
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts. It's the guests, the parties, and the true meaning of the season. Spending the time with family and friends. And the Black Effect is here to assist you and get you locked in for the holiday season. We partnered with Amazon to create the Black Effect holiday gift guide, A curated list with a few of our favorite picks. Now, some of my favorite holiday traditions with my family is honestly just, just being with my family. Being with the family that I choose to be with. Okay. Being with my, my Chosen family, my chosen tribe You know that's what I enjoy the most. Especially because You know so much. So many of us are ripping and running all year long. So when we finally get the opportunity just to be still around the holiday season and You know, spend that time with each other. That's, that's everything. You know family truly is the reason for the season. Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you just joining us. Charlamagne gave Donkey the day to Drake. Yes. Why? Because he being a hoe Damn. Because He did. Because he's suing. Well, he filed a petition against UMG. Correct? Because he said that UMG has inflated the popularity of Not Like Us by You know. What did he say? Let me, lemme get the exact wording. 'cause he's, he's litigious, he claimed the label used dishonest tactics to increase the number of listeners for Not Like Us on Spotify and radio stations. He also filed a petition against UMG alleging defamation and claiming that the label could have stopped the release of Not Like Us.


Which the rapper said in the document is a song falsely accusing him of being a sex offender. I'm gonna tell you something, this just lets me know. Drake don't understand culture because Not Like Us was a cultural, is a cultural phenomenon. And that's it's very rare air for a song to become what Not Like Us has become. It is a cultural identifier for a whole coast. One day California is gonna change their state motto to Not Like Us. Guaranteed. We were talking behind the scenes and there's not too many songs that have been like that. We, we named Mc Hammer. You can't touch this. I I only got two in my that I can think of. What's that? Mc hammer? You can't touch this and tag team. Whoop. There is that were cultural phenomenons that everybody and their mother was singing.


Their grandmother was singing and don't even know why the hell they singing it. So not back that ass up, Back that A negro s It's not, it's not a crossover. What Ne Spiritual. Yeah. Yeah. It's, yeah. Swag Surf is a negro, negro spiritual. Yes. That's not if you Buck is a Negro Spiritual. I'm about, you can't touch this white people, old people. Yes. Yes. They were singing that Worldwide cultural Phenomenon. I never like the only problem with hoop there it is. Like, it was always confusing with whoop and whoop. Like it was, it was, but it was there it is. You could Be on the street corner in America anywhere and somebody gonna have a bootleg Not Like Us T-shirt. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like, like that, like, it's just rare. It's very rare air for a song to get in that space.


Yeah. I can't think of too many. Like I only, I can only really think of three. I'm not talking about how a song being popular or being a hit record. I'm talking about a culture for presidential candidates this year. Both of them were using Not Like Us. Yeah. Both, both campaigns. Were using Not Like Us. What About jump around? No. Mm, No. How the pain jump around. Everybody does that. I love that. Yep. All right. Well let's go to the phone line. Popular record. Five eight five one oh five one. Let's start with you first. What do you, what do you, what do you think about the lawsuit? I understand when it comes to like, the part when he was just like, yo, y'all let y'all let basically him call me a pedophile. And I lost money behind that. The only reason why I say I understand that is 'cause Yeah, this is like, yeah, like that You call me that people gonna run with that.


I'm gonna lose sponsors. I'm gonna lose endorsements. I'm gonna lose, like, I'm gonna lose a lot of money behind that. Right? Yeah. He did the same thing. But to be honest, yo pedophile, that's like, that's, you don't wanna be, that's something you don't ever wanna correct. Be called You know. But you also don't, you don't want to be, you don't want to say, Hey, this man beat his his wife. And you don't wanna say, Hey, this man's wife, if we beef him, we your child, your child is my my best friend's baby. Like, I get that too. But that does not hold anything to yo you. Yeah. You mess with kids. But if you bring a knife to a fight and then I bring a gun, you can't be mad that I brought a gun. If you brought a knife, I Right. You see what I'm saying? I got You Now. I feel you. It it is just, I pedophile, just outranks all of that for me. See, I can stick with that.


I'm going to hell. I watched the video this week. I forgot who you was going at. Jess. I, it is really slipping my mind. Right. That's old though. I call somebody a pedophile. No. Oh. She, somebody came at you and you went crazy. Yeah. I guess. Was it Coy? Holcomb? No, it was a woman. Wendy. No. Jesus Christ. Who was, I can't remember who it was. It was somebody, I can't remember now. See, The problem with the lawsuit, I, I just, I don't think Drake read the room when it came to the lawsuit. Right. He was in a rap battle and you lost, you gotta take that l He doesn't Understand culture. You just gotta take that L and Yeah, I get it. You said that he called you all these names and the label supported it, but you also threw shots at that man. That wasn't true too. Yeah. So it's like, how, how do you live off off of that?


You sometimes you gotta take that l Now what I think is that album that was supposed to come out with Party, I don't think he should do that album. Yeah. That album shouldn't come out next. Drake shouldn't come out for all year. He should do It. He should, everything that he feels he should put in his music. That's why I think people like Kendrick so much and they like this album like the Har part six. He's talking about their come up. It's a, it's a heart feeling song In the guard. How do you get in the studio and say, yo man, write me a record. 'cause I feel like Ahoe right now. I feel like I got my ass beat You. know what I'm saying? I feel like lyrically, mentally, spiritually, emotionally. I just got my ass kicked. Write me a record about being a hoe. Jesus. But That's real though. Jesus. That would be better than the lawsuit though. If he did that, that would be better baby you. Right? Because then that's you, you still doing what you, you do you, you're doing music, right? I'm a hoe. I'm a hoe or whatever. Like you, you're not in court court, Jesus Christ.


But he could write his own record. He ain't got, he ain't gotta get a ghost writer and be like, this y'all crazy. This guy, you gonna throw a shot? I I go my ghostwriter write a record. I a ho like, what's Wrong with you? So he don't use ghostwriters. Oh my gosh. I'm not saying that he can't write, but he, he's, he's never used ghostwriter. Don't Think he would call Ghost Ghostwriter and say You know what Ghost. I'm not Ghost. Hello. Who's this? Hey. This is Crystal calling to Kansas City. Good morning. Hey Crystal. Good morning. What do you feel about the lawsuit Of all Go Chief, what was Drake supposed to do? He shoulda did it a long time ago when he caught him a pedophile. And my thing is You know what Drake was supposed to do. Kenrick didn't. He was supposed to rap. What? He was supposed to rap and he didn't.


True. He didn't have to tap out with the hard part. Six we're, that's what we're missing here. Drake gave up. Hmm. But my thing is D Drake is winning. He still gonna tell you in, but my thing is why don't, can't you have a hit without mentioning Drake? That's true. D Drake done it thousands of times. You're a liar. And, I. Don't know why people No, I'm not. I'm telling the truth. No, you're Not. You, you're a liar. And, I. Don't know why people say that. Don't nobody get in the car. Don't nobody get in the car and be like, put it on that Kenrick. That's a lie. Justice with Drake on It. I've been doing it for 15 years. She Can't say, don't nobody get in the car. Well, You've been doing 20 with Drake. It's crazy that, well, More people. It's crazy that people say that when Kendrick Lamar just came off a worldwide tour for his Mr. Morale and the Big Stepper tour, and it was the highest grossing tour for a solo rapper ever.


Why are like, it made over a hundred million? Like, why are we talking, why are we act, why are we having this conversation? Like he's not a worldwide international superstar. Well, Let's open up the phone List. Oh, another cultural phenomenon Sid just told us about what, who let the dogs out? Who let The dogs out? That's what, that's, that's what level Not Like Us is on. Okay. Who let the dogs out? You can't touch this. Whoop, there it is. Like it's one of them. That's rare. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts on this? Drake lawsuit is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, Charlamagne gave Drake Donkey of the Day.


Yes. That's because of the lawsuit he has versus UMG and Spotify. So we're asking what are your thoughts? What a petition he filed. It's not a lawsuit. A petition he filed. Right. Hello? Who's this? Uncle Evie? Uncle Sharla or just, What's up brother from Brownsville. What up? What up brother? Jeff, auntie Daddy. Yo, Shut up honey. Damn. Damn. What's Up man? What's your thoughts, Brother? But I wanted, I wanted to let y'all know like Drake is being a saw loser and it's due to the fact that it's like equivalent to like a boxer getting knocked out for the first time. He don't know how to handle it. You know what I'm saying? But the thing is, Drake been running the music industry for 10 plus years, 15 plus years.


He like, it's, it shouldn't even matter You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's a battle. That's not his for, that's not his. Like his, his his major You know his forefront. It is not his You. know what I'm saying? That's not the thing he do. He's like a single rapper type of type of person. What I'm realizing is Drake really can't take a hit because Exactly. We, we saw him with Meek Mill, right. And he delivered such a knockout blow to Meek that we was like, damn. Right. Don't run up on Drake Then push your teeth. He ran Up on push your teeth, push your teeth, made his eyes water. He quit buckled immediately. Boom. Took that one hit like, I don't want no problem. Yeah, he quit. Same thing here. He quit. He tried to go back and forth and listen. He fought, but he got his ass whipped. Yeah.


Hello. Who's this It? Bam. Junior. What's Up? Bam. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? I I said bam, not bum. Bam. BAMI Said bam. Or did I say bum? No, you definitely called him a bum. Oh my bum. My bad bum mean bam. What, what what? What's up? Bam. What's going man? What's your thoughts, man? Hey, hey, hey. Look, tell man you start rubbing this out, man, because he, he can't think straight. You said I need to. Hey look, I'm saying man, I feel like man Drake need to stop living in the glass house and throwing The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, the decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer.


Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop Now. What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before.


All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon.


Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


On stone. So then hide this hand. That's right. Okay, Because how? How you gonna make back to back and charge up against mc Mill You know the numbers went up on those and then, but you see that Not Like Us is going up. Now you want to take action that's kind of You know light-skinned activity. You feel me? Alright. Light-skinned activities. Thank you sir. As Lil Al says Hello. Who's this? Yo Envy You know the vibes is Mellow. Mellow. Yo. What's the word? How you doing Jess? How you feeling Baby? What's up baby? I'm good. I What'd I tell you about Kobe? Oh My god. Yeah you do. Sit that. How You feeling? What's Up yo? What's up baby? Whoa. Alright. You don't you ever, We not friends right now.


We not friends right now because I know you don't like Drake. You use every reason to hate on him. But I'm not gonna hold you at the last light-skinned meeting. We decided we sticking together and I'm not gonna hold you. I want to sue Kendrick just for the secondhand embarrassment that I caught. Mm. I want to sue him because Drake is 75% of my get my girl out of her mad mood playlist. And I haven't been able to play that recently because I, the secondhand advancement I get from playing Drake. So I feel like I'm entitled to a compensation as well. Good job Aubrey. Very good job. Very good job. Job. Get some Money. Right. Y'all gonna do a class action lawsuit against Compton, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Nah, not against, not against Compton. You feel me? Compton is very huge, you feel me? I don't wanna smoke with all of them You, know what I mean?


But I just wanna smoke with UMG and Spotify. I'm not gonna hold you. I make music too. They ain't do that to my mix tape. My mix tape with fire. Where's Eli at? Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's up? What's your thought? He is? Yo, I just wanna give a shout out to Jennifer for having a baby and coming back to work. We miss you. Like you straight into it. Yo, this So, Hello. Jake is suing UFG not suing Kenrick. Secondly, yo Charlemagne, what's your beef with Drake? You don't like the half white brother? Like yo, you was, you was big on and Kamala You.


know what I'm saying? Like what the Hey, you want to hold Drake's penis Wiley Pees I don relax And shake it. Weeping. Don't do that. What was this speaking of? Holding Drake's penis. Oh my goodness. Y'all gotta relax. We have O Eli. Eli Man, Eli looks so sad. I know. Take it easy. He been sad for the last month. You don't Even got on no over your gear today. No Better. You don't got nothing on took off the O gift. He can't even believe it all suit every day. He had on OO gift. Now what? Boxing short. You got on it Better say OO on it Bro. That's just gay. If you want see like you ain't seen him in A week. You got You know. You know What the hell They better be o it Better be He got owe your everything on but you ain't got nothing your on.


Damn. Yeah. Eli is a Drake stand. Yes he Was. How do you feel? No, I'm still, I still am. How do you feel? I feel fine. Drake and Part Next Door on the way and the tour. Yeah. Australia. Drake just announced the tour in Australia. How do you feel about this lawsuit though? Whole activities or Nah. What Lawsuit? I know that, I know that right? Yes. O Eli. Don't nobody stand next to Drake. Yes. They don't like us. Oh no, they don't like us. Wow. Okay. Wow. Okay. Alright. All right. We just said ass. It just still sad. He listen, I'm gonna tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm a, I'm a, I want somebody to recreate the Views album cover.


Right? Right. But instead of the CN Tower, it's a penis. Oh my God. And every Drake d writer you can think of just have 'em sitting on top of it. They write up. Okay, we gonna call it Views from the Dick. Jesus. That's crazy. That's what it's gonna be called. Right? Let's go to one more caller. Hello? Who's this? What up Don? It's your boy cj. Real Cj. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Detroit Baby. What up d What's your thoughts on Drake in the lawsuit? Listen Man, Drake. Drake is bringing light skin outta it right now. You know I'm saying we not saying that song is like eat the or hit him up.


But it's catchy. It need hit You. know what I mean? So Drake just need to calm down with the BS You. know what I mean? It's a hot song. So let it go about we, when we, when we listening the beefs, we don't care about what they saying. We just wanna know if it's hitting on the beat. Hold on. What song are you saying is not like Ether hit him up? What do you mean Not? Like Us. It's not, it's not a, it's not a beef song or a this song like Hit Him Up or Not Like Us. I mean, not like, I mean Ether. It's just a hot song and The World caught on to it. You know. That's all it was. Not Like Us is the greatest dis record of all time, bro. No, it's not Charlamagne Stop with the bs. It is, it's not the greatest dish song of all Life. It, it's the, it's the greatest. This song of all time. What's the ball of the story though?


They Not Like Us. They Not Like Us. That's I moral Drake just don't understand culture, that's all. And there was not Listen man, there was nothing fabricated about Not Like Us. It's just a rare cultural phenomenon. And I would, and it happens. And I would have to say one thing. Not Like Us is the best disc record ever. It's The greatest disc record Of all time. I said, you think so? You don't think so. I wouldn't say e ever, because I don't think there's any record that he, I Recently, well, well, when he first dropped it and y'all was doing all the talk about the, the beefs back in the day, my dad had me listen to like Ether. I had never listened to Ether. I never listened to Pac and Big Eagle back and forth. I like that. But them, back in the day, they was trying to kill each other. So that was, That was different. That was real, real.


That was rap though, too. And. I'm like, dang. They, they cut deeper than Not, Like, Us or any of them. The whole battle between drinking Kendrick Not, Like Us is Me. Lyrically vicious man turn certified love a boy certified. It just sounds funny. So you don't really think of what he's saying? Yeah, that last verse, once upon a time, all of us was in change, homie still double down calling us and play. He just, he man, he ruined Drake's life with that Number one was that the number two? I I always say hit him up. Just, just the, the first line to hit him up was just like Jesus Christ. That was like the just Jesus Christ. Yeah. And it's the biggest Not, Like Us. It, it was the number one record in the country. It's gonna win a Grammy. Yeah. Like it's the biggest. Yeah. And to me the best this record of all time, it just is.


It's, I mean, you got kids singing even the part, the part of the end, the singing part. The kids don't, I mean, it's, it's crazy. Are you my friend, like my like kid, my mom. They kid kids be singing that like to, to each other. So It's gonna be on Kid Box. You know it. No, no. You right. Has To, has to. We were at, we were at Sugar Factory this weekend and the guy was like, yo, what song you want to hear my daughter son said. Now they they 12 and 11. Not Like Us and and they don't know the words. All they know is wha wha wha wha wha wha. They just know Not Like Us. That's it. He gotta rewrite that whole song for kids Bob. It's so many He kids Bob, but Not, Like Us. No. That whole song gotta be wr rewritten. He Could certified Loverboy certified Play with Childs.


Something like that. I don. That still sounds horrible. Yeah, that sound horrible. Play With child. It's crazy. It's gonna be something I don know how they gonna flip It? All right, Wake that ass up in The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon's Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's It like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24, which series and device language is set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Did You know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Like GLP ones? Yeah, you've heard of those. And the best part, future Health makes it easy to get started. Just go to try fh.com and take our quick three minute survey from there, if approved by a clinician, you'll get prescribed and get meds delivered to your door within 24 hours. Plus, with Future Health's ongoing support from over 6,000 physicians and licensed pharmacies nationwide, you're never alone on your journey. Connect with qualified doctors who understand GLP ones@tryfh.com. Yeah, we've made it ridiculously easy to find us. That's try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion. Results may vary sponsored by future health.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.