
I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You hear that exclusive, you know if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in. Hi All y'all, we start with a clap. Woo. Bring hat bud. Bring it the dopamine up. Oh yes, yes, yes. The energy. All right, y'all. Welcome back to another episode of the Latest with Lauren La Rosa. I'm your host Lauren la and you know that this is your daily dig into all things pop culture, exclusive news, and the conversations that shake the room. I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody but joining me today. Brandon's here as always. Yes, I am back. We got, Los has been on the podcast. Yes. Carlos Polk is back.


Carlos Polk. We Carlos work. That's his podcast name. Carlos Polk. Yeah. But we have a special guest in the room. West Coast is in the building. DJ head is here. Another round of applause. Another Round Of applause. The greetings and salutations. Appreciate you. This is my first time meeting DJ Head. We had some wild conversations and that's it really. So yeah, really this is my first time. Yeah. Interacting verbally. Yes. So, wow. Okay. I'm excited to see where this podcast goes today. All right, well the way that we kick off the podcast head your first time here is we do a behind the grind. Behind the scenes of the grind checkin. Okay. Because you know people, we be moving, we be grooving. You literally are here for like 24 hours if even that literally.


Exactly. And we working all day long and people don't ask you how are you doing? If they do, they don't really mean it. But here, Yeah. I never ask people how they doing 'cause I don't be genuinely giving a fuck. So I just, so I, people be like, Hey, how you doing? I'd be like, Hey, I don't like ask it back. Yeah. Because it's a rhetorical question. That is exactly. So normally this is exactly why we do it this way, the way that we do it here, because it is not rhetorical here. So I'm gonna ask you, how are you doing? I honestly wanna know. It can be one word, it could be one sentence. We keep it concise and then we dig a little bit more. But it's real cute. But it's, it's a real check-in. Okay. Back on the ground. So how you doing hat? I'm blessed. Oh, blessed is a good, I didn't know where you was gonna go. Science. Yeah. Nah, I'm blessed.


You know, I'm not sleeping, but I'm blessed. Got you. Okay. Why you feeling blessed? Like, is there something specific that happened recently? No, it's not that Emini here. I'm, I'm definitely blessed with opportunities and stuff, but I think that like anytime I, I just wake, I think life is really cool. Yeah. I wake up every day and like I'll be at my house and I'd see birds outside and they be chirping and shit. I'm be like, this is some cool shit. Like life in general. Like everything is like symbiotic and working together and so I'm just, just grateful for life and animation. Yeah. Well that's a good way to think about things. Life is really, really cool. I feel blessed in the moment as well too. Brandon, how you feeling? I'm feeling good too. I'm feeling good as well. I want to add to what you said earlier about like just the how are you question. Yeah. My people I know overseas say that's like an American thing where we'll say how are you?


And just walk right past The World. Like we don't really, So when they do it overseas, they be like, hi, how are you? They Stop and then they stop and be like, Hey, I'm doing fine. Probably got time for all that unless you on the podcast said, Americans be like, how are you? And just keep it moving. Don't even care how you are you doing. So I thought it funny bro. Yeah, it is. Hell fake When I asked y'all here, how y'all doing? I really care how you're doing. Oh Shit. So do you Stop, I'm stopping here. We're having full conversation About it. I thought you was asking so we could just contemplate with ourselves. Yeah, just No, I really wanna know because it be sound going on. I feel like people who are career busy and very like career and, and like, you know, pushing through the grind, we compartmentalize very easily and that is a good thing. But it can also be a bad thing because eventually, like those compartments get fool and Emini here I had, I know you don't like to be vulnerable and stuff, but it's Not that I don't like to be vulnerable, I just, I just express myself differently than most people.


Okay, I'll take that. But I, I Just say I'm emotionally divergent. Hmm. Divergent. Please explain that. 'cause that could have been how you doing today? How you Feeling? No, it's just like, you know how people are neurodivergent, which I also subscribe to. I think I'm emotionally divergent. Meaning you're just outside of the norm. Yeah. Got you. Well Emini here inside or outside of the norm. The reason why I do it is, is just because I feel like in my own personal life I'm one that be like, no, I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm cool, I'm cool. And then it gets to a point where it starts to show in work that I'm not cool and then I gotta take a step back. Yeah. I think we're scared of the bad answers though. Like we, oh my mom just died. Like, god damn, like now I gotta really console you, cover you. And I'm not mad that your mom died or anything, but I'm just, it's a lot to take in when somebody just throws their So then why even indulge?


Yeah. To be nice. To be nice And it's not nice but it's not nice if it's disingenuous. Yeah. If it's being, if you're being disingenuous, how is it nice? Yeah. It's just a courtesy. I don't think you gotta be, I think they'll still take it as a, as a gesture. I don't think you necessarily have to Emini Here genuine. Like genuinely know how somebody's doing. That's a little nosy. Like to really know a little nosy. It's a little nosy to ask how you're doing and expect a deep dive answer. Yeah. Well I think it's a setting as well too. So like here, like if I went like my friends and we're in a, like it depends on who I'm talking to and where we are. Sometimes I do Just say it outta courtesy. 'cause it's like when you walk into a room you speak, you have to speak like that type of thing. But in other settings, if I ask, I really like, you know like, how you doing?


Like how are you? Hey we just deep dive into that. How are you? Let's get to the topic. We didn't even my fault. No. How you doing Emini here. I just wanna chime in. There is this guy, a monk, Buddhist monk that he escaped and moved to New York And know it's you. Yeah. His name is Don Dani. And he would say, he would say, don't ask people how you doing? Because you're asking to take on that energy. Just send out good energy. Like I hope all Well I think that's What I'm getting at. Oh. So a lot of times you might hear me say, I hope all is well or I'll start a email off. I hope all is well. If it ain't then shit. I hope. But I ain't ask you if it wasn't, I'm just correct. I start my emails off like that. 'cause I was just trained in work that that's how you do. Yeah. But when somebody give you that energy, you asking for a lot because you ain't even start your day sometimes.


Yeah. You be like, oh man. But you're feeling okay. Yeah, I'm feeling great. I do, I I am beginning to think I, I may need to get like evaluated. I think I might be on the spectrum a little bit. I think I said something about, I'm just starting to think that way. I might be, I ain't going. I'm with you Ain't put it out there, but like where it's out there it is. Because some people be sensitive. So if I say I'm, I feel like I might be autistic, then they might take that as like a, like a or if I, Nah, I'm with you bro. Yeah, I do. I feel like I'm a little spectrum for sure. What Made y'all feel that way? Because We so different. What? Oh, just 'cause I Neurodivergence is not being of the norm. I just think that I'm, I'm just completely out the box. Most of the time I come off as insane. Especially to women, but Jesus.


So it's So crazy though because I feel like you're like super comforting and like, like as a friend, you're like a really good friend. Yeah. Can I, can I, can I say an introduction? It's kind of okay for us to talk like this too in the beginning. 'cause we are the latest, like we are the latest period. Like we are the next latest people gonna be talking about us. So it's good. And people talk about him all the time. Yeah, We, we sitting here with big money right now. Yeah. We big money. How You doing? Can I hold? So I'm on your show in our heart building in New York. We Billy though. Can I hold something here? Like What's up? No. Damn. Yeah. Not yet. Not yet. People don't be like, I ain't got it. He just said no. Yeah. All right. Well speaking of the latest, we are gonna get into the latest and because we have had here, y'all know we're gonna get into some K dots.


Kendrick Lamar is the first rapper in history to gross over $9 million in a single concert. Now it is being reported that the co headlining tour between Kendrick Lamar and CSA breaks m and m's 2019 record in Melbourne grossing that $900 million. Which is a huge, huge deal. Especially because in the beginning of all this, when the GN X tour announcement dropped, people were saying people weren't gonna go out to see Kendrick. Yeah. People's people literally said they people did not wanna see it. Kendrick la Marette. Yeah. I don't think that's true in any. And they were kind. They it it is, it is like the first thing they do is make a comparison between Kendrick and Drake. His shows and, and and Kendrick shows.


And didn't say his shit ain't gonna sell Out. I don't know. It was, I was, I was there, I was at the Atlanta show and the Mercedes-Benz Stadium, not, not Dome because it's not to be confused, the Mercedes-Benz Stadium. And it looked crazy to me. Yeah. I didn't see hella open seats and all that kind of shit. Yeah. It was packed. Now this is a 39 stop stadium tour. That's insane. I was But 39 stops. But that's not even included in multiple days. Yeah. Oh, Oh, multiple days in different stops. Yeah. So he's doing three at SoFi at home in la He doing two at MetLife, right? Yeah. Fire three, two, it, two out here, three at home, two in Toronto that I know about.


Damn. So three at home at SoFi, that's where the Super Bowl was. Right. Like Taylor Swift I think is the only other person that did three days at SoFi. Wow. Wow. Fuck yeah. I really think all that situation with Drake sent him to another stratosphere. Obviously he was selling out before that, but it really, I don't think anybody could deny that he wasn't going to, anybody could say he wasn't gonna do well after everything. You feel like al year no Kendrick, no Kendrick after that phenomenal year, he had like, there's no way he wasn't doing this, this happen. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So you feel like without not like us, he couldn't have did this. No, no. I think it would've been a, it would've been a little smaller. But I think he was always selling out sell out artists though. Well, because I asked you that because that has been the conversation when this, these numbers Are astronomical.


But When this news broke, the, the conversation was he needed Drake to do this. And people always throw that out there about Kendrick and the conversation right now. But in 2023, the big steppers tour became the highest grossing rap tour of all time. It was eclipsed the following year by Drake. It's all a blur tour, but it did happen first. So I think that, I don't know why it is with Kendrick and him, I don't know, maybe you, you a little closer to the source. Yeah. People like to act like Kendrick, like this all just happened overnight for him. Like, like 'cause they, because people, it's, it's two things. The first thing is people are super fans of Drake. Like Drake raised them. So it's like, it's like telling them that Santa Claus ain't real. Mm. You can't tell me that. You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like it's certain shit that you can't say about certain people. For instance. Even when, even when certain people are probably flawed just like everybody else. Like you know what Emini here, like we have moguls that are probably no longer heralded as what as what they once were because you fuck around and find out that they're just a human being like everybody else. You know what I'm saying? And so my, that's the first thing. The second thing is he's always been discounted. Yeah. The whole, the whole time. But he's been discounted for, for lack of a better way, is just saying, oh, he's not a star. Just 'cause he doesn't indulge in, in the fruits of being a star. Right? Yeah, exactly. So, and, And I said this before on the air, but I think like he has the same problem that like Yoic has, you know, on the Denver nuggets.


Like he just win a championship and don't even give a fuck. He don't care. He play with his horses and he just don't random stuff. So you have somebody who's completely indulgent in being a superstar and you have somebody who don't even give a fuck about being a superstar. Yeah. Do you, do you sincerely think Drake care about being a superstar or Absolutely. Is he trying to be a Persona? No. Drake feel like he's always, I think it's a little bit of both, but go ahead. Drake 100% cares about stardom. Is that a bad thing though? I don would say it's a bad thing. It nothing is bad. Yeah. It's not necessarily a bad thing. It's how you go about it. Yeah. And you don't respect the way d dr goes about it. 'cause what's the no why? It just depends on, it depends on what, what facet. Like for instance, the way that, the way that he uses culture to manipulate, I don't, I don't, I disagree with that because there are Yeah.


That's why to say the AI stuff with like Snoop and it wouldn't even be the AI stuff I'm talking about. For instance, if when you like, I'm not saying that there aren't rough areas where he's from, but where we're where I'm from. Yeah. Where, where do is from? You can't we call it false flagging. You can't false flag. Like I don't never claim to be a gang member. I'm not a gang member. I'm considered a non-affiliate. So if I get on here and start cousining and blooding and stuff, I would get quote unquote G checked when I get back home. Spoil your But what happens is when you don't get checked Yeah. You go without checks and balances. Yeah. Then you arrive at a place where now you are the dictator of those checks and balances. IE Kanye West. You know what I'm saying? So now it's like you're allowed to just be whoever you want to be without any, without any repercussions.


And I think that's kind of like what's going on. Well recently Young Thug sat down with GQ Magazine and they asked him about the whole Kendrick Lamar Drake thing and he's like, I don't know where this came from because I'm I, I like I'm a Drake fan. Like I don't understand why Kendrick Lamar brought me into it. Yeah. Emini here. I get what you're saying as far as culture, but like when you got people like Young Thug saying like, yeah, nah, but I don't subscribe to that. Doesn't that, that doesn't help what you're saying because No, but everybody has their own experience. Right. Just like some people would say, you know, there's, they're probably individual. There might be individuals that say Weinstein was a good man. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Or I'm saying not wanting to say Epstein. Got you. You know what I'm saying? But wasn't Kendrick's point was that he was keeping these people around him for credibility.


Exactly. But I'm saying if, if, if Kendrick's point is you keeping all these people around you for credibility and to be able to like, you know what, Emini here falsely throw this flag. Yeah. But the people who are around you are like, Emini here, but that's my boy, that's my homie. It doesn't, there there's no like, there's, there's no checking. There's no big homies that are like, no this is not okay. Correct. Like if Young Thug has said I'm a Drake fan, but like I get what Kendrick is saying because like, nah, this is our shit. Yeah. That would've been different. He wouldn't say that because that's his homie though. But also, see that's what I'm saying, like Yeah. Where we are at in a culture is the two things are conflated. You have street, you have, we call glasses, call it street urban culture and you have rap. Mm. Those two separate things that get conflated because hip hop is looked at as this one umbrella.


Yeah. So where we are from, it doesn't matter if you've done something, for instance, you could take Lil Wayne for instance. Lil Wayne is from New Orleans, Louisiana. Right. But he's also quote unquote from the mob, mob paru that's in Yeah. Quote unquote in Compton. Right. So if one of my OG homies, I ain't gonna say no names, one of the homies and he's like a reputable from that section. Right. And he says, this is my little homie Wayne. He from the section. That's it. That's law. Meaning there's no questioning. You don't get to, you don't. That's just what it is. This is my homie from and now he from the section. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. So I'm not saying that that's what Thug is doing, but it's just different things that are not the same thing one-to-one in hip hop.


Got Got you. Well Emini here it is coming on a year, this week that everything happened. I remember I was in, y'all remember where y'all were when not like us drop this crazy, but for real I was in a party for single de Mayo. It it, it was single de Mayo. Right. I was in a party, I was drunk, I remember. And then somebody came to me, I was in Delaware and they was like, Kendrick finally dropped 'cause we was waiting on it. Yeah. And, and then they played the knot like us. I felt like Kendrick was trying to say like when he did the party, the party dies or something. What's the watch the party die watch the party die. It was like his music did that without saying it. Mm. Right. It was like, I'm gonna show y'all how to party differently. I'm gonna show you how to embrace who you are as a black person. I feel like Drake's music, while it's good and his fancy and you can dance to it, I do feel like he, like he didn't, he didn't grow up the way that we, or it doesn't feel like that he grew up the way that we did, but he knew how to speak to it and because he knew how to speak to it, then he could make music around it.


You get what I'm saying? Yeah. How y'all feel about when Kendrick brought out Playboy Cardi, people were upset about it. They said that like he was basically exploiting artists for like the same thing that he accuses Drake of doing. How y'all feel about that? It's a bunch of people who aren't part of the music game commenting on the music game. Like they were, he was in Atlanta. He brought out Playboy Cardi who's from Atlanta. Right. And they have three songs. He, doc gave him three features on the album. Yeah. And they performed one of the biggest records right now. So I don't understand. People are just silly. So do y'all feel like people are ever gonna get to a point where like this, 'cause you know how like people beef and then we just like move on. Yeah. And won't even really talk about it. We're talking about this as if like, like Emini here it is history, but yeah.


You know what Emini here, we just remembered where we were when songs dropped. Yeah. You think that that feeling will last like generational or like eventually would you be like, yo, What feeling of this specific Like yo you remember where you were when not like us dropped or when the beef started? Yeah. I think it was definitely a moment in time. Yeah. In hip hop especially. I, I definitely always Remember it numbers wise, super Bowl. But then the only comparison that I can have that I remember And I was young was Jay-Z and Nas. And I felt like niggas talk about that for a long time. Still Beef. They Still argue. Yeah. And they, and they became friends on top of that. So it was like, damn Drake. Drake. And then after they became friends, look how long it took for people to actually like, all right, like okay they're friends.


Like it is not a game. I don't think Drake and Kendrick ever becoming friends. Nah. And I think in the moment of that time Head Head is that Emini here? Am I crazy for assuming that I Don't see it happening? Yeah. I don't see that happening. They Weren't friends before. But also you gotta understand like he, one person crossed the line before the other person came. Yeah. So I think that's the nuance that gets lost in translation is just like, you know, like he said it in a record. But when you get offered, when you offer somebody a friendly that's amongst the homies, like if we homies, I offer you a friendly fade that's like that again, that's where I think the disconnect is happening in these conversations. Street urban culture, rap music.


Okay. And rap music. He can't say that about you. Street urban culture. There is no rules. Rap, rap, rap world is you crossed the line street urban culture. I gave you a line, you crossed it. Now it's now it doesn't matter now. No lines exist. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's the difference. Yeah. And that's what happened. So what was the specific line cross that you're referring to? Emini here. I think he said we ain't gotta keep, we ain't gotta make it personal. I think Drake made it personal first and then after that. Oh per, okay. All see the thing is once where we're, where I'm, where we're from. If I give you a line And I say, Hey bro, let's let's have a fight. Yeah. Because we just having a disagreement, right?


Yeah. And you tell me where I'm from. You tell me. Alright look, look we can fight but nigga, you know like I, I got shot And I got, I got a bad rib. Yeah. Don't hit me in my rib. You just keep hitting him in the room And I just keep, I hit you in the rib. Yeah. You like bro, what the fuck? Now there are no rules because you gave me the line And I stepped over it. Okay. It behind the scenes. 'cause there were, there were things of claims of like people being removed from like songs or like something like that because they were associated with Kendrick and then the lawsuit came and like well like that type of stuff. Or was it like, no, Drake was really trying to be outside in the streets. No it ain't ain't it ain't none of that. It's just if I have a conversation with you about what the line is. So They had a conversation about what The line was.


I'm not saying that. I'm saying if I do have a conversation with you Okay. And you step over that line that we, that I, that I presented to you. Now it's up. Is that I thought he like low key put it in the music though. Like yo, well like once you talked about his family and his children and who they messing with, stuff like that. That's the line That cross if I tell you my line. Yeah and you intentionally cross it. Yeah. There is no such thing as I went too far. Yeah. Well Emini here, we don't even have time to get to other topics because you had such a great conference and No, but I've enjoyed the hanging out with the guys on the podcast. Suzanne, we got five minutes. We do. So what we do after we get through our latest, our topic rundown is we take it outside to the streets in the tweets. Which is anything that's happening in conversation on the internet.


You for the tweets. We outside, we outside. We outside. Outside. Every other page are gold. So I actually went to your Twitter head. Oh shit. And Oh my gosh you're such a fucking, I feel like people never journalist bro. People never remember what they tweeted. Oh, I know everything. I Tweeted and you tweeted in 2013. I stand on my tweets. I don't have tweets before 2014 'cause I got rid of them. But anything after 20, how you do that? Oh yeah, you, yeah, I gotta put you on, you gotta hire. So Nah, you don't. Oh you don't? No. Okay. But yeah, I'm a nerd so I'll figure shit out, but okay. Yeah. So any tweet that is out there, I stand on my shit. Well Emini here. I, I wasn't a, a crazy one but now you got me going down your timeline trying to find a crazy one the way you reacted.


It's not gonna mean anything crazy. No, I don't see nothing crazy. But you had, you had tweeted videos out from the Kendrick Lamar concert and you captioned it. You can't fake influence. Correct. A great way to end the show because I think right now you also have a pen tweet that says I'm not a journalist, I'm a DJ Because I respect journalists. And I remember during the time of all the back and forth when you know people were, look, you were the, one of the Kendrick sources and academics was on the other side with Drake. I don't know if people knew how to title you because the information was coming from you a lot. Sometimes some of it. Well I know that that person claims to be the best, the number one journalist in the game. And I just have, I have too much respect for, I think journalism is a, is a craft just like being a doctor or a lawyer. Yeah. And so I respect journalism too much to just pop out at me like I'm a journalist.


Yeah. I don't think that academics is a journalist at all. I think the machine machine, anybody Got a drunk rant tomorrow? No, that's fine. Emini Here. Whatever the, the machine of what he's built. I say I always, I respect the machine of what he's built, but he's not a journalist. I think we as journalists, we vet things a lot differently. Correct. We have conversations a lot differently. I'm not mad at what he's doing, but I think that there does always need to be a defying point of anybody who does something at a, he's a professional but like it's, it's different. And like I know you on the radio and you come from a background of journalism, which you know, there's, there's two things that, that exist within the confines of broadcast and or journalism. Whether it's print or any kind of signal.


Right. And the two things are, one is bro journalistic integrity and the second one thing is something called libel. Go look up libel kids. And so I think what, because you don't learn these things when you just turn on your stream or whatever. You, you just, you could say whatever you want to say and then you end up like Tasha K. And so I think like oh The menopause Maddie, she talks about us Too. And so I think, and so I think what happens is people just start podcasts, get cameras, get mics and start saying what they think and then be like, oh DJ heads, he's being cryptic, he's not being real. It's like no there's a such thing called libel Kansas City that I take serious because I'm a professional fucking broadcaster. You know what I'm saying?


What I'm saying. And so if you look up libel you'll understand where these things and why these safeguards are in place. Yeah. Well I wanna read some of the responses to your tweet. The tweet was can't fake the Influence And somebody said Junior shoots mind of Junior is his ad said just left the show. It was rocking reo. I think this is a bot page though 'cause Yeah, I've noticed every time Kendrick sees a rise in popularity, Drake is somehow involved. Take care feature slash tour fing problems feature K JMC slash poetic justice promo control verse controversy. Then the beef, we talked about that a bit. Somebody said pri Nolo 14. So unfortunately I won't be able to attend these shows.


So I've been living through the videos. Y'all post no cap. This show is based, just based on video. Seemed like the crowd was effing lit up. They tried to play with Kendrick at the Super Bowl with the videos. I know. Behind the scenes. I Know. Does he have anything to prove at this point because of that? He Don't even care. He really don't care at all. Is he always unbothered or has he gotten to a place with this where he's in a good place? So he's unbothered now If you watch the squabble up video and you look at, I watched it and you look at his face, that's how he's the day not like us came out. And I called him like, Hey bro, you I'm going crazy. This shit crazy you won. He's like, man, he didn't even give, he don't even give a, does he have those feelings going into the Toronto shows?


Like is this is nothing. It's nothing. It's nothing bro. I, I'll give you an example last, the last show I went and seen him backstage and we had a moment because when he got the key to the city in Compton. Mm. I was there. I'm sitting on the mayor's desk in her office. Yeah, yeah. No bullshit. I'm sitting in her desk and I'm holding this key to the city. I'm looking at this nigga and I'm like, this shit crazy. He was like, bro this shit crazy. Oh so that's, and then we was backstage at, at one of the shows And I was like, bro I'm looking, I'm like, this shit crazy. He was like, bro this shit crazy to me too. Okay. That's the, that's the reaction. It's like yeah He's still like kind of not coming to terms with it but it's like man, like there's so much in front of him. He not looking at all the other stuff.


It's the, it's he said, he says it's the work and it's just you put in the work. Yeah. You gotta put that work In. I can feel that that just made my heart feel so warm. 'cause that's how I feel about life. It's The work And when you head down and doing the work, a lot of that stuff, like when I say even if you do feel like stop playing with me, it just doesn't matter. It's so small Things. None of this shit, none of that. This shit matters in real life. Wow. And he seems like, But in actuality just remember that in hindsight all this shit is something. And that's what I think that people don't look at like your life is a story for somebody else. That's how I look at my life. Yeah. So It's important to like yeah you got your head down, you working but also know that, take a second to take it in and say, yo, this shit crazy.


Yeah. Yeah. You know What Emini here, that's how I feel sitting here with y'all right now. Coming from TV is so different to radio and being a journalist coming on the radio where they, especially breakfast club. Yeah. They say and do what they want. They get crazy. Mm. I was freaking out a lot of times and hell used to always just tell me, shut up, just shut the fuck up. Yeah. Literally like, no literally like that's how he and he thinks it's so funny, like one time I called him crashing out, he just laughs like yeah no, but I, I just had, has helped me through like some really crazy times in radio figuring out this whole navigation. 'cause he comes from radio so, and then now we hear on the podcast 'cause he here in New York. So this is like a man, this is crazy moment for me too man. So thank you for joining us Los Thank you for joining us. For Sure. Thank You. Thank you for having us. Yeah y'all.


Thank you. So what have we learned from today's episode besides shut the F up. That's My only takeaway. I don be Grateful. We learned, we learned that grateful. Yeah, I was gonna say put that work In and don't be, don't be too high up to look down and Just say, oh this is crazy. Yeah. There we go. That's it. Yeah. That was fight. This is crazy. This shit crazy. Alright y'all, I'm Lauren la this has been the latest with Lauren la I had the guys join me today. So this is an amazing episode I tell you guys each and every episode because Emini here it at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about and y'all could be anywhere doing it with anybody, but you choose to be right here. And I appreciate you fo that we are a lot of thousands of people download strong. So I, I really, really appreciate you guys tuning in, download it and telling a friend to tell a friend that Lauren got the latest.


Yeah. I will catch you guys in my next episode. Sold.