
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay, there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated, whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR across body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people Love's.


I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and every, Everybody you know, if you don't lie about that. Right. Lauren came in. Hi. Hey, what's up y'all? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La. I am your host in this show, as you guys know. And if you're new, don't worry. I'm gonna remind you is your daily dig into everything. Pop culture. I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. And today we are gonna get into some things. As always. Brandon is here with me. Yes. Yes. It's good to be back as usual. I'm gonna Texas for a campaign shoot. It's my first like, major campaign that I'm doing for a brand through the radio station. Yay.


Congratulations. That's big news. Big Stuff. So yes, the podcast, the latest it, it, it, it travels because, you know, the latest is happening all over. I will not be in the Diddy trial for the rest of the week. I'll be back actually Friday. So I'll skip a couple days and then I'll be back Friday. But yes. How you feeling Brandon? I'm feeling good. You know, just another week. I'm happy to be alive. You know what, Emini here, I've been feeling good lately, so I'm trying to stay on this high. That's good. This is the behind the scenes of the grind check in where we really check in on each other in real life. Because if you're asking how you doing, you should really care. And if you don't, you should not ask it Back on the ground. How are you doing Lauren? I'm doing well.


You know, I'm just trying to manage and like more like quality control, like perfect. And my team depends on me a lot. And we're traveling for these next couple days because of the campaign that I'm shooting. So I got makeup, not makeup. I got, I'm doing my own makeup. I got hair, my hair girl coming. I got, you know, a stylist coming, my manager's coming, my content shooter is coming. So it's a lot of people trying to manage them and make everything sink. And what I realized yesterday ain't being gone all day. It's like, yo, if I'm going all day, it's really tough for things to work. I need to remove myself from stuff. But yeah, so I'm, I'm trying to manage team. That's what, that's how I'm feeling. I'm just feeling like growth is happening, which I'm so proud of And I'm excited for. But like, I'm trying to get the team right behind the scenes so I could be MIA for all those hours and The World not explode.


That's good. I don know. I see you have a lot going on yos, like I said in the last episode, it's nice to watch. So, you know, I'm rooting for you. So let's get on into some things into the latest. So the MET Gala went down, we talked a bit about like the MET Gala. I was rushing during the episode and Tiller got on my behind, but won't happen again. I'm sorry. To the low riders for anybody that felt like we were rushing through because we were trying to go prepare for the Met Gala. I didn't end up going anywhere Brandon, You didn't? Oh, I thought you was doing all the events and all that. You had your, your stylist you said you were meeting up with and all that. It seemed like he was real excited about it. I'm surprised. 'cause even I'm not, I wouldn't say no names. I know some people that probably shouldn't be at certain parties. That was at the parties. Oh. Low. And so I was yeah, low.


Damn. Yeah. So I was, I was surprised that I didn't, you know, see you or you weren't talking about anything. Yes. You went to No. So You were just tired or you just, you didn't want to go I was exhausted. Yeah. After we left court and the trial was going on. Right now, people are tweeting me from the trial because I said that the Diddy video of Cassie may not be played and they're talking about that in court right now in Inner City Press, which is a Twitter account that I follow is tweeting about it. So people can't wait the burst of my bubble. But yeah, it was a long day so I didn't even end up going anywhere. Shout out to Romeo Hunt though. He dressed me for the first day of court and he actually had provided the outfit yesterday for me to make it to the party. I gotta hit them, I gotta reach out to them because I didn't end up at the partying. But the outfit that it gave me though, I can wear to court because it was in the whole Dandyism vibe.


So it's like, you know, it's a suited vibe so I can wear that again. But I stayed home last night. There was the Burner boy party, there was a Pharrell party. Romeo Hunt had a party I A LeBron party, Right? Taylor had a party. Yeah. Tiana Taylor had Cakeron DJing her party. Dang, That sounds Fire, right? Like Kate DJing your party is so fire. Yeah. So it was a lot going on. But one of the biggest moments from the Met gala was Rihanna revealing that she was pregnant. So prior to the Met Gala, there is video and photos of Rihanna. She's dressed in all gray and she's walking around her hotel and you see clear as day a baby bump. Hey my boy ASAP won't let up my Luke, the asap. My god, I love it.


I wouldn't need ASAP Because for Luke, my man better be the same way. Like don't up on me. Okay. Yo. Like period. It's funny that watching their relationship, like I did not depict Rihanna as this type of person. Like, like, Like she's just with any like it her, it's her man's body. Yeah. When she did the, you know, the whole Good Girl gone bad transition, I thought she just didn't give a fuck about man. She was run through niggas she was gonna have that run. But now she really, I think she a face. Yeah. She had now she's like a, a a, a mother of what three now about to be three. Love her man down. Okay. But yeah, Very loving relationship. It looks like. Love her man down. But it also looks like they have a good time and it, I I feel like they probably have really great sex. It's just funny to watch. Oh yeah. I think Rihanna hates that.


Rocky have really great sex. I think that they actually, And I I don't Just say that because they both are like really attractive or like have a sex appeal and they do I say it because when you see them together, you could tell they really like each Jump each other in that moment. God Yes. Ah, But it's just funny to watch like what relationships bring out of people. Yes. Like I will agree. Yeah. Do you see me as like the motherly type? So let's get into the Met Gala, right? Let's, oh no, no. I think you would. No, no. You don't think I'm motherly and Nurturing. Alright. Can I bring back in? Can I bring in a personal conversation we had? Okay. No. We both talked about how like we're not even sure right now where the point in our life is where we could put everything aside and to have kids Right. To dedicate so much time to having kids.


'cause you're on a come up, like you feel like you're in a place in your life where you, you know, you gotta go to court for Didion to do things of those sorts and become a great journalist. So. No, but I think, I think you're one of the nicest people I know, honestly. So, oh, thank you. I think, I think you'll be a great mother. I think and and that's what, that's what I wanted to, like, there was a lot from the Met Gala. Like some of my favorite looks were Rihanna, Tiana Taylor ate down style by Ruth E. Carter, the legendary, the iconic Grammy award-winning stylist OG in the game. You talking about Dandyism baby? You, you talking about Ruth E. Carter and the vibes that she knows how to brand. You talking about the dapper dance? Like give it up for the OGs. Okay. The girls who know those names know those names. All right. If you don't please Google them.


We the conversation for another day. But there, yeah, I had a lot of favorite looks last night And I was excited for the fashion, but seeing Rihanna with baby number three and it's just like, oh, yep, here we are, baby number three. And I'm like, if you're in a happy relationship or marriage, it should be like that. Like I, I know I like, I don't have a lot of friends who are at peace in their relationship or their marriage where like there's not a number of children that they won't have and things of that nature. But when I do meet people like that, like envying his wife and you know, just different people, I think it's like such a beautiful thing. And to be honest with you, people ask me like, how many kids would I wanna have? I don't have a limit. I do wanna have twins. I want identical girl twins. I would love to have them first, but I really don't have a number because for me it's like, I wanna be so in love and intertwined with my partner like ASAP and Rihanna that I'm like, okay babe.


Like, all right, another one. Oh, okay, here we go. Like, like, I want to you, it's a, it's a weird feeling of like understanding that the whole like, I wanna make my man a great, like not make him a great father, but I wanna you give yourself to a person when you become a woman, having a baby by someone. Like it's a different level of like, not even, I was gonna say submission, but I don't even think it's that it's like a different level and stage of vulnerability when you're like, I'm gonna have a baby with this person like that. You're tied to them. I, I like what you're saying, but it's, it is one part I want to touch on. It's tough to be with a woman who wants their relationship to be like something they seen.


I agree with that. I hate that. I hate that. Yo, I, I've been in a relationship like that too and they kept referencing some internet Couple, but not, I'm not the type that be like, oh come on baby, you gotta be like Rihanna and asap. Like, it's not like that. It's just the happiness and the partnership that I see. Yeah, The aspects of It that you Yeah. Yeah. The happiness and the partnership. 'cause I don't know the insides right. But the happiness and the partnership that I see in the peacefulness that they bring each other. They Seem like friends, like they like they don't Yeah. Oh my God, now you're getting it. That's what I'm, that that's what you're trying to hear me say. I just didn't know how to say. They Both like the same type of stylish, it looks like they be cracking jokes for each other. Oh, they be giggling on the side and Like they best friends. And it's like when you submit yourself as a woman or as a man to a person like that, babies and family and all of that and money and all that stuff that people like 50 50.


But like all that goes out the window. You just love your person and y'all figured out do it. And I'm like watching them. It makes me like every time I like was seeing her yesterday, I was like, man, that's so beautiful for her. But my first thought was, at what point in my life do I do that? As you mentioned, like as a young woman, like Rihanna has put her careers on a hold. Rihanna is still booming. Rihanna is the girl has always been the girl. But it's because Rihanna kn knew when to pivot or even if she didn't know when, 'cause I can't say that for a fact. When she pivoted it worked. Yeah. She has Fenty, she has, you know what Emini here, she has so many other things that are huge, even bigger part, some people will argue bigger part of her success than her music. She, she's good.


You know what I'm saying? So even yesterday they asked her about if, if new music was going to come, let's take a listen. Now is this putting R nine on pause even longer because you were in production? No, maybe a couple videos, but a couple videos I could sing. I yes you can. And it's like, okay, yeah, she's gonna do the music, but there's so much other things that she does, but she's not worried about, okay, if I do this my whole career stops and what does that look and feel like for me? And I feel like she's different now. She's a mother of Britney. She seemed happier. She a billionaire. She's Happy, she's a billionaire. She's a mother of three. Remember she talked about, And I, let's insert this clip right here where she talked about not even dressing the same since she's had her kids.


Do you feel like your style has changed a lot since you became A mom? Hello? Hello. We gotta pick things up. We gotta snatch things in and we gotta know if a shoulder and a boob is all you have to work with for the night. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. That, yeah. You gotta get creative. Clever. It takes a lot of work. And sometimes if I get out of the house covering my underwear, that's as good as I could Get. Moms that need to follow suit. It's a lot of moms that need to follow suit. Yeah. Honestly, not even just moms. I'm, I'm not even gonna hold y'all. I'm very scap when it comes to the clothing. It's certain things that even I think twice about now just because of where I'm at career wise. And I still like to be risque and do what I like to do because it's me.


And I don't wanna tone down that. But I do wanna polish things in a certain way because I'm just growing up now and I'm like, I just, I don't know. I, I don't know what to expect from her because what is grown up Rihanna music? Not that, not still young and fun and all that stuff, but like what do we hear her talk about? Yeah. I don't know. What if we get like a, and this is gonna sound abstract, just follow me. A women's version like 4 4 4 of where you're like just kind of documenting everything that's like going all in your life and then like an adult version of that. Does that make any sense? I I wouldn't be mad at in love music from Rihanna because that would be a lot of it, right? Yeah. I wouldn't be mad at in love music from Rihanna. I think it would be like, I don't know.


I I could, I could see it. A lot of people do talk about, you know, vocally Rihanna is more of like a fun popping and out vocal style singer versus like big ballads and stuff like that. I feel like Rihanna when she first began was the Ballad girl. She was like, you know, trying to be the singer singer. And then after that it turned into like pop princess, fun island girl. You know what I, you know what Emini here? Yeah, yeah, yeah. As far as her music. So I, I don't even remember kind of like what her range was at that point. But I, I could hear some love songs from her, like some happy love songs. I, I don't know though. 'cause how much, this is gonna sound so bad. I love like, like Beyonce when Beyonce does her happy and love songs, I love them.


It works well. But she has a way, And I hate to compare the two 'cause I know that people do that. Beyonce has a way to make her love music still. Like I'm that bitch. Yeah. Like, you know what, Emini here And I think you know Rihanna, she, she gives that very much Don't play with my island girl. But I I I really couldn't answer the question for you. Is ASAP supposed to be dropping the album soon too? Yeah, ASAP supposed to be dropping the album. I'm not for sure. I I look up when it comes out. I know he just previewed some stuff at Roland Loud. Remember he mentioned something about pregnancy in one of those songs. But ASAP is underrated too. I hear how they tried to figure him Very much underrated. Like he used a stay at home dad. Yeah. Like, That's Brianna's man. So underrated. When I was in high school, ASAP was like a god yo, like he, he was tough and yeah, we dressed like him and everything.


So like, I hate that narrative as well. So I'm definitely looking forward to his music and what he previewed. That rolling Loud was amazing from what I heard. I don't know what song that was, but Rihanna hasn't done any new music in nine years. So Auntie was in 2016. So R nine is is the new project. And I, it's been some conversation for some time. She says she has songs, so I don't know. And, and, and in that in interview she talks about video. So that sounds like she's kind at the finishing point. She Said that's the only thing that's probably gonna be pushed back 'cause of the, the pregnancy. So yeah, it sounds about done. Yeah, it sounds about that we didn't get no previews, no hints or nothing. Maybe it could be a surprise drop. Yeah. Or like just a surprise genre. Just She said to your point, she did an interview. This is the Harper's Bizarre. She said there's no genre now.


That's why she waited. Okay. So while it was previously rumored that Rihanna's stylistic direction for the new album could involve reggae, she dismisses any suggestions of genre and is insisting she will only put music out when she is ready. I have to show The World that it was worth the weight. I can't put out anything mediocre. That's what I'm worried about too. Rihanna can't miss. Yeah. I think for her, like linking out with, you know, certain producers that she's always been with, I can't really see it's going bad.


So our very own Charlemagne, the God has teamed up with Basel, who is one of the producers from John Wick and they have a new company called Southland Stories. So this is a production company and one of their first projects has been announced and it is starring drum roll please. Jonathan Majors. Majors. So this film is called True Threat. It is one of their first projects and the the production company itself, Southern Land Stories is a production company that focuses on southern stories, Southland Stories, Southern Stories is like a see what they did there? Yep, yep, yep. They word, The first project that they'll be working on is a revenge thriller that is gonna star Jonathan Majors. So it's scheduled to begin production this summer. Actually it's one of several friends in the pipeline as Southland Stories starts to ramp up its output, it's directed and written by Jared mcr and produced by Alex Garcia of Cat five. Now it's gonna follow a special forces operative out for a vengeance after his teenage son is killed by gang members. The movie is gonna be among one of Jonathan Major's first roles since he was convicted in 2023. A third degree assault and harassment femmes, like True Threat are exactly why we created Southland Stories, says charlamagne God, it is vital to show that black creatives can thrive across all genres. Jared McMurray in Jonathan Majors are extremely talented individuals. Shout out to Charlamagne. Let's, let's clap it up for that. Yep, yep. That's huge news. Shout out to Charlamagne and Jonathan Majors and Basil. Of course. You know, hopefully this is the one that like, kind of brings them back after Speaking to 'em up here.


I I, I understand why people say once people go through their consequences and they do the work, you let them rebuild you, you step out the way and you let them rebuild. You can't hold it on 'em forever. Because when I met him up here, I was like, man, the only thing I kept feeling from him was he's sorry. Like, even though a lot of what was first thrown at him, you know, charges were reduced and stuff like that. You know what Emini here, but like, I, I'm not even talking about like just charge specific. I'm think I'm talking about the way that it impacted his career and the things that he worked for and just, I feel like him as a person, he had to become a better person. And I, I felt that from him. I felt that even if he's not all the way there, he's doing the work and he's in a lot of different place.


He's in a way different place than he was before all of that. Yeah. And when he came up here, oh sorry, go ahead. No, Go Ahead. No, when he came up here, I met him in the most peculiar way. So I was in the men's bathroom. Whoa. What? Hold up. Nothing. Great storm. Nothing. Now what's happening Brandon? The Other craziest is funny. I just, I was in the med's bathroom And I just hear somebody whistling in the stalls. He looks like a whistle in The stall at, so I'm like, oh, somebody doodling while they whistle. That's interesting. I'm I'm gonna try that next Time whistle while you work Me as that's it. That sounds funny. So I'm done in the bathroom, I'm washing my hands and then he just came out the stall. I was like, Jonathan, I was like, I was not expecting to see you.


Oh my Right Here in his way. He's like, yeah, how you doing brother? These a very nice small talk conversation. He complimented my waves. Once you compliment my waves. Oh my God, I'm a fan. Brandon. I thought you was gonna say he complimented your waist. Yo. All right, relax. Well, I was saying once you compliment relax, I say what? You come my waves. I'm automatically a fan of the person. You know, it don't take much for me. So sad. No, he's a very pleasant Person. It don't take much for you to go out. Oh, it don't take much for you to go at all, huh? Brandon? Yeah. One little compliment. I'm, I'm so One little, oh my God. Did you get your haircut cut today, Amy? Yeah. Now you wearing rainbows? Ah, yes I did. I did get a haircut. Thank you. But yeah, but nah, you seem, you seemed like a very pleasant per person in person.


So I was, that was, you know, I agree. Shout out to them. Congratulations. I've been trying to tell Charlamagne since I've seen this announcement. Like, yo cast me, I wanna act cast me. Don't even cast me, just let me audition. Like gimme a fair shot auditioning. He talks about everything when we just talked to him about that. But that Gotta start with the brandy biopic Emini here. You launch from there. I don't know Emini here. I don't think he would even start there the way he ignored everything I'm saying. I play, I'll play Ray j Brandon. All right, my bad, my fault. Brandon. Whoop. Alright, y'all let, let's take it, let's take it to the, to the, to the streets. You for the truth. Outside, outside, outside. Every other page. Go to the tweets real quick.


So real quick. So right now Diddy is back in court. Jury selection day two. So genuine candor on X tweeted me, because yesterday I did a video breakdown on my YouTube, my Instagram and my TikTok of what was happening in the courtroom up until recess. It was just like a real quick check-in because I posted it, I was headed into court and then I got silent 'cause they take your phone. And in that video I talked about the fact that a conversation came up on whether the Diddy, Cassie, CNN video will be used. And the prosecutors mentioned that at that time that they, they're just not like, it's not something that they know that they're using right now, but it still could be used. So this person was trying to argue with me that I said the video was completely excluded. And that is not what I said.


It, what I said yesterday was what I heard with my own two ears in court and me and some of the other journalists that were actually having a conversation about it because they were confused. Like some of us took it as they said indefinitely it would not be used. And I'm like, there's no way. And then the rest of us took it for what it was where they said basically as of now, because if it's not excluded officially by a judge. And that's what Comey, the prosecutor made clear yesterday that it's not excluded. And she wanted to make that clear on the record. That means that at any point they could go back and pull that for evidence. The reason why I think that they're not gonna use that is because I feel like IIII think that they'll bring it in when Cassie and the conversation around her comes up when they wanna show and paint Cassie as this woman, you know, who was, and not even paint, but because the video shows you what it shows you.


But their narrative around Cassie would be this woman who was victimized. She was in this relationship because she had no power, she had no control physically. She was a prisoner in this relationship because what Diddy's team is gonna try and argue is that everything was consented. We've seen it. Yeah. They've literally been giving it to articles. Quick Question, I'm sorry if you mentioned this already, like can they at least describe the video in detail to them if they not gonna use it? I think that whatever they don't use, they can describe, but instead of describing it, they will wanna show it because it'll invoke more emotion. Yeah. Because, yeah, I don't know because again, I can't even find the full premise of this, this tweet for the court record. But I, I don't know how much they're gonna play or how much they're not gonna play, but I know that it's still an option for them is what I was saying yesterday.


I just think that they're gonna be very strategic about how they bring it in because they don't want Diddy's attorneys to try and say y'all are trying him for something he's not on trial for. That is unfair. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, once Emini here, we knew Emini here. Not everybody knew, but like there was inklings of the abuse towards Cassie. But once the video came out, I felt like everybody was like, oh, he did everything they said he did. I think, nah Bro. Yes. I think it was like, it's just everything was just downhill from there. Even the way he came at Cassie in the beginning and then, you know, recanted what he said. Yep. And flipped the narrative of how he apologized and how he was in a bad place in that point of his life. So I feel like that video could be detrimental and can, you know, I think it could kind of make or break the case.


But Emini here, you know, more than me. So No, I, I agree that it'll be detrimental. I just think that they have to be very particular about how they use it. Because you just don't something like a Diddy case. Like you don't want No, you want everything airtight. Like Cosby got off if you think about it on like technicalities, you know what I'm saying? Like, And I'm not comparing Bill Cosby to Diddy. I'm just thinking of a very high profile case where a person was able To, well very freaky men though. I don't see the big difference, but go ahead. Where a person was able to literally walk because of something that wasn't like, you know, I, I cross my TI dotted my I type of thing. So I think that they're gonna be very particular about how they do that. But I love the fact that the riders, and even if you're not a low rider or if you're here listening to this podcast or watching it, you are a low rider.


So welcome to the community. We happy to have you. Ain't no housewarming because it's a lot of y'all. But I like how you guys are getting involved, like everyone listening, you know, people on, on Twitter, on Instagram, whatever. Even if it, y'all trying to call me out on whatever y'all think y'all calling me out on. I'm always here for the debate and the back and forth. And the one thing I don't play about is trying to stick to a fact. If I'm ever wrong, I'll say I'm wrong. And he had that, he tweeted me and was like, Nope. I, I said, did you watch my full video? He was like, I did and you said blah, blah blah blah. Just say my bad. Thank you. So then I just responded to him with the part of the video that he said he watched where I'm saying the exact opposite of, of what he told me. I said My favorite Drop a clue bomb right there. You know what I'm saying? Like come on.


But I Emini here but not, not even in the spirit of like pettiness or anything like that. I do enjoy debates about legal things and just y'all being engaged in the content. So keep on tweeting me so we can be in the tweets. Yes. So that is it. That is all y'all. What have we learned from today's episode, Brandon? What did we learn? Diddy might be fucked. Whoa. Yeah. Pause. Yeah, I didn't pause that. I think one of the things I learned was that life is all about the pivot man. Yeah. Look at Rihanna asap and they living their beautiful lives, having their babies and ain't worried about a thing 'cause they got other business endeavors. Charlemagne ain't getting money. Yeah. Money on.


Yep. Okay. And it's inspiring to see, it's inspiring to see in a lot of ways 'cause I wanna build business, I wanna have a family. It is dope watching the up close know. I know. 'cause he is always willing to put this on game to you. Yeah. So, nah, I I, you're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.