
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne THA God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast, and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast fest. Let's,


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Exclusive, You know, she gonna lie about that Right now. Lauren Came in hot. Hey y'all, what's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Taylor's here. Here with me. Hola. And Taylor's gonna be my Patrick today. So Taylor? Yes. Oh, this Time Taylor, you be on me about making sure I do The second time. It's Time for the check-in. Yes, Yes, yes. Because If y'all don't know Taylor, Taylor made it who does all of the like audio imaging. So whenever you hear like the different segment, like the music, bringing in different segments on my show on Breakfast Club, Taylor is the producer behind all of that. She also edits all of the audio episodes that you guys are listening to.


Before we go into that, I didn't even properly introduce myself because you know, I might be some new listeners. So I'm Lauren La, I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. And this is the latest with Lauren La. So it's a daily dig into everything, pop culture and all the conversations that Shake the room, baby. Okay, now it's time for the check in. Yes. Back on the ground. Taylor, how are you feeling? How are you? How is baby pj? Do you get tired of people asking you about the baby? No, not really. Emini here, he's always doing, like lately he's just been kicking a lot. But it's exciting. It's a new chapter for me, but right now I am feeling productive.


These days are usually my busy days where I gotta get everything together. Yeah. So I'm good. How about you? I feel grateful. I feel extremely grateful. I yesterday went out to dinner, shout out to my 63 Auto Spa and ProTech family in Brooklyn. It is a, it's a auto body shop, but they also do like, they wrap your cars, customizations, all of that. And I met them through a publicist shout out to Rose here in New York. I did an event, I hosted an event for them. And we were just at dinner last night talking because we were about to start working on some card things for me. And in us having a conversation they were talking to me about, 'cause 'cause they're, because the owners are young and they were talking to me about like, just, you know, what they come from.


They were talking about, you know, the fact that like, they were super, they're best friends that own it. I thought they were in a relationship, but they're not, they're best friends. And they were talking about how they were super, super broke together, like Emini here sharing food at some point while trying to figure out, you know, their entrepreneur investor dreams. And then they got something right and they did it consistently and they did it well and they protected, you know, everything that they were working on. And now they're, they're good. They're good, good, good. Okay. Like the coin is flowing And I just, I don't know, like that conversation made me just realize how blessed I am and how grateful I am to wake up and do what I love every single day and be with people that are like, you know, like-minded and creative and like, it just feels, you know, how you feel accomplished and like, you know, progressive and all that today.


Yeah. It feels good being around people that are, are that way while things are moving and growing. So on my worst day, I feel I'm, today's not my worst day baby. Every day's a good day. It's like, no, but even on my worst day though, like, I'm just grateful. So that's how I'm feeling today. That's good. Yes. Well, you know, after we check in on the grind, we get right to it. We get to the latest. I do love to take y'all to court. You know, your girl loves to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. Now, Shannon Sharp, we've been talking about this lawsuit. I think this is like day three of us talking about the lawsuit from the podcast or The Breakfast Club to any major media outlet right now. That is what you know is being discussed. Literally, I would say less than an hour ago, there was a new audio released.


This is a audio conversation between right between Shannon Sharp and the woman who was accusing him of sexual assault and rape. This audio is really, really bad for business. Let's take a listen. You're coming to LA tomorrow? Yes. Well, I don't know why you want to go out. Don't worry about it, daddy. Well, okay. Okay. What? Well, I'm not really interested in getting choked, so I guess we're going, Yeah, I may choke you in public. Big black guy choke small white woman.


It's not a good look, Shannon. Not a good look that you did what you did to me. Okay. This is the second audio, the first audio that was released, it was like, it was bad. He, he's talking about choking the F outta her and you know, but people were trying to say, well, you know, they're into that like, what is it called BDSM where people like be hitting each other, tying each other up and all of that, and that turns them on. They're into that or they were into that allegedly and they were like text messages that dropped after that between the two that that showed that. Right. But the woman is alleging that it went beyond just, you know, this is what we like to do to turn each other on because we are involved in a sexual consensual relationship. It now goes beyond that where I'm actually physically and mentally being abused, allegedly.


And, you know, she's claiming she was raped, allegedly this audio does not give, this is what we do to turn each other on. Neither One of them did though to me. I didn't think the first one did either. There was only the, the only point in the first one that kind of did was when she was like, I don't wanna be slapped today. And I was like, does she just talk like that? Or is that like her trying to be a bit of sexy? But this one, this, this, this second audio, I was like, oh, Shannon Sharp is a dumb ass, excuse my language. But that is the, that is the only way that I can respond to this. You are Shannon Sharp. How much money is, is Shannon Sharp worth?


You are Shannon Sharp. You are one of the faces of ESPN's first take, which is a Disney company. You club Shehe, you like all of these, his liquor brand, all of these things, NFL you know, legend. All of these things tie into you for this one moment to be, this is gonna be like the, the, the conversation around him said, According to celebrity net worth, his 14 million, $14 million men according to celebrity net worth. And sometimes they get a little wrong, but you, you're a million dollar man, right? And this is what you're doing over like, I don't know, he must have been really, really comfortable with this girl because the things that are being said in these audios, it's just like, are you, I wouldn't even say that to somebody that I've known for 10 plus years and you were dealing with this girl for two and, and the way that he said in his last video that he dropped, we talked about that on the last episode that she was, she's an OnlyFans girl and she was paid, you know, to do things like, you know, the BDSM and all of that.


It's almost as if you know at, well they did say it. They said, well his lawyers alleged that at a certain point their relationship became where he was basically paying her for those things. If you know that, if, if, right. I don't know what, what is true and what's not in this situation, but the way that this is set up and the way SISs is set up, allegedly, right, according to Shannon Sharp's team, if you know that this girl is allegedly right, like now you're able to see her ande that she's someone who was just taking money for these things and you know, after all this stuff, why wasn't that a thought in your head during the time when y'all are having these conversations and you are literally on the phone predicting what your storyline is gonna be.


I Have a question though. How far were these recordings though? Like, was this, this isn't how recent are they? So for the audios, we don't know the exact timeline because they're dropping audios with no real details, like super, like a a a large amount of context. But The only reason I'm asking that is because how they're, how it pauses in the audio that they're releasing. What is that? What there's a pause In like, as in it seems like she's like, all right, I got that. Like yeah, she's planning all that. Yeah. Like she knows. Yeah, a hundred percent. But we do know that these happened after 2023. A hundred percent because she met 'em in 2023 and their relationship span from 2023, allegedly, according to her, their relationship went from 2023 to 2025.


That's recent enough. Yeah, it's at that point Shannon Sharp is still Shannon Sharp. You get what I'm saying? So there should have been like, I don't know man. Like I just think about how hard I'm working every single day to just figure all this out to, you know what Emini here to build wealth, to build ownership to, you know, perfect my voice to per to perfect my talent and to put it out there to The World to allow a misstep like that, to be the, you know what Emini here. Like I just feel like You should just listen to Monique, Monique, yes. Let's, Let's take a listen to that audio. 'cause that was interesting as well. No, 26-year-old girl, you don't need no 36-year-old girl. I don, this is your auntie talking to you. Take your ass and get your old bitch out there that can love your old, you trying to hang out with these young bitches and you, you can't do it Shannon.


You just can't Do it. Now y'all can say a lot of things about Monique, but my sweet babies, one thing she did was read Shannon Sharp down and predict everything. I Think it was a joke though. It was, but I think to me it was a joke, but it's Like, nah, but for real. But Emini here be talking about the young girls all the time. I know it's, he talks about it all the time, right? So it's, it's, it's a known thing. It's out there. So I feel like she was just trying to let her know like, yo, but also Monique is married to her baby, which what she call her to her daddy Sydnee, she's married, she's locked in. She has a, I think at a certain point you get to a point where you realize that having that security of the wife, the home, the husband or whatever, it's a protection.


But Is it how he does it is it's comes off like he's trying to, he's trying to prove Something. Yeah. Like, because you know, he's, or He's still trying to hang with the young boy. Like A hundred percent it is, it it is giving your nephew a nephew that's you. But it's the wrong way. Yeah, yeah. It comes off the wrong freaking way a hundred percent. Now I will say that Shannon Sharp's team, in response to this audio is saying that this is a very small excerpt with no dates. Yeah. See that's why I was telling y'all these audios are being dropped by Attorney Busby with no date or no full context. And he told, I told y'all what he told me yesterday, like basically y'all Shannon Sharp's team, you know, he's saying y'all released text messages and Shannon Sharp's statement and there was no real context around them.


So why can't we drop things with no context. But Shannon Sharp's rep has told TMZ who exclusively obtained this audio that there is a very, this is a very small episode with no date or context attached to it. I don't know how you get like in the audio she's saying to him, oh, that's not a good look. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I don I don't understand how you, how you get around that and, and he keeps talking about this video. I'm so nervous for this video to drop, But you said it in the last episode. Like, are they really gonna drop it because the client is in there too Well at fir?


Great question Taylor. At first I did not believe that they would drop that video because the client, it was in there, but I'm not even gonna hold you now. I feel like I wouldn't be surprised if we get certain pieces of that video. And the reason why I feel like that is because number one, if she's okay with bearing certain things and doing certain things via OnlyFans, she might be okay with this certain parts of the video. I'm sure she's not gonna have herself out there, you know what Emini here, like all butterfly legs open and all that. But certain parts of the video that get to the point she's trying to make and that don't reveal too much where like, you know, maybe it's in it's additional, you know, audio, but like you need this, see the visual as well.


I don't kind of see her having a problem with it. They've, they've beared so much already and for some reason Shannon Sharp is under the impression that this video is, is is he thinks it's coming. So Emini here, we just gonna have to, I guess wait and see, I did reach out to ESPN because you know, Shannon Sharp is on First take and Steven A. Smith had talked about, you know, the higher ups at ESPN, you know, right now just kind of looking into things and monitoring things. But I I, I don't have anything back that I'm able to use at the time, but I will keep you guys, definitely, I'll keep you guys locked. I've, I've reached out on a couple different angles because I also wanna know like, how are the brands feeling around him right now?


Like Right, he has that liquor brand that, that he, you know, he owns Liquor Brands, have distributors, distributors help you get in stores. Distributors is like how Diageo was with Diddy. There's a lot of things to figure out here. So I've been pick, I've been poking, I've been poking, I've been poking And I, I, you know, just wanting to see what's about to happen like everybody else. So stay locked because we will definitely give you the latest, the minute that I get it Now up next to the latest I think is not even think I know is a family that you guys are gonna know. But that I think will also resonate with my like grateful gratitude feeling that I talked about at the top of the podcast. So Miss Tina knows she dropped her book Matriarch. It is Out now. So she's been doing some interviews and she's also been releasing excerpts from her book now in the book she talks about.


And, and she revealed when she sat down with People Magazine that she had battled stage one breast cancer. She battled it. She has recovered from it. She is good now in battling the stage one breast cancer. One of the things that, you know, she talked about was the fact that Beyonce, Kelly Rowland and Solange were her support system through all of this. And that struck home for me because if you don't know, I talk about it often because we're through it now. It's really tough to talk about when you're in it, but my mom is a stage four cancer survivor. My mom had cancer in her lung and then it spread to her brain when it spread to her brain. That's how we even caught it because her functions like her ability to like just feed herself and things like that were slowing down.


And I thought that it was a stroke because at the time we had been going back and forth to the hospital because she wouldn't stop having strokes. But when we got there, they were like, I remember the day, like it was literally yesterday, I can still feel how I felt. They came in the room and was like, we found a mass in your mom's brain. And I was like, what do you mean? And instantly when you hear something like that, because I didn't know, like I knew about like stages of cancer and things of that nature, but like, not as much as I learned after that. But like, I just, I don't know, like I, you instantly think the worst you do. And I remember going out and, you know, I had to tell my mom because when they came in the room to tell me my mom was sleeping And I went in the bathroom 'cause I didn't wanna wake her up And I just broke down crying.


Like it was bad. Like I literally, 'cause you instantly think, you think deaf, like especially you hear stage four, right? You know what Emini here and then you look it up and you see how like people talk about stage four cancer and just all of these things and man, like that was the darkest, that was probably the darkest, one of the darkest days of my life. But that period of her battling, it was the darkest time I've ever experienced in my life. So when I heard Ms. Tina Knowles talk about Beyonce, Kelly and Solange being her support system, I'm like, wow, I don't know if I could have went through what I went through with my mom and been a Beyonce or been a Kelly Rowland or been a Solange. Like I don't, I I just, I, I don't know, I just don't know how I would've been able to get through that because at this time, right, they're, they have their careers, right?


You know what Emini here, things are happening, things are moving and it's just, it's a lot to deal with. She didn't really get, you know, I think some of the things she's, you know, keeping personal and she probably also too wants you to actually go and read the book. But I, I, I know with stage one or like, 'cause stage zero is a thing as well too, your early detection. So, you know, like normally like it doesn't physically deteriorate you as much, but there are women whose bodies react to early stages differently. Like I know women who've been staged like super early stage, but have still had to like cut their hair from breast cancer and you know, things like that because once they start doing the chemo, but it's a very, it's a very physical battle because of what the body goes through. But it's when, when you are the, like I tell people this all the time, there's nothing in this world that I could go up against that I, that I would feel like could stop me from getting, getting over like over that hump and getting, getting to whatever the end goal is or the solution.


Because when you are a a, a child of a parent with a terminal disease or a terminal illness like cancer, you're preparing for death in real time. It was just so much that I was preparing, figuring out funeral stuff when I was talking to her about, I had never talked to my mom about her funeral and what she would, what she wants that to be like years and years and years and decades from now when that happens. But like even down to like the song she want to, songs she wanted played and you know, just different things and like, it really, like there's nothing that I can not do after dealing with something like that. Yeah. It's like a feeling that like, I can't even describe and like now I understand when like when other people talk to me and they say like, you know, people who've actually lost their parents when they say like you, you never really get over it and you don't know how to, you don't know how to tell people how you feel about it because it's really one of them things that like if you're not in it, like me and my brother are probably, and my grandmother, because my grandmother was going through it, through it with us too and my grandfather got rest.


His soul was going through it with us too. But me and my brother had a different connection at that time because no one understood how we felt. Yeah. Because it was our mom and we're there and I'm there and you know what, Emini here and we're at the hospital and we're staying like, it was just different. I cannot imagine being Beyonce, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like there's no, you know, luckily they had privacy where we didn't figure this out, but imagine all, everything they had to go through just to have that privacy. Yeah. There's a lot of doctor's visits. There's a, like, I, I just can't imagine that. But in me hearing her say that she had them there with her to be able to support her through that, it does make you feel good because I think that that was the biggest thing I learned about the whole medical system and the cancer battle.


You gotta have an advocate. Like I was my mom's advocate. I was telling them like, Nope, that's not right. Go check this. But when they first found my mom's brain cancer, they couldn't figure out where it was coming from. And at stage four, that means it traveled from somewhere. I remembered a conversation I had with one of the nurses And I always look to this day, I look at all of my mom's notes in her charts, all of her test results. I read everything. I taught myself that because I, I had to, I remember there being a small mass that they taught me not to worry about. And I was like, I remembered the date. I remembered everything. I went back in her file, I found the date I found like I I I took it to the doctor And I said, Hey, can you guys go back and look at these skins? I think the cancer is gonna be in her lung or somewhere near this.


Because they went back and they were like, that was, that's it. It was lung, it's lung cancer. But imagine if my mom didn't have a me. Right. You know what I'm saying? Where they couldn't really figure that out and it took them time And, and time is everything. When you talk about terminal illnesses, like you, you don't have time. You gotta act so fast. So you need advocates, you need people in there speaking for you, speaking up for you. Please take a listen. Go go listen to the full interview on people. I know we, we played a bit of it here, but go listen to that full interview with Miss Tina. It really resonated with me. Like it really, I don't know, I just have a, I have a different feeling for cancer survivors 'cause I know what that journey is like.


Right. Well yeah, that has been the latest. Now before we get on outta here, y'all know, we like to take it to the streets, to the tweets. You for the tweets. We outside, we outside every other page goal. I tweet this every day. I just, I just felt like this was something good to close on. This is not, you know, our typical where like you guys are responding to something that I posted a lot of times. Y'all respond to this though, but I tweet almost daily. God will never forget about you. A daily reminder. And in a lot of these moments where, you know, things is all haywire, things are all hectic. You know, you figuring out health, you figuring out legal situations like man I'm them places is real dark and they can get real dark.


But you know, I I like to always think back to like what my spiritual and my faith journey is. And I think that that's where my sense of gratitude comes from so much too. Because it's like I've actively seen And I, I talk about God a lot. I've actively, actively seen God work so much in my life. Like from my mom being a stage four cancer survivor. To me, you know what Emini here doing what I'm doing. But when I hear stories like Miss Tina knows, I'm like, man, God, don't forget about nobody. Do we like he show up right when he's supposed to show up? I can't apply a lot of that to the Shannon Sharpe situation because I don't know what's happening on over there. I don I don I don't know if that is Lucifer or if that is God, but someone will determine it and it won't be Me.


I don a lesson. So if Shannon Sharp makes it out, go towards your age group. Like, because you shouldn't have been messing with her in the first time. So if Shannon Sharp makes it out, go towards celibacy. That's It. Okay. Just go. Just go where they don't go. Okay, Shannon sharp. Go towards celibacy if you get up out of this one. All right. Unc scare straight program period. Because listen, face Getting older. 'cause I feel like he's not trying to face that. A lot of people don't though. Yeah. But I think men have it really tough with that. Women is hard on us too. But men got this thing, man, y'all go do some crazy things when y'all feel like y'all getting older. Like that girl looks like she is a college freshman.


Yeah. Like, but and that's what I'm saying though. Like that was kind of, it's ridiculous. It's ridiculous, Shannon. Yes, very much so. Well y'all, I, yeah, I I think that's what we learned from this episode. What do you think we learned from this episode? God's always watching Child. God would keep, well teach you and he Gonna teach you And humble you. He will. And and in those moments where good or bad, when, when he's always watching and, and you getting humble, Its Happening For You, Not To You. That is what I used to tell myself. Even it's gonna sound crazy, but when my mom was going through her battle, I, And I was like, things were all over the place. I was like, man, this is not happening to us.


This is happening for us. I don't understand it right now, but when we get out of it, it's going to, I don't know, there's gonna be some clarity or some some sense of peace. And I've since gained Dbb. So yes to you. Emini here for you, not to you. And God is always watching. Now that has been another episode of the latest with Lauren, the Rosa, the podcast. I tell you guys this all the time and I'm gonna keep doing it because Emini here it, you could be anywhere with anybody talking about these things. 'cause at the end of the day, there's always a lot going on. But y'all choose to be right here with me And I appreciate you guys so much for that. I'm Lauren La the home girl that knows a bit about everything. And everybody, this has been another episode. Taylor baby pj. Yeah. Thank you for joining me. Signing out y'all.


See you in the next episode. I.