
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler Bose, open Abus or Stylish. The Color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill Diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next step, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional Fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


You understand? I can put anything I want that telling you 4, 5, 6. That's what I'm saying. So you as a consumer, you gonna watch it. Not consumer as I'm saying, as somebody watching my platform, if I put 85 South and number six And. I, it ain't even, it ain't even came out yet. You just said that. I said the hard numbers, the demographics behind the scenes. Okay. When someone, there's value to every viewer. There's a ad company that wants to se sell something to every person that clicks on the 85 South podcast Netflix show. You are looking at it in a small scope. I'm looking at how Netflix looking at it. They're selling that data bro.


Does Netflix try to, does Netflix own that content or y'all own it? What content that y'all did for them? Did they pay y'all for it Or I might as well enjoy yourself. You know your car getting broke into tonight. So will it be on the 85 app, I guess is my question. At some point I give Chappelle 40 million because they're saying listen, we want to own this. We don't want to play the game where you You know own it and we want to give you 40 and we want it. Is that okay? Do you believe that that's what that best, what's being reported? Shit don't. Kevin would report, who would report that? Think about how it work. Netflix, why would they want to do that?


Because they don't want you to be unreasonable and think it's a $40 million number on a comic without it being ownership on their side. They don't just pull numbers out. I don that And I got deals everywhere. I No, but the way that you say it, you going mislead people and make them think that. They just tell me what I said that to Ms. Lisa that they gave that man that money. Nah, come on man. They know what I'm talking about. In business, they don't give nobody shit. You think that? Yeah, I'm talking about why they came and offered him $40 million. Anybody that's be below that standard, don't watch this show. You gotta understand that that ain't, we don't even know if that's the number. Whatever the number is, we know they're interested in owning the content on that platform.


Because I hear comics time and time again speak to that big comics, speak to yo, the reason why the front end is so much is 'cause they're interested in owning it and not showing the numbers. Not even giving you real data as to what it done. They'll you on the business side bro, I'm talking about That's what I'm trying to get you to understand, bro. Listening numbers, demographics and and things. Fuck the numbers. That's what dude, you're not listening. Yeah, I'm never saying the numbers. That's why on YouTube and things, you can't have fake views and certain things because they'll, they auditing this because they're selling ads against it. So what happens is Netflix is taking that hard data that they're telling you is useless and it's unfortunate that you are this high in the business and thinking this data is useless when this data is so important.


You look, you not even hearing what I'm saying. I ain't giving, I'm listening. Go ahead. They give a fuck what you watching on there. Or they want you to have this account. Who? The the company. Hell yeah. You think they give a what you watch they don't fucking right. I do. You can have a Netflix account and never watch nothing. You don't watch Netflix every day. I think there's extreme value in what is actually being watched on Netflix to feel like we win When I black people, we are slaves of symbols. No we not. We gotta stop thinking like this. No, this is the proof bro. We spend all our money in the consumer market Who believed Why Google it?


Why? Because we slaves of symbols. So what I'm saying is we're slaves to the consumer market and symbolisms. I don't believe that. Tell me how, give me a, give me something and something indicator that says we're not because there is no we they spend billions of dollars on weave every, every year. Black women do. That's their business. Of course that's their business. But I'm telling you that they don't need weave. They buy this is fake hair, horse hair. Some bull. That's what they want. Of course. But I'm It's free will you ain't listening to me. Yes, I'm You can't be a hypocrite on the platform. No, I ain't a hypocrite. Yes you are because you just said we slaves and you the one bought all them chain. If I was a hypocrite, I'd say y'all you said we that mean I'm not a hypocrite.


Well that's what I'm saying. Everybody see that? But what I'm saying is if I say we that mean I'm not a hypocrite. If I say y'all that mean I'm separating from y'all. Well why are you yelling at them? Who's yelling? But what I'm When you saying we are slaves, people gonna hear that and be like, what the fuck is you talking about? No they're not. No, but what I'm saying is there is no way to universally speak for all black people who said that. I'm, what I'm saying is like you can't say they spend a billion dollars on weed. I think you do. You got a phone or Google? Yeah, you need to spend some time on it. If black women stop spending money on weave, what would happen? Well nothing If they have no direction with what to do and if and if us as black men don't accept them with their natural hair.


Okay, so if black men stop by. So this is the overall problem again we are slaves. This is he Now niggas wanna lu me to death. Sal Lom. Yeah, exactly. That's my man Lo, that's my man too. Both Lom old Lone Lo. Okay, okay, okay. All ops must You know it is up there and it's stuck there nigga, when it's up there man it's stuck there. Shut up. But y'all don't give that, y'all give take care of the business. And then these dudes, they all is tycoons. So You know me if I'm not careful, this could slip away. You know. So I gotta be You know I'm, I'm, I'm paying attention 'cause I got all these deals bro.


You gotta think. I don't even got a co-host. I got the same deals everybody else got with the same ad companies. I got it all. I got audio deals, video deals, paton deals, I got prize picks, I got the same things across the board. Right. So I gotta maintain that all that without even a cohost. So my intensity is through the roof. Yeah, you gotta stay away. Yeah. And that's why we finna talk about just the whole them together, all of that then hit him solo. It's like bro you gotta for me, I'm out on the island with this like trying to figure it out. Which is working. I'm doing well bro. In every, every aspect of this.


But I'm cognizant that like now we are talking about your boy. What's up G? Look are Jeremiah Phillips 18 months ago popping, popping, popping. I gotta keep having good conversation like this one. Like when I sit with 50 Cent like when I sit with all these I got to have these. Got to be man. You been talking to 50? No I got him on the calendar. Oh okay. Yeah I got him on the calendar now. Yeah. I ain't holler at 50 yet. Yeah we, I had brief in actions with 'em. Yeah he came to a couple shows.


I know he with you. Yeah he gave, he most definitely got to. Yeah he gotta come in here and talk some shit with us too though. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I hope we get the right version of 50 cent though. I got see like a lot of my now when they get 50 on the show they be wanting to hear the business man. Yeah I need to hear the from from the street. Yeah because his street knowledge just as good as the business as the business side. Like they want to talk that used to You know them little clips he used to drop on World Star like see You know what's wrong with you. You nigga always be waiting on us do something the is wrong with you grown ass man you got two legs and two feet get your like that type of shit like it the the they might not choose the best words but I find the motivation and inspiration in all types of shit.


Like Right just mother from the culture bro. Yeah like with that moment at the end of one of them I think it's the hate mob video. Jim Jones just come out in the full length fur reaching the coat pocket pull out bigs water of money. Like as a young saying that Yeah. Turned you that shit turned me up. Yeah. That shit really with my, with my psychology of how I wanted this shit to go like oh you could be a and still get that paper. Yeah like the word man Man like all that I like now that I'm grown And I look back, all that stunned that he did in them rhymes. That was a specific version like that tailored for me. Like you don't have to do it like a rapper do it but the mother that's trying to inspire you to get some more, you really gotta be able to take the message from that.


Yeah. Yeah. I still love to see shit like that. Me too. Like I love when Sexy red be out and then she pull her stacks out. You get what I'm every time like most people think she's just being ignorant. But you think like when You know what that what she doing, she know how she's really talking to people who don't have that platform. And. I don't mean to say that she's ignorant. I'm just saying You know that's Percept. That's the perception. Right, right. Yeah. But no we relate to that. That turned us up like you gotta see it some shit. You gotta see Yeah man like all the talk and all that. Fuck motherfuckers be wanting to see okay I did this And, I got that paper. Yeah sometimes you just gotta, you gotta see it. Yeah And with 50 Man I think he's valuable asset to the culture.


For real. For real. Like hell, hell yeah he's valuable. Hell yeah that nigga man I'm talking about he go to talking and it's like oh his impact was crazy when he came out and it's just the whole allure of him being shot that many times. People just wanted to hear what he had to say. So did Yeah like like he was gonna drop a message from the other side You, know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was a hell, hell of Allure bro. Yeah man. Then he played into a Bulletproof vest Bulletproof and he ain't let us down yet. He showed Likehe ain't went out bad once. He ain't let us down here. Even the the public shit that You know that be considered like business flops or failures but it's like that's just part of the game man. He still up.


He ain't went out bad. You get what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah he and and to had win against Giants. Yeah because he challenged Jay and them still to this day. Did it? Yeah. Fought. I ain't buying out for none of them fought man he fought for that spot 'cause he saw, he was like y'all just gonna let two niggas get money. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna get a bill without them niggas. Right. That's the important part. Yeah. I'm gonna do it without them niggas and I'm gonna do it in a different way to them niggas. Yeah Like just think about that because coming through Rap saying fuck Jay-Z is like pissing where you live at. Yeah. You can't come and be challenging. Jay-Z and Diddy and in New York. Right. And against Murder Inc.


At the time. Like he come through that shit. He fought for what he got. He did. He did. That boy fought for what he got and he, he stood on it ain. And he said he ain't let a nigga down once. He ain't let us down. Ain't nobody took nothing from him. Ain't nobody done slap him. He went out bad once. Ain't that cra. Right. Right. He might be the only rapper nigga that done kicked that high level gangster shit like that. Nah he you can't say that 'cause then there's too many that you'll beat Overlooked that done went that far. That ain't went out bad. Amen. Shit. Gimme some more shit. Ho ho didn't kick that high level gangster talk though. It's the fuck he did. I been shot nigga I'm with Guy. This nigga look, if it's beef cocked and dump it, the drummer really mean nothing to me.


I ride by and blow your brains out. Think about much shit. Murder Murder. Think about how much shit Hove him rapped about. Right. And think about just how much shit you done learned about his life over the years that You know is a fact that you You know what I'm saying? Like he don't shy away from it but thinking how much shit he ain't never spoke of. Right. But that makes it different 'cause 50 coming out saying I shoot up your mama house nigga and make your ass look for me. Like he ain't talking about hustling at this time. He was straight grimy on some. I'm talking about that level of gangster shit bro. When a nigga coming saying if it's beef what he say? But that's what I'm saying like didn't you shook that's not a character that he created.


I know he used he he played that. Yeah. Yeah. Shit. But then you usually go out mad though. Usually we catch the rap nigga that kicked that kinda shit. They done caught him and kicked him in the ass somewhere down the, in his career. I well yeah he done got somebody done beat on him. Like even Suge after so long you get knocked out after so long. Like you gotta keep it like I I don't think you can only look at shit like that type of shit one way though. Like nigga the baddest motherfuckers then got knocked out. And I'm not saying that wrong. That don't mean that you ain't still a bad motherfucker. Fuck but what I'm saying knocked out, I mean dethroned and when we say 50 never went out bad, we not even talking about took a loss.


We spoke to him having bankruptcies and things like that that that's business. Right. But them can be considered losses to people who don't have division that we have to understand where he's at. What I'm saying that's well that's from the outside looking in. Right. People don't understand how you protect your your business assets. Exactly. Shit like that. It ain't like that's a failure. That's just how you protect the money and shit you already got. But what I'm saying is he hasn't been dethroned. At least that's what I mean when I say he never went out bad. I ain't that's what I, he never went out but, but I'm saying most niggas they at some point like Suge, when I say he was knocked out it ain't 'cause he lost a fight. I'm saying the atmosphere around Suge changed to where he was now dethroned from that scary.


He still Suge Knight. He still Suge Knight but not that scary. This the fuck he is. Nah, they knocking, they stay hitting on him Carlo. I know it but if niggas, they wouldn't dare hit Suge in the nineties bro. Shit they, they tried. It was a few motherfuckers that in the nineties. Yeah. Suge had ops the whole time. Yeah he had ops. But I'm talking about catch him down there at the club and try to knock him out. Shoot him have him up here at the thing where he running niggas over trying to get away. No like bro wasn't even like, what do you think happened in Las Vegas? They was trying to kill him too. No, he come up there to try to bargain to get in on the video hill. No, what I'm saying, I'm talking about the night Pac got killed, they gonna kill him too.


They was shot at the car. They wasn't aiming at one person. He got hit up too but that was been got hit up a lot of times. But that's a direct viola. That's what I'm telling you. That's what I'm saying. Right. But for a minute, no that's just, that's just


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024 the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. What question remains? Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Ready, Set Shop. The Black Friday sale at Ulta Beauty is on up to 50% off the best gifts now through November 30th, starting Tuesday, November 26th. Snag $12 mascara from brands like Fenty and Tart plus $12 lips from brands like NARS and Kylie Cosmetics. But of course I had to show out with the Mac maximal silky matte lipstick. Then I top that off. I love a little glitter with the morphy shade thrower eyeshadow palette. Get all the best gifts all at Ulta Beauty.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hello, it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home, the hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com and grab your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW group void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


Playing the game. Like ain't nobody gonna just let you bully them and not do nothing back. But if you in the game 50 cent ain't been dethroned. He been bullied but he ain't just walked around and slapped motherfuckers. They done had fights and he done took they money from 'em. That's worse. If I were Young Buck them, I have probably tried to kill that nigga. But you don't. That's you, you feel me? That's you done took millions from me versus slapping me. That's only watching that shit from the fan point of view. Fault. Can't think about it from the business. I'm think I don't, I'm not defending either side. Right. What I'm saying, what I'm saying is if you are in the business side, him he didn't take shit. I can't say that he took nothing Right to, but what I'm saying is if I could crash 85 South You, know how much of an arch enemy I am to you.


What saying if I come and make these people, but what I'm saying, if I signed you the 85 South Yeah. And shit didn't work out. And I still continue to make millions of dollars like they did at G Unit. You can leave here and say they fucked my money up. They took my money 'cause they still got it nigga we had the money before we signed you. No, but see, so if you come over here and your shit don't work out, that don't mean that I took nothing from you that just mean you wasn't able to use the infrastructure that I created to create this money. This is revisionist history on the business side. Nah, this revisit is history. Okay. You know too much about hip hop. Dude, I know you hip hop listen, Young, Buck and 50 cents situation in particular 50 was putting it out to ruin him.


His career. He was kept on. That's what 50 do. He used his platform to say he he he embarrasses you. He like, he puts stuff out to diminish your value in the marketplace. And that to me is worse than us fighting. I can take a fight from a man I don't know, but to make me go from selling 200,000 my first week to 2,500 my first week you done crashed my company. Nobody should be able to do that. Well everything in this business is on perception, especially with a rapper. Not for y'all and not for me. We hard numbers and, and listens and things like that with rappers. They live on perception. So once we view you as not the guy that we thought you were, it affects, it affects the business all.


So this is the argument that I've been hearing from the 50 cents Act. If you came out and you went platinum and you sold all these records, right? And you, you tied up on the business side, when you, when you successful, you going, you want all the credit for your success. You gotta take the same credit when you not successful or when you stumble or when you fail or when you flopped. It can't be, oh I did this shit by myself. When you come out in your first G unit debut, you sell a million. Right? And then when you come out and say fuck them and then you, you sell 2,500 copies. But that's the a that's nobody's fault but yours.


But the arrogance of men and the crowd. See sometimes the crowd will make you think you bigger than you are. You could deal with the crowd saying, yo, you don't need them niggas man, why you be with them nigga? Yo bro, you out nigga 85 side nigga together. Man you don't gotta be on tour with them Nigga Carlo go by yourself bro. You you don't need them nigga. But you a OG veteran. It don't affect you. But we talking about a, a young nigga come out of 'cause see here's the thing. Even when I sit with 50, we not talking about Young Buck, right? No. This is just a hypothetical. Yeah. But but it's but it's just a situation for me and you. 'cause I think it's so much information just in that altercation between the two. Right.


You know what I'm saying? From a business perspective it's like yo, I believe him had crashed his company. I believe him to had literally affected how the marketplace views this guy along with what he's done. But I think 50 was hammering it down. No, but you gotta keep in mind this too and filing lawsuit, I think fifty's argument from the way I hear it from interviews and the way that he like disputes the claims or whatever. I'm not defending nobody. I'm just telling you what I hear on both sides. I'm hearing that he says, Hey, if I gave you a, a opportunity and I'm telling you I'm taking you where I'm going. You, you meeting the Vitamin Water people, you meeting the Reebok people You know the Louis Vuitton people.


I done took you to the Nike people. You mean to tell me you ain't had no hustle about yourself where you couldn't create no more lanes. Exactly. I got these clothes. You ain't put, you ain't so you ain't tried to jump in and throw nothing on or wasn't nothing in the video. I got this liquor. You wanna drink this other liquor for free. You ain't trying to, you are not making yourself an asset. I got all these avenues where you can get paid and all you wanna do is rap you not on social media. You ain't out here trying to help sell no tickets. You just leaning on me to pay you. That would be the argument. Right? And, I, And I agree with 50 in that. And you feel what I'm saying? Because the, the truth of the matter is, is is this.


I think that's the thing. He wanted them, he wanted all the artists that didn't find success over on his platform to to create more revenues for themselves. You got the light, you with the hottest nigga in the game. You supposed to be able to parlay that into other opportunities for yourself. The rapper though, you should be able to like if I'm putting you on this platform right, you talented. I believe in your talent. I fuck with your raps. If you got a hit and you want me on it, I'm gonna get on it. But until you bring me something I can't just get on bullshit 'cause I'm your homeboy. Right. Bring me some shit that could be a hit. Yeah. Now, now let's make some money 'cause You know hit records make money. Yes. When motherfuckers make something that that's going, when it's viral, when it's a hit, when you're trending, that's what people want.


You supposed to be able to use the resources to make that. So if you don't take advantage of the resources and I'm out here getting up every day. I'm in the office, I'm in the studio, I'm working on music, I'm calling, I'm calling people for you setting up shit and you ain't showing up and I'm spending the money. You on my dime. But every time I go and some shit go for me. You supposed to get some 'cause I got some We still working right. Work. Right. I'm with you on that. But and and also here's the thing though. When I examine the rapper that usually come from a low income environment, I usually see them go and get with someone like a 50 cent or get in this industry and then they double back and they first objective is to shine on the hood.


This the thing, this is the thing as an artist, that's the price you pay for having to go through another artist. If a artist came up and they grind they shit up and they got their own record label situation, it's not their responsibility to go and put you on this a business. Yes. They looking for people who we can market, who we can make money off of right now or in the next few years. You got talent, you just a little rough around the edges. You just need to be in a real studio. You need to be around some business. I'm gonna try and take you out the hood but as soon as you put that money in they pocket, they go right back to the hood to shine.


But there ain't no no return on investment because what happens is, at least what I think is that they try to show the hood that I'm no longer like y'all. You saw I'm saying or go back and say we made it. I'm we made it. Yeah we made it. It might be we made it right but at the same time, like if it's we made it, why you keep pulling up in the Bentley? Don't nobody else got nothing or you keep pulling up in the Rolls Royce the same way that you, you don't have no responsibility to make sure nobody else, everybody is grown so we ain't done nothing. But it's not necessarily we That's what I'm telling you. It's somebody from right here who had the same opportunities as you. I got up every day with you.


I went to school with you every day. You sat beside me. I spent the night at your grandma house. We ate the same food. Yes we spent the same summers in this regular motherfucker. You had the same opportunity that I had. Yes. Yeah. So if I got a, if I'm, if success to me look like a Bentley, why should I buy a Suburban so you can have something? But that's why it don't look like we when they come back. So when they come back it look like I made it not we made it. So when they show up with the, I made it talk. What happens is nigga they become a target. Now I try to keep myself as a artist. You became a target when you left. Of course it ain't about what you came back with. Yeah it is.


No it's not. Because you could, you can't be a target as soon as you, soon as you made it out hood a frame to be a target though. As soon as you left the hood you became a target. I'm I to reach though. No you're not. I your people still stay right there. You gonna come home eventually. That's true When you left. That's true. Whether you left on good terms in your hood or bad terms. That's true. Oh you better than us 'cause you left. That's true. You think you the shit 'cause you moved to such and such. Oh you went to oh you don't fuck with us no more. That's true whether you got it or not. That's true. That's true. Your people still there. Do You know how many of them guys go to the league or, or or go get that rap money or go get that business real estate money and go back and say Mama we made it.


I'm finna move you outta here. And she looking right in the face and saying no the fuck you ain't because I ain't going nowhere. I don't know nothing else. It ain't, I ain't never wanted this the house I wanted. I raised my kids here. This is it for me. I ain't going nowhere. I, there's plenty of people who don't never want to, who parents don't wanna move out that house. Yeah, that's true. Grannys and all. So sometimes even if your money right, you can't move your people 'cause they don't want to move. That's the thing. Granny don't want move. Sometimes I don want that big. I don't want to do all that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm gonna do it for you gran. I'm gonna get you. I don't want to, I don't want all that. You definitely got that, that vibe out there.


It's a lot of people like that who don't who even if they hit that lick, they not leaving the hood leaving whenever they playing that. That's crazy. But it makes sense too. 'cause I know them people, I know them people man. But see they as a rapper it's a little different bro because even the OG rappers like Boost. They say yo get that money. Get from dying there because even if your intentions is pure, the circumstances is rare. Man you done put yourself amongst Kings man and you just don't drink beer around wine sips. Man. Now that's the thing about it.


You don't even have to be a rapper. Look at it on a smaller scale you could just be a nigga who work for the city, whoever Saturday when he ain't at work or You know you like to fix up cars, you like to go to the car show, take your dog out, let the kids run around, throw a little something on the grill, put your chain on, get put your, put your You. Know what I'm saying? Put your shit on. Yeah. Put your outfit on. Be yourself. Just 'cause you a nigga with a clean air caught on the east side. Do you not understand there's some more niggas on the east side that hate you for that? Of course. But what I'm saying is you gonna have, you gonna have but he don't face the leaving Paul. We talking, you gonna have enemies no matter what it is you doing in life or where it is you stay.


But the coming back Paul bro the the leaving and going to get something that they feel like they can't attain and they coming back. I don't know. It's a little rough. I don't know what it is feeling when you go home. What feeling You know motherfucker. Some motherfuckers is just natural born haters facts. That's it. That's literally what they put here to do. Facts. They are born, they it is just, it is internal. Lemme see the astray. Yeah it is in that hate come from deep down inside. Yeah. Right. No matter what, what they got going on. They ain't never gonna like what the next person doing. Shit. Same way. Motherfucker kill coach cheese. Man I'm cool. Hot man. Just as he was about to go to school and he was that nigga bro.


Bro, that's how it be fucked up out here. But you need it. That's the balance. That's a fact man. That's that's that's the opposite side of this shit. That's a fuck. You gonna get a whole lot of love. But even if you get a little bit of hate, it's gonna still be heavy. It's gonna be heavy man that that hate. But you need that, that fuel to keep going. And knowing that you ain't perfect yet. Will you ever be though? Nah. So are you striving for it knowing you won't be it? Nah. I mean I think you have to try to strive to be perfect. So even when you fall short, you at least try hard enough to be a good person You know what I'm saying?


Yeah. Like you'll never be perfect but you can be good. Right. You can definitely be a good person or a great person. Excellent. But you'll never be perfect. Right. Because God made us imperfect. Yeah. Like there's, you can never, the most you could be is a 99, you'll never be a hundred. Right. Yeah. Welcome this up itsuptherepodcast. I go by big long. Your active and attractive host man. We already been rolling but I do want to introduce itsuptherepodcast today. I got a tycoon in the comedian space. A tycoon in itsuptherepodcast content space. A actor. The guy is all over the place and killing shit.


I got karlousmiller. What's going on? What's he in? I appreciate you going on Lon. Appreciate you appreciate. Nah, I appreciate you having me bro. It's always, always dope to chop it up with and go back and forth and have verbal combat and shit. Yeah, I love it bro. Yeah. You one of the only guys that I be like, yo bro got those ideas like me like where it's like, yo, you done thought about a number of things. Most definitely And I find that in people that do comedy a lot You know what I'm saying? I find that people that in comedy, at least the people I bump into and that I've studied, they have a lot of thoughts and opinions on things. Yeah. 'cause comedy will change your, your brain chemistry, the way that you think about things.


And then you just, once you learn how to like start filtering life, real life through like your creative process, you look at everything different. I don't even know if that makes sense to people who don't do that but do. To me it's just like creative people. They just, the way you see things like artists look at life different like people who can paint, people who can draw or You know what I'm saying? People who do stuff with they hands who can build shit. They just have a different little level that they could take shit. Like people who could do math in they head, they could just take it to another level that regular people don't. And once you start looking for the humor, even in the the worst situations, it'll just change your whole perspective on shit.


I have so many. Like you spend your time just having, like you said, your own thoughts and Yeah. Being in your own world. So yeah. Just having your own opinion when something pop up. Yeah. I always like to wait and just see what happened first. 'cause I love to go back to the You know how like when it be some shit and it'd be like mass hysteria or like somebody trending or some shit or whatever the situation is. I always like to like hold up, hold up, don't say nothing yet. Wait, wait, wait. 'cause it's always going be, that's when the most ridiculous stuff come out. I do that because remember when Covid came out, they was like, You know black people can't get that shit. That's like what? Yeah. I love that part bro. I I do that on purpose. Right. So with like pop culture, I have a side of itsuptherepodcast I do with no guess where it's just me and the camera.


Yeah. You need shit like that. And so when I do that, I talk about topics but I always wait 'cause I don't even want to be involved in the click bait shit. Yeah. I don't wanna be involved and then I want to have a opinion that's like formatting on it. I don't want to be swayed by what everybody's saying right now. Because when you listen to these opinions come out, they usually along the same lines when stuff like that happens, it's like everybody's kinda saying the same thing. It's just he dropped his podcast on Monday. He dropped Tuesday, he dropped. They all saying the same fucking thing. But You know what's crazy is though, like as you get deeper into the, the industry or the entertainment world, it ain't until one of those stories pop out that you really know what really happened to make you look at all that shit.


Totally different You know what I'm saying? It's like when some shit come out and it's something that's close to somebody that You know or people that's involved or things that you heard about prior to it coming out. You like why it's coming out now. This old, this happened, damn, this shit old. Right. Damn. That ain't what happened. Right Then you be like, oh they got a, they got a puss, some sauce on it spinning it. Yeah. Yeah. It's ridiculous And it's fucked up that that's the way that we have to be entertained. And I think it's like that shit. That type of shit is okay and it's acceptable but it can't be our source of real news. Exactly. Like our entertainment can't be our news. But they've got it mistaken because they don't understand.


See we went from, we think that just get informed. We don't understand we're misinformed on a lot of stuff. Yeah. Because they think it's better than having no information or dis informed. Right. We're told that you dumb if you don't know nothing. So just tell me something. Yeah. And like I said, that can't be our entertainment can't be our news. Right. Because shit, it is, it's just like having vegetables on the plate. We might not always like it, but we need to hear real shit. That's facts. We don't need to just hear the sauce. Right. We need to hear the real shit. So we can really make honest opinions about how we move forward as a culture, as a people, as a race. How can we prevent some shit from happening if we just keep getting the the hyped up sensationalized version.


Like give us the whole facts of this shit and You know what, that's why when I had these conversations on the part, I I like to just have conversation. I don't like, I I don't talk to people who, certain people that are ask me, yo, what what's the questions? Or something like that. I don't even talk to them. Yeah. I don't really like, I think that's one thing that's getting overlooked. We don't do a lot of interviews. Right. Sometimes we just be wanting to have real life organic conversations and sometimes you can, when it's somebody you a fan of and you got interview type questions or You know shit that you always wanted to ask him. You are asking him, but it ain't like you gotta, so tell me how what were You know what I mean? Well, unanswered questions. Yeah. Things that hasn't been answered yet, but to bring somebody in and like so how did you, yo that's not what we on, how did you start the 85?


Yeah. Come on bro. Like that. It's so much. That's not what we doing. Yeah. We're too unique for that. We're too impactful. But sometimes you need to do that so because you be, you on different platforms and they have different audiences. Right. And you can be, you do have to be introduced to shit like that. But, but, but, but we do introduce it but it's not the layered introduction the way they do it. So how does it do this? So how did you do this? So how did you, it's like it's a, it's a overarching introduction of what we're talking about. Yeah. And then we dig into whatever we're talking about on it. But you answered a lot of these questions that, that people ask over and over about some of these things. It's cool. I mean of course, but whatever they wanna know.


Yeah. But I think podcasting is, at least on this side, I try to bring something What we just have a, a natural conversation and Well you had a lot of good guests on. You was getting, you was going back and forth with Dr. Omar and shit. Yeah. Man, you gotta got some intense moments. Yeah. Yeah. That was a good one. Man. That's hard man. Appreciate. Keep doing your thing bro. Yeah. Now we build And, I love to see different outlets. I love to see different interviews and You know, just get different perspectives. When I'm at the crib and I'm just chilling, I click on everybody's shit just to see You know what I'm, I know you, you consume a lot man. Yeah. You know all the rap niggas that come in up. You be knowing shit bro. I'm still a fan of the, of the culture of You.


Know what I'm saying? I get to look at the shit as a grown ass man now. Right. And really just You know like okay I see what they doing. Right. See what they're doing. Yeah. There's some things. Yeah. I think that Dr. Omar man, for me it kind of changed how I look at things now. 'cause I said oh what you mean with the content world, right. There's niches, there's things that only certain people can do. Well You know And I. Think if I can polish my live show 'cause that was a live show, that was a sold out live show. Yeah. With me and him. And I think if I can polish that and, and do that. Right. I think that's, it's something there.


You know what I mean? Yeah. I just think And I, And I saw a lot of people adopt that You know, adopt certain elements of even that conversation and reference that conversation when they speak with Omar. Yeah. They booked him after that. Like a lot of people referenced that. Like, yo man I saw you on and man y'all were talking about Dion and they got back in. Yeah. I would love to do an interview with him. Yeah. I wouldn't even say shit. I'd just let him talk. Yeah. He go I would, I just, I would, he could literally just come on my platform and just talk. I ain't got shit to ask him. Yeah. I think I kind of And I changed how people dealing with him now. People are now doing a versus thing with him. And I don't really like that 'cause I didn't do a vi If you listen to that conversation, we really had some like, I tried to get him to explain a little more.


Yeah. He he was right making his points. But I want to dig into that. Why is that, why you think that, why do you think somebody would do that? And for me, I just think it it added to the album. Yeah. Well You know, that's, that's kinda, that could, I could see how that could be, that could be frustrating I guess. Yeah. If you keep asking a nigga why he like nigga don't ask me why. Nah. He deep down inside. Nah, he respect, he respect me too much for that though. No, I feel you. Listen, you gotta think that's his fifth time coming on my show. He the only person that came that much and he, he hit me pause. Yeah. That's a big pause.


That's a big fuck. Hey man, that's dope. But but You know what I'm saying. Is there, there's this respect there. So he knew that yo, I was trying to get him to explain to his audience some of those things. Like we got the next one that come out next week. Oh man. And then so we going, we get intense about some things that now has come out that I was right about. 'cause I told him that, that you did you see the girl that, and it'll probably be out by the time this come out, but did you see the girl that had the big knot on her face and said a dude asked for my number and they didn't give it to me and these black man let me get the brick later. Yeah. You know he went crazy on black men about that.


You Kyle was stupid mother. But think about it. That's one off situation. She dead ass wrong for that. But this nigga's out there that be actually that probably needed to hit that. And that's what he was saying. That's it. That's what he was saying. But that's what I'm saying. You don't wanna put, but I say you don't get, you wanna be passionate about some shit. But I say don't get a grace that you don't even know it's real or not. Yeah. I said Damn, you give grace to the black woman in this conversation. You give grace to. I said, what do you say to the black men that say you're too hard? You don't give any grace to them. Even in situations where you're wrong about this girl saying black men didn't defend her when this is an allergic reaction. Yep. And he was just like, well I'm not going to retract it because n they need to hear that they do.


It's still a valid point, but it's like when it's directed at that at one particular incident that's, that's false. Then it just loses validity. Right. And, I think validity. It gonna do great. It's gonna do great on YouTube. 'cause we go back and forth. It get heated. He telling me, 'cause I'm saying yo, why black men gotta be blamed for everything You know because that's our road to be blamed for everything. That's a road that was given to us that we would never ask for. That's just part of it as one of the drawbacks. Dang of being a black man. It comes with it. We always gonna be at fault because think about it, what have niggas ever done to anybody but each other?


Thank you. Niggas don't do nothing. Fuck. But that's, that's, that's abuse. The violence. It is transferred. It's just a transfer of violence. That's it. Even that ain't a nigga's fault. When, when you dealt with Netflix, what was that about? Did y'all have to audition? How do you get a deal with Netflix? How does that happen? What do you mean a deal? How do you get a content licensing deal? What do you mean? With, with with Netflix? Like I'm sure they licensed y'all content or did they buy that purchase, that piece of content? I guess I'm asking what, what happened with your Netflix situation?


Man, it just doing those live shows, it's like, if you think about what we do when we, when we go out and we record these live shows and we put 'em out on the platform, bro we really producing and dropping a special every week. Why not link with the biggest platform that does that? It's just a natural progression You know what I'm saying? Right. It's like they, they saw what we were doing. They send their team out, they send some people out, some people get on some phone calls. We get some back and forth. It's a few lunches, it's a few emails. It's a process. It ain't just like they show up with the paperwork. You get what I'm saying?


This, it takes years to close a deal like that. Oh, most definitely. Gang violent. That's hard. Yes sir. It's hard. We got DC in the building. Well definitely. But yeah, that's, that's it takes years to make some shit like that. At least a year or two just to make sure that the business is right and everybody's gonna be satisfied with the terms and conditions. Right. Things of that nature. So big shout out to the whole department over there. Netflix, man. Especially anybody that got something to do with the black people content on that app. Right. That department, whatever department that Yeah, for sure. Because y'all don't get enough credit For sure, for sure. To try to even hold that up or whole that down over there.


Yeah. Because they can whitewash that if they want. And for the most part, just hearing that the people that own Fox own tub broke my heart. We gonna talk about that in a minute. I got that down. It didn't on getting all the way but a little bit. I ain't You get what I'm saying? We can get Yeah, we, we can get into It's kinda like finding out chick that you, you been knocking off used to talk to one of your partners, right? Ah, yeah. I ain't know. Yeah. You know you gotta do background checks on people facts but You know. But even now


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. Before it is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Ready, set Shop. The Black Friday sale at Ulta Beauty is on up to 50% off the best gifts now through November 30th, starting Tuesday, November 26. Snag $12 mascara from brands like Fenty and Tart plus $12 lips from brands like NARS and Kylie Cosmetics. But of course I had to show out with the Mac maximal silky matte lipstick. Then I top that off. I love a little glitter with the morphy shade thrower eyeshadow palette. Get all the best gifts. All at Ulta Beauty.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms debt.


Even that anywhere, any, anytime. Even if they, even if it's that they still letting niggas go over there and do their thing though, I don't think, I don't wanna say netting, but yeah, niggas over there doing their thing. Yeah, but not letting, I think they're using that as like they use us to get the wheels on it to get the car rolling and then in a minute, yo this's how we can counter that. We gotta use that to get to the next step. We can't just let that be it then if that's the attitude behind it. We need to be working on an exit strategy right now. Then if that's the emotion behind it, we either love it or we hate it.


Because if we stamp it as we love it. It's gonna blow of course. But if we ain't fucking with it, it need to be said out loud right now. But this, they know how, how to trick us. They know how to trick us. We can't allow it to trick us. We can't allow it. Guess how they trick us though? Incentivize us with a little paper. Boy, that's how Trump got us. That's how they all get us. Trump didn't get us What? He didn't get us What you think he got us What he got The niggas that wanted to be got. No, he got the, he didn't get us. I ain't talking about, I'm talking about ain't getting black people as a whole bro. I don't know. For the most part. I don't, they're not paying close attention. He didn't get me with the passing.


What if they are though? What if that's the real what if they are paying attention but the information don't say that. I'm telling you, we're not collective. We don't work together about nothing You know what I'm saying? Fuck around and, and try to pass some shit that sneak fuck around and actually work for the benefit of people he don't even fuck with. Of course. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't know. But, but we just went through a lot. We to hold on. What he look does as who? He's he he he a crook too. Yeah, of course. Now what I'm saying he got, that's why I say he got us. I ain't saying he did nothing that was upstanding. No, this is the thing about black people. It's a hat trick. We love a villain and we love to feel like he win hold.


I don't want it to sound like I fuck with him. It's some people we love to feel like we winning. I feel like he just, he do so much. Even if we not winning though, he do so much bad shit that they'll drive a old Mercedes, a nigga drive a old Mercedes for the fact that it's a Mercedes. We love to just feel like it's a win. It don't even matter, bro. So what are you saying? That black people settle? No, no. I said niggas I drive a old Mercedes thing. But it's by choice. Yeah, of course. But I'm talking about But that's just the one he wanted. No, no, no. I ain't talking about him. I'm talking about the guy that drives it when his money coulda got him a new, reliable vehicle he could have got. That's, that's not your call to make it ain't my call.


But it's a responsible call to make. No, it's not. If he's driving that car, that's his business. But he's forcing it. He's acting like he's driving the like I know niggas that are put the keys out on they on, they hang the keys out over they thing. Wait a minute, you overlooking something very important. Help me understand you looking at it like a old car. The nigga who owned the car, that might be his motherfucking one. That might be the one that he want. Yeah. And, I'm not talking about this might have millions of dollars in this. But you, you bring, if you don't see me in this motherfucker, nah, you bringing 91 Cutlass. Yeah. Nigga I fuck with you. You like a 91 Cutlass.


Who said Thatt? Nobody A 91. I'm talking about a speci, a specific guy. I ain't talking about the guy who's who. So we gotta have context of our conversation. Okay, let's back up a little bit. 'cause we unpacked a lot of things, right? We talked about Tuby in, in about five seconds right there. We talked about Tuby, Dr. Umar, right? And a few other things, right? Shout out to Dr. Umma. Shout out to Dr. Omar and forever put some respect on the DR part. But what I'm saying, all I'm saying is all, all I'm saying is we like to feel like we win. Who When I black people, we are slaves of symbols. No we are not.


We gotta stop thinking like that. No, this is the proof bro. We spend all our money in the consumer market who believe Why Google it. Why? Because we're slaves of symbols. We going to get Nike. We go get Mercedes, we go get all these Wes, even if even stop buying that shit, then what? Then we put our money back in the community. We buy houses, we buy hospitals, we, we buy What does it that do that builds the community up? The money still has to be spent, but it builds the our own community. It circulates through our community. We take all the money we make and go spend it on things we don't own that don't like just bullshit that's owned by other people. So what I'm saying is we're slaves to the consumer market and symbolisms.


I don't believe that. Tell me how. Give me a, give me something and something indicator that says we're not because there is no we they spend billions of dollars on we every, every year black women do. That's they business. Of course that's their business. But I'm telling you that they don't need weave. They buy this is fake hair, horse hair, some bullshit. That's what they want. Of course. But I'm It's free will you ain't listening to me. Yes, I'm okay. So I'm saying we're slaves to the consumer market. No, we not. We are. Why? Why we spending our money in the way we do? 'cause we live in a capitalistic society. If you don't spend it, it is worthless. Why do we spend it in the way that we do? Because niggas buy the same way you do.


Look at you, you a nigga gonna watch this and say, man, loon got four chains on. That's what I'm saying. Why no, no better. Why you ain't invest, invest that in the black community. No, I've invested. You can't be a hypocrite on the platform. I ain't a hypocrite. Yes you are because you just said we slaves and you the one bought all them chain. If I was a hypocrite, I'd say y'all, you said we that mean I'm not a hypocrite. Well that's what I'm saying. Everybody's not not. But what I'm saying is, if I say we that mean I'm not a hypocrite. If I say y'all that mean I'm separating from y'all. I'm saying we, I got a Mercedes. I'm a slave to this same shit. I wear the shit, I shit. Those, those are choices that you made. You could have easily not made them choices. Of course you gonna fuck some of this money off.


That's what I'm telling you. Well, why are you yelling at them? Who's yelling? But what I'm, when you saying we are slaves, people gonna hear that and be like, what the fuck is you talking about? No, they're not. We're not claiming that anybody that hears that and say and and says that they're wasteman. What? Wasteman No, we don't use those terms in America. We in America right now. I just wasteman. Yeah, I'm listening in the Drake bro. I ain't say I don't. This is, do I look like don't say that shit in America? Do I look like I He's a waste man. Yeah. You a nigga work for the garbage company. No we don't. He's a waste man. Okay. That's my word. No, but what I'm saying is there is no way to universally speak for all black people who said that. What I'm saying is like you can't say spending habits.


They spend a billion dollars on weed. I think you do. You got a phone, a Google. Yeah. You need to spend some time on it because I'm telling you, telling you that if I'm going by the numbers, you disregard the numbers. You can't keep using the same arguments for the last 30 years. Who is? I ain't never said that. Chris Rock made a whole movie called good hair and said that I never watched that. Now it's now that's that a billion, trillion dollars. I never watched whatever black women spend on they hair. Do you understand that white people outnumbered black people in America Like six or six to 13 or one or some shit. We wave, fuck we a fucking minority. They don't. Hell bro. Just the fuck they do. Not in the way that black folks buy. Yes they do. If it is, if they outnumber us by that many, you think that white, that means that it's fucking, you think that white women buy more 10 times more white women in America buying weave than black women?


Yes. I believe that you saying pure buy numbers of people. We saying yes by volume alone we are still in last place. That's not what we talking about. What we talking about. We talking about You know. Okay, let's play, let's play the devil's advocate alone. What would happen if black women stop spending money on weave? What would happen? Well, nothing. If they have no direction with what to do and if and if us as black men don't accept them with their natural hair. Okay, so if black men stop by. So this is the overall problem again, we are slaves. This is like he okay, I like this is free will. Yeah, but a lot of dudes wanna see they woman. What the They don't wanna what the, her natural hair. They'll tell her, go get her hair done.


We can't ignore this. What are you doing? Are you playing some game? Were you ignoring these things? No, I just think that these arguments are dated it, none of that shit would change anything about the structure of America. Not without any direction. Well that even with direction, people still going do what the fuck they wanna do and buy what they wanna buy. It's already hard enough to be a nigga in America. Ain't nobody Finn to not fucking try to make the most of it. You certain shit you going to have to buy to try to make the most of it. Increase your quality of life. What's taking the most of it? They have done such a number on black people that we buy this shit to try to hide and mask the insecurities they gave us.


Damn man, nigga just told me I can't speak for black people and then not for black people. I'm saying you can't, but you can't. You can't. You just, what you just done. You just told me. That nigga just said, all I'm saying is we doing this because we been through hell and just told me I can't speak for black. Ain't that a bitch? All I'm saying is ain't that hot life for there is a reason for everything. You listen. If you don't listen, you get lost. There's a reason for everything. If you don't listen, you get lost. You literally argue me for seven to 10 minutes. Okay? That I can't speak for black people. And proceeded to say when you make a, when you make a outrageous statement like what we slaves Mike, he's had some facts from it. Like we slaves, we slaves to symbols don't be involved anything.


We're not slaves to nothing, man. That's, we not slaves to shit. That's weird how? That's weird behavior man. You must don't know the intensity of what slavery actually is. I ain't slave to a motherfucking thing. We spend our money likes I say this, let's rephrase that. We spend our money like we're slaves to symbolism. That's because we live in a capitalistic society. If we lived somewhere where money didn't, where love was the currency, we would be out here loving the fuck out each other. Who says love isn't the currency now in this country? Who says that? The people who founded this country on capitalism says that once you, you, there's people living in this country as a nigga who been in the streets, but there's people as a nigga who in media ain't, you don't mix love and money.


I don't. But there's people living in this country that is love based You know why you're speaking for the whole country? You told me I can't speak for black. No, I'm speaking, I'm speaking for my little one. I can't speak for black people. My little one 66000000th all the same way that I'm sitting here saying shit. There is nothing we can say that could universally apply to all black people. That's what I'm trying to tell you. So especially for the, for the whole country, right? You see and so for you to say in the country, this country ain't got no love. It's like, bro, it's some people in this country right now don't care about no Mercedes. They don't give a fuck about a name brand. They don't care about a lifestyle or nothing. You know why people living in the woods You know why?


Why? 'cause they can't afford that shit. You have to act like you don't want. It's people going on Joe Rogan podcast all the time. That's millionaires. That's that that live the woods. Just 'cause thinking. How many people who go on there who just comedians who doing gig to gig though? They going on there hoping to be millionaires. That's facts. But we live in the type of society where you need money to live. No, that's facts. To fucking get the full experience of this shit. Yeah. Now if we lived in somewhere where we had to go out and find our own food and be entertained by the people who we live around and live in a community and be around people and like I said, love was the currency and we didn't have to worry about how much money we had in the bank and shit like that.


And we were outside with it for real, then we, it would be another something else. But we live in America. Do you think, does Netflix try to, does Netflix own that content or y'all own it? What content that y'all did for them? Did they pay y'all for it or did they No, it is a, it is different. It is a different situation. We produced it and worked with a production company and once they put it on the platform, they going to have it on there for however long they going to have it on there and then it is what it is. So will it be on the 85 app, I guess is my question. At some point I don't, I don't know. I don't know.


Maybe that's interesting though. Maybe You know that's something to look into. I mean I guess that's a piece of content if they don't have any No, but it's like it not, I think they have interest not to duck the question like we own some of it, but of course they not gonna let us own all of it and Right. You know what I mean? It ain't one of them type of situations. I think they, I they're interested in owning the content that's on their platform, right? They're playing a different game. But see we played a different game too because it's like you have to use that leverage to get in the game. They always gonna get you on the first game. That's why they, they come and give Chappelle 40 million because they're saying, listen, we want to own this. We don't want to play the game where you You know own it and we want to give you 40 and we want it. Is that okay? Do you believe that that's what that best what's being reported?


Shit? Ain't Kevin Hart who would report, who would report that? Think about how this shit worked. Netflix, why would they do that? Why would they go and tell somebody the details of a contract that they got with David? Because I guess they want to, they want to level the market for people like you. Why would, why would they want to do that? Because they don't want you to be unreasonable and think it's a $40 million number on a comic without it being ownership on their side. Why would you, why? What would make you think they would give Just give Dave Chappelle all this money. I believe Dave Chappelle would be worth $40 million. What do you mean worth for three specials? What do you mean worth? You said what would make me think they would give him the money. Right. It speaks to his worth.


They don't give nobody shit. That's what I'm trying to get you to understand. No, nothing in this business is given. They didn't give Dave Chappelle this money. They know how much money that he's going to generate. Yeah, but that's yeah. They know how much they could say, Hey, that's the math piece bro. They could say, Hey lo, we love your, your podcast. We, we would love to sign you the Netflix and give you a special, we know that you generate money. We, we know that we can go sell $500 million worth of ads against you coming to our platform. Lemme see that. That's why you get these numbers ain't, of course they don't just pull numbers out. You think, I don't know that And I got deals everywhere. I No, but the way that you say it, you gonna mislead people and make them think that.


They just tell me what I said to, to Ms. Lee that they gave that man that money. Nah, come on man. They know what I'm talking about in business. They don't give nobody shit though. You think that? Yeah, I'm talking about why they came and offered him $40 million. Anybody that's below that standard, don't watch this show. People watching this show know when I say Netflix gave Dave Chappelle 40 million, they ain't just, ain't nobody nice in this world. We ain't talking like that. We talking about business. But you gotta understand that that ain't, we don't even know if that's the number. Whatever the number is, we know they interested in owning the content on that platform because I hear comics time and time again speak to that big comics, speak to yo, the reason why the front end is so much is 'cause they're interested in owning it and not showing the numbers.


Not even giving you real data as to what it done. They'll tell you some, but that's the thing about it. I'll be trying to get you to think, get out of this mindset. They don't have to give you shit if you in business with somebody. They don't gotta show you the number. If you, they gonna show them the number they tell you it dig good. It's not, it is number six on the, the little thing of the, like I'm talking about You know. See maybe you Well on the business side, I'm, but that's what I'm trying to get you to understand, bro. Listen, demographics and, and things. Fuck the numbers. That's what dude, you're not listening. Yeah, I'm never saying fuck the numbers, fuck the numbers. 'cause watch this, never watch this. If I'm Netflix, I'm never saying it is my platform.


Do you understand? I can put any fucking thing I want you watch. I'm telling you 4, 5, 6. That's what I'm saying. So you as a consumer, you gonna watch this shit, not the consumer. As I'm saying, as somebody watching my platform, if I put 85 South and number six And I and they sure ain't even, it ain't even came out yet. It's the first day they gonna think that this shit got some big numbers behind it. Right? It ain't got nothing to do with what I'm saying. You just said that. I said the hard numbers, the demographics behind the scenes. Okay. When someone, there's value to every viewer. There's an ad company that wants to se sell something to every person that clicks on the 85 South podcast Netflix show.


You are looking at it in a small scope. I'm looking at how Netflix looking at it. They're selling that data, bro, wait a minute. Netflix, the whole company, everybody's selling data around Now wait a minute bro, wait a minute. I'm trying to get you to don't even understand what Netflix is. It's the Netflix, this is where you watch all the movies at, right? Yeah. You think that it's just they got one Netflix deal. Do you understand? They got ads against every movie on this motherfucker. That's the whole point I'm making. This is a trillion dollar company of course. So I'm telling you that. But taking mine with it being a trillion dollar company, every number counts. That's why on YouTube and things, you can't have fake views and certain things because they'll, they auditing this because they're selling ads against it.


So what happens is Netflix is taking that hard data that they're telling you is useless. And it's unfortunate that you were this high in the business and thinking this data is useless when this data is so important. You look, you not even hearing what I'm saying. I'm here, I'm listening. Go ahead. You not hearing what I'm How many mo how many motherfuckers have a Netflix account? First of all? Plenty. Everybody. Do you think they give a fuck what you watching on there? Or they want you to have this account? Who? The the company? Hell yeah. You think they give a fuck what you watch? They don't fucking right. I do. You can have a Netflix account and never watch nothing. You don't watch Netflix every day. I think there's extreme value in what is actually being watched on Netflix.


I a hundred percent think that the value of Netflix lives in the people that are actually watching. I do think the subscription amount watch. It's not because if they gave a fuck, if you watched it or not, the shit would be free. No, it's not free. This shit is $20, right? A month, $25 a month. Yeah. And they ain't debt every month from a business perspective. So what I'm telling you is it's a game being played. They, they have a subscription model where people are paying the $20 a month. But if you're telling me that you think that the actual viewership of a company like Netflix is nu and void, that's absurd, bro. Okay. All I'm saying is they sell ads against the viewership of that company, against the click through rate.


All right? They don't sell ads just on based on who's signed up. They sell ads versus the click through rate. Alright, long it's, it's it's way more complicated than that. I'm okay, tell me 'cause I'm in it. Tell me. I know you in it too. We, I don't have So helping I don time, we would be here all day. It me to have to try to break down how these people make all this money off of this shit. They don't give a fuck if you watch this shit or not. Honestly, the numbers matter to motherfuckers who give a fuck about numbers. The ad revenue, the people who trying to buy some spa that's You know it's different. Right. And that's what I'm saying. You know this and that's only at one. That's the difference between subscription revenue and ad revenue. Right, bro. Even even without all that, they still straight of Yeah.


But as a business you have to sit down. Like you have people in your offices sitting down trying to figure out how to amplify your app, how to amplify your content, how to amplify your comedy on all different levels. And you're telling me that these, these sections of the business don't matter. I'm telling you the viewership is where they sell the, the ads against the same way that you guys do with your YouTube 85 South and with your, your audio with Black Effect. You sell ads against that audio in that video. No man. Do you not understand how the fucking world is working right now? Yeah, I do. Go ahead. Netflix is just like Google for fucking movies. They got every movie in the motherfucking world.


Every movie you could think of I would argue damn near is that without, with the exceptions of certain movies. I would argue you too. But if you get a brand new Netflix account at your new house and you watch one fucking movie, do you not know that they have enough information about you to put all the shit that you might possibly in your lifetime while you have this subscription facts? Watch facts. If you come over my house and I've been watching Rambo and all this old other shit, it's gonna be some shit on my Netflix that you don't even know how to get to on your Netflix. Do you not understand that we are literally in the fucking matrix. Nah, I get that. Netflix num, they don't give a fuck if you watch it or not. If you don't have it, you not gonna be able to watch shit at this point. That's it. That's all I'm saying.


And for you to say, oh no, this is, it is not just like, hey, it's not Walmart where you just walk in and they got shit. These motherfuckers getting money off owning the site subscriptions, the motherfuckers who they know who watched this shit on tv, who watched this shit on their phone, who got it on their computer, on their iPad. But this shit is one of the biggest fucking companies in The World. So what I'm saying is we, we don't even understand the scope of this shit like this is it like this motherfucker is huge. It is that, yeah, I know that is the new way that we gonna have to watch movies from here on. Now I know that. So they don't give a fuck about, but see they, they put that, they put that they snuck that extra with the ads and so they, that's, that's the thing.


That's another generation of revenue. So they have a tier where you can have no ass. They have a tier where you can go You know with Just see this, I'm gonna show you how good they are at business. Do you actually believe that they losing money? Of course not. That's all I'm saying. Of course not. You said that they in the red every quarter but yeah that, but I'm telling you because they playing this subscription game. Well when the money come in they put it back out on content because they want to own everything that's on their platform. So they spend the more why you think they stole comedy from HBO first it was everything HBO special. No, that is absurd. That is absurd. That is absurd. You don't think that they bullied the market and took comedy from HBO by offering comics Absurds amount of money?


No Comedy Center and HBO, they took it from them. No. Okay. What's your argument against that? Because I'm a comedian. Okay, so tell me, do You know that HBO o could come and gimme a deal right now and it still be the the shit I could have a HBO special Still HBO ain't went no fucking well no right now I could argue. I I believe that now before a moment. Netflix stole the market from them, bro. They was, they was, they took every comic and gave them high amounts of money to do specials on Netflix, bro. They turned it damn into a comedian platform. I feel like I'm arguing with my uncle at the house on Thanksgiving.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


My five Casino


High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com I five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com I five Casino.


Oh hi, this is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by O Pill, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare and one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys because O Pill is birth control in your Control O Pill is available online and at most major retailers used code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


the AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with Glar free OLEDs and the Neo Q-L-E-D-A-K processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail looks sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.