
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, let's, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in Everybody. You that exclusive, you know, if you gonna lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La. This is an exclusive audio episode. However, however, I'm in here by myself today. So on the latest with Lauren la, if you are new here, welcome. And if you are one of my lowriders in returning, welcome on back. Y'all. The Lowriders are a community of supporters, of engagement, of conversation. It's y'all, the people who listen here on the podcast.


This is your daily breakdown of all things pop culture, your daily, dig into that and the conversations that are shaking the room. I am your host, Lauren la Rosa, and let's get on into some things Back on the grind. Now we, we start with the behind the scenes of the grind. Check-in. Because I always like to say, you know, when you working, when you hustling, a lot of times you don't take a break to just sit down and be like, yo, how do I feel today? So I started doing it on a podcast because when I say that here on the podcast, it's because honestly I'm talking to myself because I don't do that often. I don't do it at all, honestly. So I've made it a habit here on the podcast because I shoot the podcast daily and then, you know, that means daily I'm checking in on myself and the people who are on the show are checking in on checking in on me as well, and I'm checking in on them.


So today, getting behind the scenes of the grind I am feeling, I'm a little anxious today And I don't know why I, I have a little anxious feeling today. I don't know where it comes from at this point today. Right now I'm looking forward to spending time with my family over the Mother's Day weekend and, you know, all of the things. But for some reason I've, you know, all morning this morning I've been having an anxious feeling. Maybe I, I should just pray about it. 'cause I, again, I don't know where it comes from, but whenever I feel like this, I like to write, like just write to myself and it helps to calm my nerves. So I probably do a little bit of that today, but yeah, that's how I'm feeling. I'm feeling anxious. And it's a weird feeling too because you know how like all week long you're waiting for Friday and it, and it, because Friday, it's something about a Friday and a Sunday that just feel relaxing.


Like, it just feels like, like that, that that breath of fresh air, that like, you know what, Emini here, that, that inhale, exhale, that unwind. I've been waiting for Friday all week long so that I could use this weekend to really just go connect with my family. You know how people tell you like, yo, take your shoes off and walk in a grass so you can get reconnected. That's what it is. Like when I go back home and I'm with my family. So I've been, I've been waiting to do that and now it's here And I don't know, I just feel so antsy and so anxious maybe I'm excited to get to that. I didn't think about it that way. So that's how I'm feeling today. In the latest, we have two things that I think y'all are gonna really enjoy. Two things that are, I love bringing personal experiences here to the podcast and making them news. So first up, the Kendrick Lamar, S-A-G-N-X tour stopped here in New Jersey for the New York New Jersey crowd.


They did MetLife Stadium two shows this weekend. Both shows sold out. Congratulations to them. Let's clap it up. Congratulations to them. There was so much conversation when Kendrick Lamar, first of all, even before he announced the GNX tour, when Kendrick Lamar got picked for the Super Bowl, people knew that this normally meant you have an album coming and that you're probably gonna announce a tour. And there was so much conversation around the Super Bowl and how well he didn't perform and how well he didn't do. And you know, what do you expect this Kendrick Lamar. And then when the tour announcement dropped, people were like, are people gonna even really go support this? He's not a good performer. There was conversation around him having to add SS a, you know, on the tour just for ticket sales and things of that nature.


Like there was just a lot. And to be honest with y'all, I've never seen Kendrick Lamar in person as far as like on stage I've seen ssa, but it wasn't like a full show. She was like a part of a show. I forget where I was like what? What concert or like festival or whatever it was. I've seen her perform but it wasn't like a full SSA show. But I've always heard, like when she did the SOS tour, I heard from a lot of people that this tour that she did, it was fire production was fire. She was a great performer as well. And it was also special for me because my sister Mariah, Jasmine, shout out to Mariah Jasmine dancer choreographer is dancing for csa. And so anytime I get to see her, which I really didn't get to see much of her yesterday, like I saw her, she was on the stage, but we were in a suite so I couldn't really see her for real, like Emini here, un like un unless she popped up on the screens.


But I was actually speaking of the word anxious, I was excited all day, maybe a little bit anxious awaiting, you know, we all mobbed as a unit. So me, Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne and a lot of the producers here all went to the show. We did a sweet, oh my god, like I will say the sweet at MetLife, their food is way better than that at the Prudential Center where they had powerhouse in Jersey. Way better, way better food options. Chicken wings was fire. We had a little drinky drinks, you know what Emini here, like it was, it was a good time. I got there super, super late. Not on purpose though. It was so much traffic getting into the concert. Like when I say it was traffic, it was so much traffic.


My car service driver was also a little confused where the, the VIP drop off was as well too. So we had to like, it was a whole thing. But anyway, I was excited because I wanted to see how this was gonna go And I wanted to compare to what the people outside were saying about it before it started got there. I got there just in time. I missed two acts. I think there's a total of five acts that take place in the show. It's either five or six from, you know what I've been told. And yeah, like it, it was amazing. I will say that the, like it's, it's the production of the show, like the stage setups and it's, it's very simple stuff. Like there's the x, he brings out the car, scissor brings out, you know, the bug and she does, you know, that whole thing that she does, it's not a lot to it as far as like, you know, they're not hitting eight counts and all that stuff, but it's captivating.


S CSA is very captivating. There is one point where she dropped into a split baby. I ain't never, listen, let me tell you, SLE look good going down into that split and then she does like a backend of some sort. That's kinda like the only dance move for real, for real. Other than that they really just like singing to you and Kendrick Lamar. And it wasn't just the Drake disc songs that he included. Like he took it back like we were doing old songs and like, it, it was just a great time to be honest with you, when the Super Bowl set happened, a lot of people were saying like, yo, his lineup was a bad decision. And I was like, what y'all mean? Why wouldn't he do the songs he did? Like, you know, that's the talking point right now since going to the GNX tour and seeing another lineup with Kendrick.


I, I, I'll agree I think that Kendrick Lamar is a great performer. I think that Kendrick Lamar is so passionate in his music and what he does and how he puts it together and you feel that like there was so much energy in that stadium, every single song, right? But I do think that the arrangement of songs allows for that differently. And I feel like the Super Bowl arrangement that we saw, And I know he doesn't have nearly as much time as he has, you know, on his own co headlining tour. But when I tell you it was just like a different energy and energy at the Super Bowl wasn't horrible. But I think if he had done a like Emini version of what I saw last night, it wouldn't have been no arguments about whether his per around his performance.


And I love that he ignored it. I love he that he ain't say nothing about it as you shouldn't. You know what Emini here, like I'm a fan of like, you know, show up, do the work then you know what Emini here, like show him, show him something. And that's exactly what happened. So yeah, we had a really, really good time. We talked about it a lot on The Breakfast Club as well too. That's my review. 10 out of 10. Highly recommend if Kendrick Lamar and Scissor are coming to where you live or somewhere nearby. Go see, go see it. They start on time, they end on time. So get there on time. I was not on time so I missed a lot of it. But go see the arrangement. Even scissors, oh my god, when she went into the songs off of SOS and even like Control, like I was, I forgot there were so many song, it was like Ballad after ballot, after ballot after Ballad with SSA and you forget because you know, it took, I feel like it took The World.


Us Scissor fans have known she's been fired from, from a for a long time now. It took The World a long time to give Sizzle her, just do what her deserve. So I think a lot of times people might forget that my girl been dropping. She like a summer walk. Summer Walker don't miss either in that r and b space. My girl been giving you them hits for a long time and last night I was like, yo, I forgot this song. Great time. Please go see the concept. Now another thing that went down this week for me, we interviewed some of the 1 0 6 and park's former cast on The Breakfast Club. We sat down with AJ and he was from the AJ and free generation of 1 0 6 and Park.


We sat down with Terra and Roxy and we talked about the fact that 1 0 6 and Park is going to be reuniting, celebrating 25 years of the show during this year's BET awards in June in la. And y'all let me just from the minute, like I've met Terrance before. Me and Terrance are really cool me Envy connected me and Terrance a while ago because of, you know, just the work that he does in H-B-U-H-B-C-U space. And Terrance and his homeboy, Fred, they like brothers have been looking out for me in that space od like sending bookings my way, like really taking care of me and yo, anything you need call us like career, like career advice type vibes, like all of that.


So I, I've known Terrance, like I actually, when we went to North Carolina a t for Gho, Terrance's a queue there. So like they made sure that we were taken care of. We had a great time with them that weekend. I also know Roxy as well. Envy introduced me to Roxy a while back as well. But it was my first time actually really meeting AJ in, in, in length. I had met him And I kind of like, you know, just, oh hi, I am Lauren. You know, like that. But actually in conversation, this was my first time and just as a unit putting them all together, I was actually really, really excited that morning because I thought free was gonna be there. But then Free had to cancel. Y'all been on our backs too. She stated why she couldn't be there. She was actually getting, she had something to do with like dental surgery or, or something, a dentist appointment. But just seeing them all together, it made me like, I almost got emotional.


'cause I'm like, yo, this right here, this is it. Like this is, this is a part of my childhood and my upbringing, but for real, for real. Watching 1 0 6 and Park made you feel like you could do it too. Like you could be on tv, you could be the cool fly host who get dressed, who get busy, who know how to do their job. But you know what? Emini here, like they were one, oh, there, there has not been a show as culturally big by the moments that it creates since 1 0 6 and park like The Breakfast Club, like Emini here and then came to Breakfast Club. There has not been a show. Like, think about it, you had 1 0 6 and Park and all of those moments that people still talk about today that still go viral. There has been no other show that has done that after.


But The Breakfast Club and in my mind, as I'm sitting in this interview, I'm looking around and I'm like, I'm really here. Like, I'm like, what? There was one moment though from the interview that a lot of people got upset at me about, I had asked Roxy this question, how did y'all handle those moments? Like, I know there, there was like the webby thing that happened. Roxy, Terrance, y'all, you walking off stage, Roxy, y'all here together now we would love to hear about that as well. But Terrance handling those Protects me at all costs. And that's what I'm gonna say. And I'll protect him as at all costs. And, And I don't like, I don't like bringing up anything that was like that. That's not what I wanna remember from the show because that's not even worth our time right now.


The show was more about celebration than it was about drama. So those 360 days or whatever, because we were a 365 show, you know, it was always, there's always things that would happen. But if there's one thing that I could say about this man right here is that he protected me, you know, at all Costs. Now let me tell y'all, me and Roxy, that's my girl, like in like we know each other in real life and they, prior to this interview, I went in to go say hi to Terrance and Roxy and they already, they're like, yo, come with it. We already know. We, you know what? Emini here. And I never go into an interview like I'm trying to be malicious or anything like that. I'm really asking questions as a, a person who was a fan of the moments they created, what I would wanna know if I ever had the chance to sit down and talk to them.


And that was one of the things, because that webby moment, there was a lot of other moments too. That one just came to mind first for y'all. And I, And I don't know why, because there was a t oh, we also talked about them, the walk off stage thing as well. But that webby moment to me, I've always been trying to figure out what happened because it was very obvious after it happened when Terrence came back on stage after Webby did not come back on the show, here's what he said mentally. How are you dealing with that at the time? 'cause y'all are kids too. Yeah, Look, we'll, we'll pivot out, but listen, yeah, I, for me, Roxy, like it was, yeah, anything that had to do with Roxy was always protection thing. But shout outs to Webby, it's love, man. This has been, you know, decades we're adults. We were growing up live on television daily. Yeah, our level of emotional intelligence, our growth as human beings is different.


What we were dealing with, it was, we were literally growing up in front of everybody's eyes. So obviously we made mistakes. Obviously there's, there's, there's growing pains, there's things that we learned. But when we look back, it was this beautiful journey in time, this beautiful thing that we got to celebrate together. And when, when Scott Mills and the team said, Hey, we wanna celebrate 25 years of one. Oh, And you could tell in that moment something happened, but they've never addressed it. They've never talked about it, ever. And I, I really just genuinely wanted to know. But when she got emotional, I was like, oh wow. Like, you know what Emini here, like, I'm watching as a fan and I'm viewing as a fan of the show and of what they've done, but in real life something happened that, you know, really, you know, it, she got emotional talking about it.


And it just made me also think about, you know, all the, you know, the different advice that, you know. 'cause even after that, me and Roxy spoke and, and she just like poured into me. That's, that's all she does. Like, they, they're so fire. But she just poured into me about like career and navigating career and things of that nature. And I, it made me think how when, when even when moments happen up here at The Breakfast Club, when you, when you out in person and in real life, people think that those moments are like fake. Like you're not a person or something like that. Like, like things don't actually affect you or you know, like, I don't know, like it's all just like one big play. And then once the show's done, it's like, okay, now we're gonna hang these characters up and go about a whole nother life. And it's like, no, this is really in real life like a thing for me.


It's really, it, it can really affect me. I have feelings and emotions and all these things. And in that moment I was like, oh wow, I know how she feels Emini here. I I've never experienced whatever that experience was that made her emotional And I don't even know because they, they still didn't talk about it, but she mentioned Terence protecting her. And I was just like, man, now that I'm in, you know, because being at TMZ, like I've been doing this whole like, industry thing. I, I don't even really like all of that stuff though, to be honest with y'all. Like, and that was one thing that I learned at TMZ was like all this, all of this whole, the industry and being a part of the industry, no, you, you, you get up and you do your job.


You don't worry about being a part of anything because all that comes and goes. People are gonna call you as long as you can do something for them. And then when you can't, they ain't gonna call you no more. So do your job, stay relevant, build something that you need to build to keep on moving and get in and get out, stick and move. But I was really sitting there looking like the fact that I can identify with her and how she feels because it's like this was a huge moment in television and people used it for content and conversation as we were doing in the room. You know what Emini here right then in the, in that moment. But what did she have to deal with behind the scenes because obviously it still affects her. 'cause she was starting to get emotional, that whole interview. It was fire. I'm so excited to hang out with them in LA for the BET awards weekend.


I'll be in LA from June 6th through the 10th. Supposed to be attending the show as well. But we are going to be doing the latest with Lauren La Rosa, you know, live from la not live, but you know, we'll be doing it from LA as well. I got some surprises coming around that. So I'm excited. But when I tell y'all sitting across from people who inspired you to do what you do, will never, ever, ever get old to me. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. Because it's like, you work so hard to think, to see things progress and to see it in real time and to feel it. It's just like, man, look at that. It's, it's all happening.


Like it is all happening. And I understand why people were upset about that. The Roxy question as well too. Because I think people felt like, oh, here we go ro however people felt, I don't know, but I can't lean into that. Like, even even she said to me like, you know, she's been in the same position. You have a job to do and as long as you do it. I think for me, what I've learned in being in this new space where everything is not straight to it. Like at TMZ is, you know, timing is everything. And you know, learning how to bring things in and outta the conversation is everything as well too. So, you know, I I do things with all, all due respect all the time because they are, they, they Emini here, they, they walked so we could run.


You feel me? We gonna take it to the tweets in the comments you for the outside. We outside outside every other page. Our goal, y'all got on us. Bad, bad when y'all didn't see free in that photo. And I love it because it's like, don't play with us about our girl. I love that. I love to see that especially about black women. But y'all was tweeting us like it was our fault that she wasn't there. We had nothing to do with the fact that she was not there. I don't even gotta read the tweets 'cause they all said the same thing. Where's free? Where's free? Where's free? Where's free? Where's free? Uhuh, where's free? Uhuh. Y'all know why we all here free actually addressed that. Let me read her actual caption that she posted.


So free said, because she started to see her see it too. People were literally tagging her in things because she, like they were, y'all were going off so bad in the comments, in the comments on Instagram when I posted it to Twitter. So she posted and said, I hate that. I couldn't make it, but Tooth Work was scheduled. I will see y'all on June 9th for the BET awards. All I know is we celebrating that 25 years ago, 1 0 6 and Park was created, I'm forever grateful to have been apart. And then she tagged Steven Grant Hill, who was one of the big execs over at BET at the time when they were there. And she said, love to infinity. See y'all soon.


So y'all, we did not, how, how dare y'all even think that we would just not include free. Like what? When I tell y'all I was excited about this interview for weeks And I was sad because originally I wasn't even supposed to be here in New York. I was supposed to be in Texas shooting a campaign and then my flight got canceled. So I was able to be here. I was running off of two hours of sleep, but I was like, I'm gonna get up And I'm gonna get dressed and I'm gonna be cute because I need my photo with free. So I was disappointed she didn't come as well. But you know, happy to know that she will be there for the reunion during the BET awards. Yeah. So y'all can please the, the tweet is still going. Y'all don't read. I posted what she said and y'all still don't read. But I appreciate the engagement though, lowriders be locked in. This has been another episode of the latest with Lauren LaRose And I tell y'all this all the time.


Y'all could be anywhere with anybody because at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. But y'all choose to be right here with me And I appreciate y'all for that. I'll catch y'all in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.