
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok at


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. What's happening? How's everybody feeling out there? I'm great. How you Feeling? I feel blessed Black and Holly favor, Jess. Hilarious. Is here. I'm cool. Okay. Jess has been still My job. I came into work. What's up? She's been trending all day. Yes. I think she's number nine right now. Okay. Because I was sitting at home last night trying to watch Magazine Dreams And I kept getting a bunch of phone calls and text messages and people is like, Jess Hilarious is going off on live, but we have audio. Okay. We supposed to be a team up there. Not one person. Not one person comes to my defense at all.


Like when I'm like not one mother ever with this online. Come on. I've been quiet a lot. If Jess Hilarious is quiet, it's a mother reason. I always got my mother mouth open all the time. Just ran like a high school. It is fair. East Side High. I agree with That. Fair Issa. Fair Point Before Mr. Clark though. Every day and they always talk. Well, you ain't at work. You ain't at work. Yes. I started picking up more shows. Hell no. That's how I'm getting. Hell no. Hell no. I have more fun outside the studio than I have in there now. Is you crazy?


No. Act like now act like, act like that's not for real. Act like nobody knew that. Stop acting like y Like what part You really what you mean? We don't have your back? I have more. Break that down. Explain how we don't have Your back. Okay. All right. So the narrative, like I said, with the online ish, that's what I said. Y ain't, ain't nobody trying to clear up no narrative about nothing that ever since I came back. It was weird. Yes, it was weird. Yeah. I I at first, no, I did not. I wasn't too fond of Lauren. Nah, I wasn't too fond of her when I came back because we had a whole plan. Even how when I, when I came back, I pick her to fill in for me. Right. I come back, she ain't never leave then. All right, cool.


Then she don't leave, but she's on only during my segment. If if, if she was meant to be a full post, move her in another way. Why she gotta be moved in on, because nobody had a problem with just with the mess until she started reading. Right. You know what Emini here, she reading right. Until she started reporting. I I wasn't hired as a reporter. I was, I was hired as just with the mess. So she started reading and delivering details and all that stuff. Yes. Then that's when just with the Mess wasn't good enough no more. That's how it was presented. So I'm like, all right. Cool. Said that though. Who? 'cause of the, because the internet Said that. What are we talking about? No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. This is, this is every, this is our listeners. This is, this is, yeah. Why can't, why can't we worry about the the comments and these are people that enjoy the show and watch the show.


It is not all about Instagram. It is YouTube. It's like we have people that been watching the show. Yeah. She's great at what she do. That's why I picked her to fill in for me. But when I came back, it was, it was, it's kind of, it is like, what's going on? If she's gonna be a fourth voice, why she only gotta be a Fourth Voice or Correct my segment. She wasn't a fourth voice. She was a producer. She was hired as a news producer to help with getting all news and doing interviews. She was gonna be The senior news producer. Yes. She wasn't on there when you came back. Lauren was not on there. She was in the back doing questions, sending interview questions. Oh my God. Reporting the news. Am I lying? I thought you lying. I thought, thought she lying. Am my She was on air. They told her don't step in this room. Yes, but I thought you was using her on purpose. What? You thought I was using Lauren on purpose?


Yes. No. What are we talking about? No, no, no. She didn't leave. When I came back the first day, the first day we had a whole situation like, all right, look, this was gonna happen and when it's time for us to roll it that it changed. No, the first question was about the only person who asked me about my baby maternity leave was Indy. Alright. I walked in, she addressed the, the hate and the comments. That was the first thing she addressed when I came back. I'm like, what, what the hell would, but y'all talk. I don think I wanna talk about that. Y'all talk off air though, right? So Yeah, yeah, yeah. We we started talking off air. We started to talk Talking. But I'm saying even prior to you even coming back. So, So then I felt uncomfortable that first day. So I'm like, all right, look, Thea was like, all right, all right, all right, well, we'll just take her off air.


She was back the next week. All right, cool. Because there was a voice. They, y'all wanted her on air. There was a voice. They, you know, they wanted her there, they wanted her here. There's, there's a place for Lauren in the show. Alright, cool. If it's a place for her In the show. But you wanted her, you wanted her head To go, let's do it another way. Yeah, because you, You, you said you wanted to change the segment from just with the mess to the Lauren. That was eventually, eventually, even when it, even when it came down to it still being called just with the mess, and then I'm introducing her to introduce stories. That was pointless and it was stupid. It is. No, just with the mess. Just make it brown girl grinding or, or Lauren with the latest or the legal Lauren's legal corner. I'm giving ideas. I'm like, yo, I, I even went the tail like, yo, change that. Change that.


Take that. Just with the mess off of that. I feel like I'm getting credit for something I'm not doing. And it's stupid. 'cause that's, this is not, what she does is not just with the mess. I read headlines And I give commentary. I say what people thinking. I Agree. Could I ask a Question though? You know what I'm saying? Yes. She's more of a reporter. She's journalism. Ask a question. What? Why didn't you wear a Durag this morning? Because why You joke so much, man. What You mean I'm, She is not a dur. But it's not, It's not a joke. Not I'm serious. You gonna bring it to the radio? I Wanna laugh. It's not a joke. It's not, it's not a joke. It's, it's a serious issue about it. It is a serious issue now. Okay, lemme just Sit back in Washington. 'cause I'm, you know, I'm just, I'm not Joe Clark because it's not I am actually, you're my baseball bat now. It's Now envy. That's what I'm saying.


No, nobody has even tried to clean up the narrative that I'm a villain man. I you Not a villain girl. You A villain. What? Yo, stop acting like you don't live in them Comments too, Charlotte. Stop acting like you don't understand. What do I, what do I always tell you? I say stop listening to the internet. Stop listening to the comments. Stop listening to the folks on YouTube. Don't let them trick you out your position. What you did last night is what they want you to do. And you can't let the internet win. No, but look, it is not even about what they want me to do. I did last night. What I wanted to do, what I felt like I should have been did. I've been asking questions. The internet loves mess. And one, and one of the easiest ways to create mess is to pit people against each other, especially two women. And I don't dwell in that. And y'all Know that. Yeah, but see, this is, this is the thing.


You let the internet dictate what's going on. We've had conversations, and this is the thing, and this is why I thought it was corny and this's just me personally. I thought it was corny because we have conversations up here. We just have a meeting. If you had a issue, a problem or situation or something that you felt why you ain't bringing to the team when you came back, Jess, I, I pulled you to the side. I said, Jess, if you feel uncomfortable, if you don't want Lauren in the room, this is your show. We can make that the change whenever you want. Did I not or did I not say that to you? Yeah, You did it. It is not about wanting her in the room, yo, it's about the segment. Like it, she was, it was like, yo, have that conversation unfair. If you had a problem, say it to us. We had a meeting yesterday, had conversations off and what We talking about? Not like that. Not like nobody having my back.


'cause we have your back as far as the Cory Holcomb thing. Y'all been beefing for 11 years. I'm not lying about yo, you, it's not even about you. You worried about comments and you worried about what people say after. I'm worried about the perception and my reputation. People on the show, they've been ising on me for 15 years. They've been ising on. That's on you. And I don't, it's on me. I don't let it affect me because I know who I am as a person. I don't give a f with them. People say the comments, come on. I know who I am. I know what I do. Love you. If you let them people get in the comments and f with you, you are great At what you do. Everybody simmer down like you are dope. She very dope. If you Let them people get piss you off. No f them niggas. I And I tell like you nice, like what you do is funny. I tell her that all the time on air you brought, you brought That energy that we needed to The Breakfast Club and you let a bitch ass person in a come and say something to sta you up.


I tell f niggas, We don't even know, we don't even know who these, these people are niggas. They Could be bots and all that, but, and, and we and, and we doing it on air when we could have did it behind the scenes like IF with you the long way, not on some internet ish. And the, and to hear that through that, that It sounds very light skinned. But let's go to the phones one. (800) 585-1051. Let's open the phone lines. Everybody. Woo. Stop. I'm going to get a spark. I got my candles lit. Spark. I got my candles lit. If you need me to light sage, I'll light Sage just wanna fight. Envy. B shut up be rage. It's The Breakfast Club. Check out video of the full show on Tuby free classic interviews. More on Tubi every day, all day long. All for free. Just search Breakfast club and grab your popcorn.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club


Ever wake up feeling lousy, knowing something is off with your body. You don't have time for guesswork. You need ome. Forget all the generic health fads. Ome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, OME delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? Viome has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $110 off any test. That's star. Star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace, executive producer Ryan Murphy and Director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same. They're fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's limits into Spike Lemonade. Shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. Mid-century modern stars. Nathan Lane, Matt Bomer, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Lavin. Mid-century modern premiers. March 28th, streaming on Hulu.


Now you can get Disney Plus and Hulu together for just 2 99 a month for four months. We sure would love that. Get both and watch Marvel's. Daredevil, born again in Moana, two on Disney plus. Can I get a Chi H on Hulu? Check out Good American Family and Paradise. Call it in now. Disney Plus and Hulu, together for just 2 99 a month. All of these and more streaming soon. New and returning subscribers. 18 plus only after four months. Plant auto renews at 10 99 a month until canceled. Offer ends 3 30, 25. Terms apply.