
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, if stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at What's Up With Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Lauren? Yes, I know that you're single And I want That's, that's not a joke. That's not a joke. I know that you're single, but people don't know what you want. That's the thing. Okay, so what I, what I'm doing is I have two potentials for people to know what you want. You have to let us know. Okay? So look, I'm gonna give you two options. You gonna pick, okay. All right. So 34-year-old man, no kids. Master chef with a show on Food Network. Intentional lover. Very romantic. Okay. He's resourceful and supportive, but he's insecure. He got trust issues and he's manipulative. Oh, that's number one. Two 40-year-old, two teenage kids from a previous marriage. So he's been married before divorced.


Okay. All right. CEO of an established tech company, emotionally intelligent. His love languages are acts of service and physical touch, but he don't believe in God. And his best friend is his mother. I like this. Just, I know how to get her outta here. I'm gonna find her a man. You know what? Shut up. You trying to get me pregnant, Jess. No, I'm not trying to get you pregnant. I'm turn back. Hey, come on. Yo, for real. Which one The God thing. How deep is his? How deep is his disbelief or non-belief in God? He Don't go to church. He don't believe in God at all. He doesn't, he doesn't even believe in, in higher being. You believe that we are energies. Okay. And we're just colliding.


I I would probably take the second guy. Second guy. I don't believe in God and that's best friends with his mom. Only because I feel like I would need to explore the friendship it with the mom. And maybe it's just a, it's it. Maybe it's healthy. Maybe it's a he was raised well and the god, the spiritual thing. I, you know, I walk with God And I think that my faith journey, I could bring him on in because we get married. You can bring them in. We get married in the church outside of Birth. We're perfect for the Lord. Yeah, All the time. I love it. That's what my walk looks like. Now you know these men In real life. No, absolutely not. But I just, I'm trying to figure out do it. I'm like, what you want? What is happening? Girl, I thought you had this a little she for me. People are gonna hear this 'cause they wanna know what you want. So now the right men gonna be calling up looking for you and we gonna turn, we don't you gonna get your Now on the atheist about to be at my dms.


Good luck, Lauren. Thank you. Going need It. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all.


Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma R are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


You know more about the PayPal debit card than you did at the start of this podcast. You know that the PayPal debit card gives you the ability to pay everywhere. You know that you earn 5% cash back on a category of your choosing on up to $1,000 of monthly purchases. And you know that you get to pick a new category every month. Apparel for back to school groceries for the holidays. Start earning 5% cash back with the PayPal debit card today. Don't just pay PayPal terms apply. See PayPal app. This card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to license by MasterCard International, Inc.