
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting. Bose and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Everybody, it's your favorite plate. Cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Are Your ears bored? Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say get Yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio. Season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm the, I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio. A radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Listen to Loca Tora Radio. Season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


From the producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows a lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You Like me? He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Delma painting. You can do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So look, scenario, right? So no, you know I always give you two men to choose from, but I wanna know what you would do in this situation. You still trying to find our man? Absolutely. And I told her about the day you done and don't call me about thought. We got past. You gonna talk about it? I thought we got past it. We're not passing it until she lands a man. Okay? We're not gonna be past it. Okay? Now you don't want me to be happy first. It is like she ain't got no, I kind of want you to be here a little bit, but just clearly still nothing but continue. Hey Yo, I want you to be here. Do not, don't do that stupid. Oh my God, listen. Alright, cool. I ain't gonna be the one reporting, so you gotta be here. So listen, alright. You're dating this guy for six months, y'all six months in, he moved you in. Of course he wooed you and everything. You met his family and all he's successful now.


Y'all are out one night, right? And on your way out of the restaurant, a bisexual guy comes up to your man and he says, oh, this what we doing now Listen and walks away. That's all he said. And your man didn't really give a response, he just kind of brushed it off like, oh whatever. Come on. He grabbed your hand and y'all get in the car. First thing you do is immediately ask, what the hell was that about? And he, he tells you that that guy from years ago was his assistant. He, he was once his assistant and he didn't like how he was terminated once the company went under and he's just upset. And that's the first time he's seen him in years. What do you do? Do you believe that?


Do you do more digging or do you just automatically throw him in the boat with the guy? He's in the boat. And I'm definitely gonna dig, first of all, I'm not walking out the restaurant. We're you turning? Now we gotta have a, a conference call. Mm, this is a press conference. Now I need to understand what you mean. Okay. So what would you have said to the guy? 'cause you're Lauren la Rosen and, and one thing you do is reach out. So the thing is reach out and touch that. You gonna reach out to the guy. Let's hold hands and agree that I need to have a real conversation of what did you mean by that? What do you mean this is what we're doing now? What was y'all relationship? What was the I'm confused. 'cause it's giving me that. This is so sad. Sad. Y'all used to deal with each other And I didn't know that that was a past thing. If so, but the guy, his disposition sad.


Your man is like, this is great. Like sad. Go, Go. I don't even, I ain't even got time for this. See Greg game. I don't care. The guy switches off like, okay, this Is so Sad. You know, I don't care what my man is giving. 'cause one thing they gonna do is downplay and one thing I'm gonna do, get to the bottom of it. Okay? Okay. And what if you got your man phone later and saw that he text the gay guy? First of all, she's trans. Ah, Uhuh It something about Her. Yes. Now I'm not even asking questions. I'm out like you are. Yeah, I can't date. I don't wanna dating a bisexual man is the Latest with Lauren. Oh my god, this is sad. First off, she's sad. You know what? Sad? Because She can't even get a man. You trying to just make up a fake man for her and she can't even get that right. Oh my God, that is so messed up.


I did nothing wrong. This is a scenario that I'm creating. Jess, Before we go to break, you know what happened? Gia was felt so bad. Gia was like, I think I found somebody for Jess. Oh, I found somebody for Lauren, right? For Lauren. Oh no. And we been getting calls all week. It Was a white guy and Lauren turned him down. You turned down somebody white. Yes, that okay. I did. I got you. So you, you want the Melanated Kings, But okay, I would be proud. But now she's single again. All right, well, the people's told Be's up next xo, like how much money he make. Oh my goodness. The Breakfast Club. Good morning, God, black Queens forever. Snow buns. Never You're feeling this too is a horror anthology podcast. It brings different creators to tell 10 vile, no, No, no, no, no, no, no.


Grotesque. Oh my God. Horrific stories on what scares them the most. You're feeling this too. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From the producers who brought you Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows a lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You Like me. He actually is too good to be true. This Is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. We can do this together.


Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey y'all, it's your girl Cheeky, and I'm back with a brand new season of your favorite podcast, cheeky and Chill. I'll be sharing even more personal stories with you guys. And as always, you'll get my exclusive take on topics like Love, personal Growth, health, family Ties and more. And don't forget, I'll also be dishing out my best advice to you on episodes of Dear Cheeky, it's going to be an exciting year And I hope that you can join me. Listen to Cheeky and Chill season four on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Welcome to Pod of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast.


I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skar. Sabine Run, specter five. I'm Taylor Gray As a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowaway moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from this series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jelle and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.