
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus Sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You hear that Norovirus? I I know that Norovirus when I hear it now. Yeah, she Usually got a mask on. I'm she chilling with nothing on Today. What? What's up, man? Coughing. You like That? Why? Just Sez in that direction? You can't be sneezing to me now. I got places to be. All right. Okay. Like the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening Saturday, April 26th. Okay. Tickets go on sale tomorrow, Wednesday, February 26th at 12:00 PM Eastern. Okay. The Trap Nerds Podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion the r and B Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine and the Woman Evolve podcast, which Sarah Jakes Roberts. Okay. Tickets on sale February 26th. Tomorrow 12:00 PM Eastern Saturday, April 26th.


Pullman Yards, Atlanta, Georgia, hosted by Mandy b Weezy Third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. We'll see you there. That's right. Shout to Louis V. He'll be DJing that. My God. Louis V will be providing the soundtrack. What up? Louis? Drop on a close bond for Louis v. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families.


The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. I'm Kristin Davis, host of the podcast. Are you a Charlotte? The Incredible. Cynthia Nixon joins me this week for a conversation filled with memories and stories. I didn't even know Cynthia could have been Carey. When I first read the script, they asked me to read for Carrie as I think they asked you to read for Carrie And I did.


And they were like, yeah, not so much. You can't miss this. Listen to, are You a Charlotte on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I'm David b And I'm his grandson, Langton Kerman. And we host My mama Told me the podcast about black conspiracy theories. And we're here to tell you that we have our boy Mourne Morris on the podcast this week. You will not want to miss out on hilarious moments like these. I'm the same guy who believes in lizard people, so I don't, I don't. So I, we should have started with, I look at All this like this. I go, eh, catch La Warren Morris on My Mama Told Me with Lang and Kerman and David Bore on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, Brooklyn nine, nine ERs.


It's a reunion. The ladies of the nine nine are getting back together for a special episode of the podcast, more better host Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro, welcome friend and former castmate Chelsea Ferretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah, you And I was like, can I also hug them? Listen to more. Better with Stephanie and Melissa on America's number one podcast network. iHeart. Follow more, better, and start listening on the free iHeartRadio app today.