
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts


If you own a home. Here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash, and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30,


Ready for another dose of mystery into Mind games. The Hulu original series nine Perfect Strangers, is Back for an all new season. This may a new group of visitors with mysterious connections to each other, journey to an opulent healing retreat subjected to an intense and unorthodox form of therapy and wellness. They peel back the layers in a series of shocking twists and revelations starring Nicole Kidman. Nine Perfect Strangers is now streaming on Hulu new episodes Wednesdays


When it comes to your health and wellbeing, the right care can change everything. That's why Cleveland Clinic has been elevating world-class patient care for over a century. From the latest in heart neurology and cancer care, to advance diagnostics and beyond. Cleveland Clinic is here for every care in The World. Explore a wide variety of health and wellness info by visiting cleveland clinic.org today.


Add dry eye relief to your routine with Refresh Optive Mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with inactive ingredients like flaxseed oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh Optive Mega three is safe to use as often as needed, so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eyedrop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible.


Welcome to Jess Hill with Dr. J, a production of The Black Effect Podcast Network. And iHeartRadio, welcome back to another episode of Jess Hill with Dr. Jay. And I am your host, Dr. Jay Barnett. And I'm excited about today's guest. I have my great friend, you know her as Ms. Cookie, but I know her as t and all of the many characters that we have been blessed to see her play. But today we want to have a conversation about healing. And as y'all know, when you come into the healing community, we're talking about things that are impactful for our journey that can impact our life. And I'm so happy to have my friend Raji p Henson, joining me with the Healing Community today.


Welcome. Thank you. Listen, I am excited about this episode and this episode. I, I think that's gonna be transformative because May's Mental Health Month, and we have been working together for a number of years under the, the Boris Henson Foundation provided free therapy to black men and black women. And I just think this conversation is not had enough, even though we are talking about it more. But before I start into the conversation, always ask every guest. I don't ask them how they're doing, I ask them, how are you feeling? I'm feeling blessed today. Really happy and excited about today.


'cause you know, of course we're having our symposium and we're helping the kids. And I actually used to go to Oxen Hill High School. Really? So I feel really good about giving back to them in this way. To, to give back to, Before we start, can I Just say I'm proud of you, black man. Thank you. I'm just really, really proud of you. I Am. Thank you. Thank you. And listen, I wanna say this to everybody. Y'all only know me because of Tara Roger. Well, Like for real. And so I, I have to say, I'm, I'm, I'm humble because it was a black woman. It was you, I think came across one of my videos and then your team reached out to me.


This was what, 2020? This was 2020, yeah. Yeah. And, and we did the Breakfast Club virtual at that time. And I just wanna say thank you for seeing me and for providing the opportunity for The World to know my voice and not just my story, but the voice and the impact that I would have on black men. It was you. And, and this is why we need black women. I and We need y'all. So We need each other. We need each other. Like I And I, And I wish, you know, we could settle these, these, these wars that we having online because we're we're, we're so needed in just building each other.


Yeah, For sure. You know, for sure. You know. So, you know, you, you feel blessed. You look amazing. I, I don't know what you drinking or what you're doing, but you look amazing. Like I, I know you take trips to Bali and Bali is your place to really get away in the checkout. What has that been for your healing journey? It is a place, it's a great place to recenter because it's not a place about vanity. You know, A lot of times when you go overseas, it's about shopping and this and that. And I, that's not where you go for that. It's literally eat, pray, love. The people are beautiful. They pray over everything.


They pray over you. It's a lot of yoga Emini here. The food is from the earth. Everything is clean eating. I just feel so nurtured. We call it Mother Bo because the land is so nurturing. But that's just, that has become my, my place to go when I need to recenter. Yeah. And how, and get away from it all. 'cause it's very far. Yeah. Now, when you go, how, how long are you gone? The first time I stayed for a month. The second time I went for like two and a half weeks. Yeah. Yeah. You, it's not a quick trip 'cause it takes about 24 hours to get there. Wow. Wow. And when, when, when you go there and you recenter yourself, how does your spirit feel to step away from America?


Let me just tell you this. The first time I went, I landed at some weird hour in the morning. They had a herbal bath waiting for me. I took it, it was like four o'clock in the morning by the time I unpacked and got in bed, I slept for 12 hours. Can I tell you the last time I slept through like 12 straight hours, I since probably in my twenties when I was going to the clubs and stuff. Wow. Yeah. 12 straight hours. And I never could sleep that peacefully in the States. Wow. Do you, do you feel because of the chaos and the noise is why many of us can't rest?


Absolutely. I literally remember after my month stay, it felt like it went so fast. And I remember I was crying, packing, coming back. I did not wanna come back. And soon as I got back to America, it was a mass shooting in Chinatown and LA I was like, And I, And I, And I remember texting you when you come back and you was just saying, I did not wanna come back to this. Did not Wanna come Back, did not wanna come. I heard a doctor say, if you ever find yourself diagnosed with cancer and you wanna survive, the first thing you gotta do is leave America. What? Yes. He said, that's the first thing you have to do. He didn't go into the medicines, he didn't go into holistic.


He said, the first thing you must do is leave America. Wow. You know, I'm writing this book and, and it's title I, I actually just got agreed to the terms. This is my first major book deal. And I'm excited about this, this, because the book is about pursuing pace. And the subtitle is in a world that's not slowing down. And as you were speaking about the doctor saying, you gotta leave here, we are in such a hurry. And there's such stress that we have day to day and, and I'm saying to myself, how do we ever find pace?


How did you create pace in your busy world? I, where I live is very peaceful. My house is sits on a hill away from the noise. I don't hear any street traffic. It's my sanctuary. And I had a friend who's very clairvoyant say that he saw like Native Americans around the property in spirit protecting it. So I would have friends fly in from out of town and they would come in all stress and they come to my house and they would be like, oh my God. I just feel so peaceful. And when I was living in Chicago, I would, you know, working on that show could be kind of crazy. When I was on empire, I would go to LA back to my house to regather myself.


So that's literally my sanctuary is home. I have two dogs. I just got a new puppy. Lord, why did I do that? He hella dog. Yeah. I have Frenchies. Okay. Two Frenchies. Yeah. And they're my joy, you know, simple things. Nothing, you know, it ain't about going to a spa or any of that. I work out a lot, which for me is more, is more about my mental than the ata the aesthetics, you know, because it, it releases those good endorphins, you know. So simple, keeping everything really simple. You know, I have my playroom, which is my salon. When I was a little girl, we couldn't afford nothing. And so I always promised myself when I got older, I would, I would make a room where I could play And I would buy all the things that I couldn't afford when I was a kid.


And it's my salon And I have my little doll heads that I go in there And I work. It's just where I don't want to tell all my business. But I love that. Yes, my space Emini here. I could be, The World could be burning up and I'd be in my salon having fun with my doll heads. Like, I like that. Because it's almost like you get to connect back to the little girl. Absolutely. I reached out to Tyler Perry one time. I said, while The World is burning up, I'm in here watching Madea movies. And I turned the camera around and show. He said, wow, Taraji, that's you protected letting that taking care of that little TJ little girl. And I was like, absolutely.


Oh God, this is this, this is so rich. Because I'm sitting here thinking about, you know, childhood wounds and childhood traumas and all those different things. And I don't think we realize as we're aging that we're either doing one or two things. We're either running from the little boy or little girl, or we're trying to replace or give the little boy a little girl what they didn't have at that particular time. And as you are, were talking about sitting there and playing with the doll heads. Does that bring a level of peace to the little girl inside of me? I forget, I don't my office be trying to reach me and the phone will be buzzing And I get annoyed because I don't wanna deal with that.


And then I'll be like, hello? They like, you gotta come outta that room. You have to answer these questions. You gotta sign these documents. And they know when they can't find me, they know that's where I am. Yeah. You know, it just brings me so much peace and joy. And that's where I was during the pandemic. Like, I literally stayed in my salon. Is that how you got through the Pandemic? That's how I got through it. So what I'm hearing you saying is healing is a part of us also reconnecting to our childhood in some sort, You said, I look how youthful I look because I never let that little girl inside of me die. I go outside and run outside with the dogs. I still play like a kid.


I laugh, you know, I love jokes. I love funny, I love laughing. I laugh at myself. I don't take myself too seriously. That's the stuff that keeps you young. It it is. And stops you from being so hard. Yeah, because I was reading, I was doing something about black men and aging and this new data set, the average life expectancy for black men is 61.5, 10 years less of white males, which is 72. And we're not, you know, we always hear black don't crack. Right. But internally, we're cracking. And when you're talking about aging, what has been one of the ways that you realize that it's a secret to remaining youthful as we're aging and as we are evolving?


What, what things are you doing? I know you working out, I know you, you go to Bali, the retreat. What other things have you discovered Going to bed at seven? I love it. Listen, when I tell you on Friday nights, I am so excited to go to bed like eight o'clock on Friday. That's every night. And so my mother clowned me one time. 'cause I caught FaceTime during, she was like, you in bed already? It was seven o'clock. And I was like, yeah. I'm telling you. I I, that's my favorite time of the day. I be dancing to the bed, Man. Isn't that, isn't that something? And And I remember when we was kid, you hated it. Hated Hate. Some nights I'm in bed by six 30 'cause I'm like, I'm done with my day.


Like I'm done answering questions, I'm done answering questions, I'm done. You know, with the, you know, emails, I, I'm just, I'm ready to go to bed. And my dogs are, they're so used to seven. They eat at seven and they go right to their crates. 'cause they know Mama finna shut it down. Listen, I I was, I was my mom. She goes to bed at, at like six 30 or seven and she said, baby, the day is over. It's over. It's a wrap. What else you want from me? So What Else? And And I'm laughing because, you know, my mom heard her husband and, and you know, she was like, he'll be in there. And going back to the childhood thing, she, so he likes doing puzzles and he likes science projects.


So he's like, he goes and buys these science projects and she's like, baby, I'm been to bed. I said, what Mr. Charlie doing? Oh, baby Charlie never playing with his little, she said, I've gone to bed. Because I don't think we realize that we are sleeping, but we don't rest. We're not resting. Yeah. And you know what? I cut out the alcohol too. Know I've not that I was a heavy drinker, but I just can't recover. I can't, the recovery, even if I have wine the next day, I'm like, I just, and it's just like, what's the point? You know? So I enjoy my mocktails, but I noticed since I stopped drinking, I have lucid dreams.


I can't, I can't remember the last, I used to dream like this. And I wake up the next day And I remember my dreams. Like, I'll get up in the middle of the night, go to the bathroom, go back to sleep, and continue the dream. The same dream. And I, and I've often heard doctors talk about how alcohol, you know, we don't think about it even just with wine, but just how it can be one of the most deadliest. And not just from a physical perspective, but cognitively the brain doesn't function the same. It Just doesn not, it doesn't. So for you, what is a good time now when you go out, you don't, you haven't mocktail. Is that enough for you? That's enough for me. But see now we live in a society where if you're not drinking something's wrong, girl, why you not drinking?


Yeah. So to remedy that, I go straight to the bar And I get a Sonos of water, put a lime in it. Bam. So nobody's asking me questions asking, but I found out that I can really enjoy myself sober. Like I've ha I, because you know why I remember what I did the night before. Mm. When I was drinking. And people be like, girl, remember what you said? I be like, I said that I did that. Like, I don't, I wanna know. I wanna know what I did. Like, you know, then as you're aging, I'm like, does that mean I'm getting Alzheimer's? You know, that's not, that's my fear, you know? So, you know, once I proved to myself that I could really still go out and really enjoy. In fact, I think I had more fun because I remember it.


Yeah. And you're present. Very present. I have not clocked out and, but the people, the people that are inebriated be talking to me and I'm like, you think they really think they making sense? Mm mm And and you feel like, and especially in, but I don't judge, you know? That's right. Exactly. I don't judge. I just, you know, I'm like that, that used to be me. Now let me ask you this. When you were drinking, do you feel like it was part of just kind of escape Social? Yeah, absolutely. And it was the thing to do, like, it's like you going out and drinking is hand in hand. Like, yeah. Even going to dinner and having a girl, first thing you do is I the first thing they offer you. Would you like cocktails? Here's the drink menu.


You know? And I found it interesting. I'm gonna tell you when I started thinking about the sobriety was when I went to the Paris Olympics, there was no alcohol at any of the games. At any of the gymnasiums. No, no alcohol. Well, And I found that people were present. There were no drunk drunken fights. 'cause you fighting, you know, you rooting for your country. And this one rooting for you. Getting into these arguments, Emini here, it was the most peaceful and pleasant experience I had at a sporting event. Wow. And I, And I didn't even, yeah. I I wouldn't even think that how present you could be without the alcohol. Yeah. Very present. Wow.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LL C license in 50 states. NM ls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin, meaningful beauty, makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


From prioritizing time to keep our bodies active, to simply creating space to check on our wellbeing. Happiness Lab listeners take their health very seriously. But when it comes to treating complex issues like heart disease, neurological disorders, or even cancer, the right care can make all the difference. That's why Cleveland Clinic has been elevating world class patient care for over a century. Whether they're raising the bar in heart care, uncovering the mysteries of the brain, or researching new treatments for cancer. Cleveland Clinic continues to redefine what's possible for every breakthrough in health, for every care in The World. Explore a wide array of health and wellness information by visiting Cleveland clinic.org today.


This is rad DeLuca from a really good cry. Did you know that approximately one in three Americans have insulin resistance and consume over 300% more than their daily recommended intake of sugar? I'm here to tell you that you can stop sugar cravings before they even start with Apothecary Sugar Kit. This potent tincture features Japanese inspired ingredients studied for their ability to support healthy blood sugar levels, giving you more energy, less fatigue and fortified longevity. Apotheker is a leading Japanese health and wellness brand dedicated to harnessing the power of plant medicine. It is inspired by founder and CEO Shi Zu AUSA's, Japanese heritage and mission to bridge East and West by harnessing the intelligence of nature. Their goal is to make everyday healing. Second nature Apathic area's products are formulated by clinical herbalist with specialized knowledge of plant medicine and science backed research to craft the formulas add sugar, kick into your daily routine to keep life sweet while also balancing your hormones. Find apothecary in SPRs farmer's market stores nationwide and online@alta.com. Amazon and apothecary.com. That's apothecary with a k@apothecary.com.


You know, speak about being present. I've known you and Tracy for a number of years. You guys love each other out loud. Most people don't have what you guys have. The years of friendship that you guys have. Like, I'm usually talking to people that's they're changing friends every two to three years. And then best friends. How important has the friendship for, for you on your healing journey? Because I often tell clients, or just even in my circle, that you can't heal without a community. How important is the friendship and having people who can be present?


Yeah. Well she is been, she's been very important for me throughout our friendship throughout life. Because I was the hothead, you know, I'm like, push that bitch in the throat. Yes. And she like, bring it to zero. Come back, find your zero. You know what Emini here, she's a Libra. So she actually balanced me. And I'm a, I'm a Virgo And I get heady and I'm very analytical. And so she helped me work through that as a kid. And we can be very judgmental. She, she worked with me on that. So I'm a very conscious Virgo. You know what Emini here, I know how to check myself when that part of my astrological side shows up. You know what? Emini here because of her, you know, she, you know, and, and going through what I go through in the industry, it's good to have someone to check in on me because I'm good at pretending I have to, you know, I have to show up to work and put on that smile even though I'm dying inside.


You know what? Emini here. And so, because I have someone who understands that just by the sound of my hello, she will pull up, you know, Pam, you met Pam. Yeah. She will pull up like, you don't sound right. I don't care what's going on out there. I need to come look at them eyes. You know? And it's important to have people like that because it's easy to isolate. It's so easy. And I can, I isolate. Well, I told you where I live on the hilltop away from everything. But you know what I'm saying? So you have to have people to check on you because sometimes I don't even know that I'm not right until she bring, 'cause I'm so used to being on, you know, she was like, you good?


And I'm like, yeah, I'm good. She's like, no you're not. And then it forces me to check, you know what, I'm a little, I do feel a little off. You know? So it's very important. I said that to the kids out at COPE University yesterday. I was like, y'all check on each other. Don't let, don't let your friends or your, your, you know, people in your circle suffer. If they don't sound right, don't look like, check on them. Pull up. Yeah. You could be saving a life. You know, that's what I miss most about the elders. Yeah. Is my grandmother used to say, baby, come by and let me lay eyes on you. And here's how they knew that something was going on. 'cause you would stay away. Yep. Because the moment they saw you, you know that they will see you.


And we need people that will call us and say, let me lay eyes on me f and to feel your energy and to feel where your spirit is. And I, you know, there's, and the surgeon General of Vivic talks a lot about this epidemic of loneliness that we have. And there's so many lonely people that's such loneliness. And we would think that we are more connected because we have phones. But as I like to say, I think we are overly connected, but under commune Absolutely. Because we don't have real connections. You know, we don't have real people that really have this level of sci discernment to say, you know what, something is off with you. Yep.


And when we don't have that, this is why we have a lot of people who just feel nobody cares. And I think they're not giving the space for people how important am And I, And I want this to really be loud for, for sisters to hear that it's okay to allow yourself to be truly seen and, and men to be seen to say, Hey, I need somebody to sit with me. I think we have, especially black people, we have been trained and conditioned through our trauma to be strong and put on this front. Like, ain't I'm good, I'm good. But I always say vulner, the strength is in vulnerability.


You know, when you're able to be vulnerable and, and speak your truth. That's what draws more people in. 'cause people are afraid to do that. You know, a lot of people are afraid to do that. But you have to because being strong all the time will break you. We're not buildings, we're not, we are not here. We are not built like a structure like this. We're not supposed to be strong all the time. Yeah. There is sometimes when you have to pull it together, but you can't do that all the time. It's, it's humanly impossible. It's, it's, I I want to ask you this. You started the Boris Henson Foundation 'cause of your dad and Who was a man who was very strong but was, was not afraid to be vulnerable.


He would cry, he would talk about when he didn't feel right. Emini here, he wore his heart on his sleeve. He was incredible. I miss him so much. I'm sorry, I didn't mean to cut You off. Oh no, no, you're good. No, I, yeah, I'm, and I'm glad that you shared that knowing what, what you've done and you have pioneered a space in the mental health realm and you have created opportunities for these conversation. I, I, I often say it was you and Charlemagne who really championed the space for blacks because no one had never seen any one of you guys caliber be open about your challenges. What would your dad say today if he could see the work that you out Cannot be honest because he is anybody gonna be offended with the N word?


He called everybody nigga. He'd be like, little nigga, I'm proud of you. That's exactly, I can hear him in my dream sometimes. He comes to me so vividly in my, that's another thing I hadn't dreamt about my father in so long And I stopped drinking. And I've been having very lucid dreams where I see him, I hear him. The last dream I had about him, he had come to visit. This is the only house he had never seen passed away before I got this house. And he was, he had come to visit and he was building hedges around all my windows. He was like, nah, because they building the mall down the way and you know, them little niggas gonna be trying to come up in and rob you. So I had to pretend. But that was him letting me know in spirit, he's still protecting me.


Protect me. Yeah. But that's what he would say. Wow. I love it. I love it. Hey, that ain't little nigga. You doing it? That sound like that Sound like my grandmomma. Well man, that, that is so beautiful.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you today. American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com Today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC licensed in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Now I'd like to introduce you to Meaningful Beauty, the famed skincare brand created by iconic supermodel Cindy Crawford. It's her secret to absolutely gorgeous skin, meaningful beauty, makes powerful and effective skincare simple. And it's loved by millions of women. It's formulated for all ages and all skin tones and types. And it's designed to work as a complete skincare system, leaving your skin feeling soft, smooth, and nourished. I recommend starting with Cindy's full regimen, which contains all five of her bestselling products, including the amazing youth activating melon serum. This next generation serum has the power of melon leaf stem cell technology. It's melon leaf stem cells encapsulated for freshness and released onto the skin to support a visible reduction in the appearance of wrinkles with thousands of glowing five star reviews. Why not give it a try? Subscribe today and you can get the amazing meaningful beauty system for just 49 95. That includes our introductory five piece system, free gifts, free shipping, and a 60 day money back guarantee. All of that available@meaningfulbeauty.com.


From prioritizing time to keep our bodies active, to simply creating space to check on our wellbeing. Happiness Lab listeners take their health very seriously. But when it comes to treating complex issues like heart disease, neurological disorders, or even cancer, the right care can make all the difference. That's why Cleveland Clinic has been elevating world-class patient care for over a century. Whether they're raising the bar in heart care, uncovering the mysteries of the brain, or researching new treatments for cancer, Cleveland Clinic continues to redefine what's possible for every breakthrough in health. For every care in The World. Explore a wide array of health and wellness information by visiting Cleveland clinic.org today.


This is rad DeLuca from a really good cry. Apothecary is a leading Japanese health and wellness brand dedicated to harnessing the power of plant medicine. Apotheker is inspired by founder and CEO Zu AUSA's, Japanese heritage and mission to bridge East and West. By harnessing the intelligence of nature, their tinctures are easy to add into your daily routine. You can take them directly into your mouth or mix into a delicious functional mocktail. I tried Blue Burn, a powerful blend designed to boost metabolism, curved sugar cravings. And it's packed with Oregon Grapefruit, a natural source of Bain plus stress supporting adaptogens to balance blood sugar and support your recovery. Apothecary is sold in sprouts, farmers market stores nationwide and online@alta.com. Amazon and apothecary.com. That's apothecary with a k@apothecary.com.


This question, I'll ask all the guests And I ask this question, this podcast is Just Heal with Dr. J. You been open about your healing journey. I've been open about my healing journey And I asked myself this question and, and it was one that I had to take a deep breath and deep sigh. When you think about healing, what does healing means to you? To teah. See, Well I tell you this, it ain't all pretty, you know, 'cause you going to have to open up some scars that hurt and you gonna have to go to some ugly places.


But the only way to get through it is to get through it. You can't go under it. You can't go over it. You can't avoid it. 'cause eventually it is going to implode. Eventually it's gonna overtake you. So you have to go through the muck to get through to the other side. You know, they always say, I know it's cliche after every storm the sun comes out, gotta go through the storm first. You know, but that's how, that's how you have to undo and undoing sometimes can be very uncomfortable. You have to have very uncomfortable conversations with yourself, with people you know who helped with the trauma. But, you know, it's, it can be tough and, but you, you can do it.


Yeah. You know, if I could do it or Jay can do it, you can do it. Yeah. Because it's in you to do it and it's your responsibility. Yes. Yes. You know, you can't keep blaming everybody, especially at a big grown age. At some point you have to take responsibility for your healing. You must. Yes. You know. Do you feel a lot of people are afraid to take Responsibility? Oh, absolutely. 'cause they're scared to go through the storm. You know, they think somehow sweeping things under the carpet is gonna make it good. Yeah. But you know, And, and, and as I said, just because you hide it doesn't mean it's not there. It's always there. It comes out in ways, you know, it comes, it manifests itself in how you deal with people. That part, If you drinking too heavy, you smoking a little too much.


Like all of that is escapism. If you going out eating too much sex, Emini here, it's, it, it manifests itself in all kinds of ways. So you gotta deal with It. Yes. You gotta deal with it. 'cause if you don't deal with it going deal with you, it is going to deal with you. Deal with you. And it's going to affect your health at you have a nervous system. Come on. Talk about it. Emini Here. I'm not a scientist. I'm not a doctor. Come On. Talk about it. But I am a doctor. But you know, because I, what is it with honorary? Yes, yes you Are right. But I'm not that kind of doctor. But I do know you have a nervous system and your, your body listens to your brain. You know?


And so if you're not feeding yourself good information, it's gonna show up in your body. You said what? I was You look good. What fountain you drinking from? I said the fountain of Peace. Peace. The fountain of peace. You hear that? I protect my peace at all. Car. If you not on a healing journey, I can't talk to you. Bye. I can't, I can't do it. Can't do it. Because the can't do it. It, it costs too much. It costs me my peace and I'm not willing to give that up. I finally got here. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. You better exhale. I finally got here. No, how hard and how long, how much f the stuff I had to go do to get here.


Like, I finally got here and I'm just not gonna let anybody disturb me from my peace. Yeah. See when I tell you, I love that for you and to see your journey And I, that that, that's really what I was telling cj. I said, man, I really want us all to get to a place where we're just not stuck on survival. Yeah. And we're not stuck on, you know, just trying to figure it out each time. And just like allowing ourself to have this level of peace where we know what it's like to just breathe. Yeah. Yeah. And it's gonna take us to heal us. You know what, Emini here, nobody's gonna come and save us.


Yeah. You know, And I think what we're doing, the work that we're doing is so important because we're allowing people to, to the freedom to feel the fields and to talk about it in the open. 'cause once upon a time, this wasn't talked about like this. No, it wasn't. No. You know, everybody was pretending to be strong and act like they have it together. Especially celebrities or people in, in, in the limelight. Because people on the outside look in and think, oh, they have everything. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm gonna tell you something like the great guru biggie Small said, more money, more problems. 'cause money does not, the the rich people, the filthy rich, they the most unhealed, unhealthy folk walking the universe.


'cause money can't fix it. It it can't. Bishop Jakes told me, this is recently, he said, I was telling him about the podcast and he was excited and everything I'm doing. And he looked at me and he said, you don't realize how much we needed. He said, I don't know that. He said, you know what type of people I'm connected to Jay? He said, I don't know anybody that's at peace right now. Listen, Andy Emini here, he was in his in his fashion. I don't know anybody that's at peace. You gotta do this. And I'm like, Bishop. 'cause he said, think about celebrities and the entertainers and all these high levels, especially for black people who are under this umbrella of a black excellence that I think oftentimes is really blanketing black anxiety.


Ooh, ooh. A chill one. Not my son when you say that. Mm. Because there's this pressure to keep performing. Yeah. And, and he said, I don't know anybody that's at peace right now. So to hear you come in and say, I'm drinking for the, from the fountain of peace, baby. Listen, I I'm not even dating right now. Somebody's like, you not dating? No, I'm not dealing with nobody's unhealed son. Can I get an amen hallelu? Hallelujah. Because I'm telling you, I told, I've had my house re renovated. Right. And I found this incredible black couple out of the south to come in and to design the interior. And they are incredible.


But I told them in the beginning, I said, I want it to look like a straight girl house when you come in here. If I start dating, I don't want no dude to feel like, oh yeah, I can, no, you can't move up in here. In fact, guess what? I don't even have a drawer for your stuff. I don't have a drawer. 'cause my stuff is in all the drawers. So pack your bag when you come and pack it up when you go. Yeah. And you know, I'm, I'm even thinking about like the marriage thing. Like I don't even know if I need the stresses of that in my life. You a lifetime partner for sure. But at this big old age, I'm not having kids. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. I, I I want a partner. I don't know if I want the papers to go.


I don't. I don't know if I want that. Yes. You know, I'm not saying I don't want a man, I need to be very clear with you. But that, but that's real though. T that's real. Because at, at this season and, and at this juncture, the work you've done, And I often tell people the work that you've done, you would have to undo this to deal with somebody who hasn't done work, who's afraid to do work and then who's not really committed to the work. And I'm not willing to do that. I'll, they'll start going to therapy just 'cause you talked about it, but you're not really committed because if you know you really going to therapy 'cause I brought it up. But you're not really interested in growing and evolving. And if you're not with somebody that is con committed to their own journey Yeah.


Then I can't help you. 'cause I'm not willing to give up my peace. I fought too hard to get here. I'm, I'm just not willing. I I even do this like, you know, there's certain things that I will go to in the industry and certain things that I won't, the first question I ask is, is this gonna cost me any parts of my peace? 'cause if it is, I don't have to go. I don't have to go. I don't care. Yeah. It is funny you say that. 'cause I started telling my manager that I said to leave my house, now you gotta pay me to leave my peace because the, my home, I've created such serene just, it, it's, it's, I'm living, I my place overlooked the water.


I, it's just, I, if I leave man, and it's, and it's not even about the bag anymore. I was about to say that. 'cause it could be a bag and I'd be like, that sounds like chaos. Give it to somebody else. I've turned down jobs as this directors. I just, energy is transferrable. And so what I do as an artist, like I have to open up chakras. I let these characters come inside my body and use my body as a vessel to tell their story. That's a very vulnerable place to be. So if I don't feel like I'm protected, if I, if I don't feel like I'm gonna be protected in an environment that is nurturing to the process, I will turn it down. I know that's right.


'cause I can't, I can't sacrifice myself like that man. For y'all. For, for, especially for these up and coming artists who feel like they have to listen. If I haven't learned anything else on my journey from you, from Tracy, from all of the people that mentor me, they always say, man, be very particular about what you say yes to. And everything ain't about a dollar. Like be careful what you ask for. You be very specific. Be very clear on what you're asking for. Like these kids, they see the limelight. They, they see, they don't realize we're still real people going through real stuff.


Like it's not just you become an actor and all of a sudden life is pristine and it's no you, you go, you put on the show and then you still go back home to the mess you left. That's, you know, I think it's harder for what we do because we have to show up. Yes. And pretend like everything. So there have been times when I have, I was going through hell in scenes that you've seen me in movies. My life was in shambles. But I had to pretend like everything was okay. That is the hardest thing to do. And it is, it is. It strips your soul. I can't, I can't explain it. You, I you just, there were times where I just felt so empty and lost.


You know, because, because there was no safe landing for me. It was always show up. You gotta be on, you gotta show the people everything's okay. And it's like, but I'm not, I'm not. Okay. You, you know, as you're talking, one of the characters that stand out to me when you were, was talking about just being at a place where it's like, your life is in Shamble. The other guy I was watching Hust and Flow. Oh. And that character Emini here was just Emini here. You, you can, you can see this push and this pull, but you could see this love, you could see this care, but you can also see the vulnerability.


'cause she was at, you know what Emini here, you know, his, you know, at the mercy of him at, of dj Was that like, like, and, and, and just a little bit about that. How was that? Because I'm sure there's this war between the character and the reality. You know what Emini here? Well for me, when I first got the script, I remember Johnsson made rest in peace. I miss you so much. He was like, I need your eyes. He always told me about my eyes. He was like, you don't have to do much. You just have to think it. And the camera's gonna do The World rest. 'cause I came from theater so I was very big. But I, And I, and I'm glad he said it like that.


And he was like, you picked the character you wanna play. And of course Alexis, the loud mouth with the blonde hair, that character, of course she jumped off the page 'cause she was loud about it. But when he said, I need Your Eyes is very specific. And that's when I leaned into Suge because she was the quiet mouse. And then I started thinking about the women who choose. 'cause I, I don't think people, some, some women are forced into sex working and some choose to do that, you know. But I started thinking about her And I was thinking about this one in particular. And I was thinking about, Ooh, who didn't love her?


Because she just seemed like someone who did not feel seen. Yes, yes. Right. Yeah. And that's how I played it. I played the why. And so for her to turn tricks, it was her way of giving love. 'cause no one loved her. And so that's what you saw in her. And I was like, I want people to wanna reach through this screen and hug her. Hug her. Yes. I said, I want people to see this diamond in the rough. 'cause that's what all people who aren't seen, they are diamonds. We're all diamonds. You know, it takes pressure to make a diamond. Right. But if you're not seen and no one takes care, find the diamond and dust it off and you know it, then it'll just be a dirty rock.


Right. And so that's how I played her. I played the why and that's why you, that's how you gain the empathy of an audience. Even with the worst character in The World, a villain. If you play the why, then the audience will feel for even the villain. Yes. You know, but there's always a why a person is the way they are. Yes. You know? But I just knew that she had been through a lot of mistreatment and abuse probably, and just thrown away and tossed aside and treated like property. You know, that's why that moment in the studio when she hears her voice for the first time is like the look. Oh man. That, when I tell you that part broke me. 'cause I'm, I'm thinking from a healing perspective, is that most people just want to know that their voice matters.


Right. Because you, the, the director was very smart. Craig Brewer, I love you. But the director was very smart. 'cause I remember I did this and he ran in and whispered in my, he said, put your hand on your mouth. And I, and, And I did that and it was almost like that came outta my mouth. Like, so he was tracking what I was thinking. Yeah. You know, that was a very special project for me And I got paid nothing for it. But those independent films, you do it for other reasons. You know, it was the story for me. But all of that, and as you're talking, all of that just, just really stood out for me. 'cause it was the first time that I ever watched the film from a, a clinical or from a psycho analytical perspective.


And I was looking at the characters. 'cause sometime I'll do that because it, it really helps me to really connect with people, even in speaking. Because most people, if you have not been seen, if you have not been heard, you don't feel valuable. And in that moment, Suge felt like, Hey, I'm somebody. I could be somebody. I could do something. I could do more than what I'm doing. Like, yes, you saw her come alive. That's what you have done for so many people in the mental health space. Thank You. I hope so. No, you, there's no hope. You, you, you have done that. You have helped so many people heal. And, and, and, and especially during the time of the pandemic where people needed somebody to talk to.


I I believe people wasn't just looking for therapy, people just was looking for space. Yeah. Where they can share unapologetically. And just to really have, have a, an environment where it's like, man, I don't have to be whatever roles or titles that I, and, And I just wanna say thank you for taking out the time to come on this podcast. Just you, you know, I was coming. Listen, listen. I know, I, I I love you. I love Emini here. Your lo love, you and Tracy. Y'all, y'all have just been so amazing. And it, and it was y'all because when, when when Will reached out about the podcast and I'm telling you, I was just like, man, I don't know if I wanna do it.


I didn't know if it would be a space because I was like, no. Oh, I was gonna make you do it. 'cause he came to my trailer where we were on fight night. He was like, do you know any men who are in the mental health spot? I said, I sure do right now. And I sent him your page. I said, this is the guy you want. I said, he already has a audience. The men already trust him. You know, it's nothing. It is not new. New. I said, that's who you want. Tap him right away. I didn't even pause when he asked. Yeah, yeah. And I appreciate it. And I just wanna say thank you and keep being a light that you are to The World because this climate, we need it. Yeah, sure. And I like to acknowledge not what you do, but just who you are.


Because acting is just that, that's a gift. But who you are as a person, because you have to have a real heart to care about more than just yourself and what you've done with the foundation and even what you continue to do, you care about more than just yourself. And I know your father's proud to, to, to do this in the honor of him. And then just for us as a people who need so much healing. But you have blaz a trail for us to do it and to continue to do it because again, it was a black woman and it would be you go down in history, Tarara started this movement. So I just wanna say thank you for starting the movement and allow me to be a part of it.


So Yeah, absolutely. So again, to all of my healers, listen, please subscribe. You can watch Just heal Dr. J on my YouTube channel. Just healed Dr. J. Or you can listen audibly on the Black effect and iHeart Just Heal with Dr. J. And until next time, remember, healing is a journey and wholeness is the destination. Just Heal with Dr. J, a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. And you can follow me at King j Barnett on Instagram and x and follow us on YouTube.


Jess Hill, Dr. J


Add dry eye relief to your routine with Refresh Optiv mega three, A lubricating eye drop with a moisture rich preservative free formula enhanced with in active ingredients like flaxseed, oil and antioxidants. This formula supports all three tear film layers and provides advanced hydration to instantly moisturize and soothe dry eyes. Refresh. VE Omega-3 is safe to use as often as needed so you can make it part of your wellness routine. Find refresh online or in the eye drop section at all major retailers, FSA and HSA eligible


Get this.


Adults with financial literacy skills have 82% more wealth than those who don't. From swimming lessons to piano classes, us parents invest in so many things to enrich our kids' lives. But are we investing in their future financial success? With Greenlight, you can teach your kids financial literacy skills like earning, saving, and investing, and this investment costs less than that afterschool treat. Start prioritizing their financial education and future today with a risk-free trial at greenlight.com/iheart


greenlight.com/iheart. This Is rad DeLuca from a really good cry. Did you know that approximately one in three Americans have insulin resistance and consume over 300% more than their daily recommended intake of sugar?


Have you been wanting to beat your sugar cravings? Well, I did a 30 day sugar fast And I found Apothecary Sugar Kick that helped me throw it. The potent tincture features, Japanese inspired ingredients studied for their ability to support healthy blood sugar levels, giving you more energy, less fatigue, and fortified longevity. Find apothecary in sprouts, farmers market stores nationwide and online@alta.com. Amazon and apothecary.com. That's apothecary with a k@apothecary.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.