
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


All right, so K dot and Scissor, they got a tour and he announced the tour, the Grand National tour with SSA yesterday. And the tour starts April 19th in Minneapolis and then they hit LA May 21st in May 23rd. LA gonna be crazy that day. It's ready. Be real crazy. They gonna be at the Sophie Stadium. But the stop that people really tripping about is the Canada one. Toronto. Yes, absolutely. Because June 12th, him and Ssar gonna be in Canada right now. This is the thing. Speculation speculations, that's like the kickoff to Father's Day weekend. Right. And so people are assuming like he's doing this on purpose, going to Canada and You know he gonna perform not like us.


Meet the Grams, all that in this man's country. Right. And it's gonna be crazy. And we, and we already seen when Rick Ross went dead and he played not like Gussy, he was bopping out to it. What happened to him? Oh, it's gonna be a lot different with Kendrick. Oh No, no, no. I know it's gonna be a lot different, but I'm just, I just wanted to remind people of that because that's what happens when you go and you play that song. But he's stopping there on the tour on Father's Day weekend. Yeah, I, I wouldn't, I I don't think I would make that stop You know what I'm saying? Not because of no street stuff either. It's just like You know when you look at how Petty, petty Aubrey Graham is who just filed a petition against UG. Yeah. Because they're not like us. We know how connected Drake is in Toronto as far as what government officials and who else. Like they might just make life difficult for Kendrick on that level.


Forget the street stuff. I'm talking about being detained or You know you can't even trust people at the airport. Who can you really trust in Toronto? Well, He's gonna be flying in private. He's not gonna be flying commercial. We has to go but still gotta A regular around And stuff like that. You still gotta move around. You still gotta stay in hotels. And this is, this is venue, I'm sure this is Live Nation. They will have TDE will have Kendrick and everybody secure and he has a lot of fans out there With Toronto government. Do you realize Drake and he boost the economy of Toronto? Correct. Do you realize Drake gave the city of Toronto an identity? Do You know how connected Drake is? I Don't think they, as far As what the government, Toronto, I don't think what they would play those games. All right. Because remember Drake has to perform in LA and all these other places in the states too with streets.


So I, I don't think, I doubt it will go That way with it. Totally. The reason I say it's totally different is because Drake is connected to the government of Toronto. I just personally wouldn't. Kendrick is connected to the streets of California in La You talking about government versus the streets? Yes. Oh, You stupid. No I'm not. Yes, yes. We talking about the government versus what is think Gonna do. Kendrick is a clean cut individual. He ain't got no problems. You can always make up stuff. That's my whole point. I wouldn't trust it personally. I have no reason to trust him. Them, them people in Toronto, I, don Toronto. I Don't think Drake could play that, that that game. The same Drake that just filed a petition with UMG over not like us. That's different. I don't think he'll play that. How that different I don't think he gonna play them games with Kendrick. Hey you, you wouldn't have thought he would've filed a petition for a bat in a, in a brat battle either.


Well, he's suing UMG. That's different than suing Kendrick I. don not suing I. don I don't think not suing, but I'm saying See that coming Kendrick Done told this man, he's not a real dad and he was talking directly to Adonis in the song and you gonna go there. I don't think you would, I I don't think, I don't think he would play that game. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't trust him. I wouldn't want that problem when I came to la 'cause Ken, because Drake has to go back on tour in LA and Diego in San F Francisco. And speaking of la it's SoFi Stadium. My bad. I said Sophie, but yeah, it's SoFi Stadium. I know what you meant. Yeah. Yeah. I but the people there probably didn't. Oh. I would be more scared of the streets than, than government. 'cause you stupid. Okay. You rather have beef with the IRS or a gang? I, I can at least pay the IS off if I got a, I got a problem in the streets where I can't walk around.


Hell no. They'll pop your head off when it comes to street Beef man. I-R-S-I-R-S You could pay off, you could put on a payment plan. You can make sure they all gangster. Yo They're the biggest gangsters in The World and ain't even close. The Streets will pop your head off. They ain't nothing close. I can't even take my kids to the to man please. To nursery school Government officials, the biggest gangsters in The World in any country. See You See niggas in the street die. You ain't never hear about no government. Yeah. Die. They probably kill him off some stress. But you can't beat they the street be dying. Yes, man. Well, speaking of dying Emine m Mom passed, her name is Debbie now since she passed away after battle with advanced lung cancer. So she was diagnosed in September and they, they told her that she didn't, she didn't have much time to live. She died Monday night in Missouri.


Now we do know if you, if you don't know Eminem's relationship with his mom over the years, we know it was very complicated in 99, his mother sued him for defamation after she claimed, after he claimed that she smokes more drugs than he does in his song. My name is. And then it's some other things that, that You know happened with. He's mentioned her a bunch of times, but in 20 2007 she wrote a tell all memoir about him. It's my son Marshall, my son Eminem. And then in 2013 he released a song called Headlights where he mentions his regret for being so harsh towards his mom. I'm very, very happy that they actually was able to reconcile a little bit over the most recent years or whatever. 'cause Eminem is one of my favorite rappers. So I've actually You know and he went hard on her in cleaning out my closet.


And I ain't wanna play play that 'cause she You know she, she's gone now, but she was 69 years old and she actually celebrated when he got inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame back in 2022. So sending healing energy to absolutely one of my favorite rappers. M Definitely rest in peace to his Mother. Definitely man. Definitely. And that is Jess with the Mess. Alright, thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who you giving that dunk too? Four after the hour, we need a man named Richard Lombardi to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Okay. Okay. This may or may not be a lover quarrel, but we'll discuss. Alright, now you playing Just song, just, just made a request, please. This is Jay birthday. I wanna hit, this is my, well this is one of my favorite J songs. It's Ho's birthday. We'll get to it in a second. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season.


Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes.


So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done.


They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough.


So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.