
This is an iHeartPodcasts. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that


Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Kfc, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good.


Check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's, sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neva.


Okay, have you heard about this last year? The Green Change, the formula for their cool Rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original Cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


So yesterday Larry Hoover was commuted on a federal level by President Donald Trump. For people who don't understand what that means, that means that basically, and we talked about this in front page news this morning, his charges on a federal level will be like excused or overlooked, but anything else you're still dealing with, you still have to deal with. And Larry Hoover is very much so still dealing with a 200 year sentence for murder on the state level. State level, right? Yeah. State level. So He's not free. No, He's not. So people Would say Welcome home and all that. He is not Free. No, he is not coming home. He's not walk walking out. Ain't no welcome home. Larry Hoover parties. Remember, I didn't even know what I meant. That's why I text you on the group line. What is Commutation or what is commute? Yes, he was, yeah, he was moving him from one person to the other. I didn't know, right? Yeah. Chance Rapper was one of the people who actually posted online.


He didn't understand what was happening. Let's take a listen. Hey, Before I let y'all politicize this or mummify this, I just gotta say, I am glad that Larry Hoover's home And I gotta remind y'all that he was a political prisoner that was set up by the federal government that he created the, the, what was it? Chicago Votes. He did so many things to like, to really like mobilize our people and he was really targeted for that. And so before get to Kona or doing whatever they finna do with this information, I just want to say I'm so glad that he's home and I'm, and God bless his family and yeah, thank God Chance hurt my feelings because he, that's just spreading such misinformation and Chance is way smarter than that.


Yes. You know, he, he, he, if you just read a little bit more chance, you would know he's not coming home. But that just lets me know. All Chance did was read the headlines. Yeah. Or saw Jay Prince's post Jay Prince of Laugh a lot over in Houston. Rap a lot. I laugh rap a lot. Sorry, rap a lot. Rap this, this has to stop. He don't even laugh. Rap a lot. Laugh a lot. Now this is disgusting. This is crazy. No, this is rap A lot. Rap a lot up. Rap a lot. Rap a lot. Sorry, y'all okay. My bad. Geez, my Bad. Rapa lot posted yesterday and when he posted his caption literally said Larry Hoover has been pardoned by Donald Trump. So even when I posted it and people were upset, I posted it exactly with what Jay Prince said.


'cause I knew people were gonna be upset about it because it doesn't mean that he's walking out of the, That's not even accurate. No. Anywhere today or tomorrow. He wasn't pardoned. He was commuted. Commuted yet. So, so to explain a bit really quick, who Larry Hoover was, he was the co-founder of the Gangster Disciples, which was a Chicago based gang that according to police, engaged in drug trafficking, extortion, and murder. Which is why he's going through everything he's going through right now. Right now. We talked to Larry Hoover's son because I was trying to get clarification for you guys on what this actually means and what the state level looks like for Larry Hoover right now. There was so much misinformation going around with a lot of people thinking that, you know, what we saw yesterday with Trump and everything that was announced with Larry Hoover meant that your dad was gonna walk out of, you know, federal prison and, you know, be clear of everything today.


Like right now. Right. So we, I've been speaking on this anytime I was interviewed And I was trying to let people know that he was being held under Juris due to jurisdiction, which is, he's been held under state law and he has been held under federal law all at the same time. So he still had two, two cases to fight. So he had to fight the federal case and he still had to fight the state case. So now he's dealing with the state case. I don't really know the law on they, I heard that it was illegal to help hold a person under dual jurisdiction, which they don't usually do, but they never uplifted the state case when they took him into federal custody.


So now we are dealing with state law now. So, so I, I know that you guys have like this movement that you're trying to do where, when it comes to the state things you guys are asking for, like local leadership that would actually be able to do anything to, is it like lessen the sentence or what are you asking for on a state level? Okay, so my father is actually a C number and c numbers were, because, you know, people have a misunderstanding of everything that's going on. People are talking about the narrative of who they say my father is and what he has done. But going back to his state case, and he was sentenced as a C number, a C number were men that were sentenced in the seventies and they gave him indeterminate census.


So his census was to be at least 200 years. And he had, has to go to the parole board every, it was supposed to be every year. And when we went to court last, they wanted to make it five years, but the lawyers fought and they made it, made it three years. So the C numbers go to the parole board. They don't have a determined amount of time. They go to the parole board and it's up to them to decide whether they deserve to be paroled. And when my father went to be paroled last time, they said that he didn't do what they needed him to do, even though he was in the A DX. And there was no way possible for him to do the things that they needed him to do.


They were saying like, oh, you didn't take classes, you didn't do this to try to show, show that you was thankful and that you regret what you did. But at the same time, he's locked in the closet underground in Colorado. And then what, what, when I posted it online, I knew that the natural pushback would be, but this man is responsible for, you know, the, like I mentioned, there is alleged drug trafficking, extortion and murder. So I asked his son like, this is how people feel. They feel like you're glor, we're glorifying someone who caused all of these things in the community. What do you say to that? And here's what he said. People that say that they don't understand who he is, they're listening to the narrative of people that don't know what they're talking about.


Can they tell you people that he is caused to be killed or that he has said killed or killed himself? He's been in prison all of this time. Right now we are fighting a, we're fighting a state case that happened when he was 22 years old when he was a a baby. And they said that he gave the call for somebody to be murdered. And his rap on the case said that he did the murder and he was released. That that's what we are fighting with right now. Right. The the stuff that those people are talking about are hearsay rumors. I'm not saying that my father wasn't in leadership at one point and wasn't involved in the streets, but he's, he's had transformation.


He was a, he was a illiterate dyslexic child. When he went to jail, he taught himself how to read. He taught himself how to become a man. He educated himself. He went to college, he became a, a, a, a paramedic. You know, he taught classes, but he went in as a dyslexic kid. He couldn't read and he taught himself. Nobody taught him. Like people are speaking of who they think he is and what the rumors of him are. They don't know who he's, they need to look for some, they need to hear real information instead of listening to rumors that have been passed around the city.


See, we fighting the monster, the picture that they painted. But we not, they don't know anything about Larry Hoover. If it was, if they knew about Larry Hoover, they would understand that he wants the same thing that these people want. He's, he's not for kids dying in the streets. He's not for ladies being raped and harmed. He's not for man. He's a peaceful individual. He, he's for everything for black people. Well, I appreciate that. Thank you so much for joining us. And what, so what's your call to action? What do you I saw something on the live yesterday. You guys were tagging Who was the, who's the person you guys are tagging? Is it the governor? Mayor? Yeah. We was, it, it is at Governor Pritzker. That's his, in his Instagram.


And then his Gmail is governor@illinois.gov. We wanna reach out to Governor Pritzker to tell him, to ask him to sign the paper to give my father a second chance at life. We're fighting a, a, a case from when he was 22 years old, in which his rappy said that he committed the crime and he was released. We are not fighting, we shouldn't be fighting the rumors. We should be fighting what the real situation is. That was the problem in the first place. If the law applied, he would've been released because of the law. Everybody that was on his case with him, they was released because of the First Step act because the, the time didn't amount for the time that they gave him.


And all, all of his reps were released. But because he was Larry Hoover, they didn't agree with the law. And I had to thank Donald Trump for going above the law to give my father a opportunity. And now, as far as the state case is concerned, can we please follow the law? We are supposed to believe in justice And I and we supposed to in justice and follow the law. The law needs to work for us. And our governor says he believes in transformation. He believes in, he believes in rehabilitation, he believes in redemption. And my father has rehabilitated himself. He has transformed from the young man that he once was. And he deserves redemption. He, he's fought Emini here.


He he's been there. Imagine living in a closet for 30 years. Close your eyes and go in your closet and stay there. Can you stay there for 30 years? You don't think he's re regretful for what he did? Do you think he would be interested in coming back to The World and being a part of criminology? He is a senior, he's an elderly man. This picture behind me is not who he is right now. Larry Hoover is not, there's no welcome home. Larry Hoover parties today or tomorrow. It's not happening. They're trying to get things handled on a state level, but even if so, at what I think and what they're trying to do is they want less. They know that he, I I there's no way that he's gonna walk free a hundred percent, but they want less.


They feel like it's over excessive. And as you heard the sense say they feel like he's a changed person now. He should be looked at as that. Okay. Yeah. Two, 200 years. 200 years in prison is crazy. But I, I, I can't see it happening only because of who the governor is. The governor is, what is jb? JB Prier. He's a Democrat. Yeah. They trying to put some, I guess pressure on him, get the public to start writing letters and things like that. But JB don't give a damn. They were online yesterday on Instagram Live. I was on there, they was on there for about a hour getting people to tag him and saying call his office. And I'm like, I don't know if that's gonna work because Larry Hoover was such a big name. The case was such a big thing. Like, I don't know if he cares. And then, yeah. Okay, so that's it. Now that is the latest with Lauren. You heading to court now? Yes.


Alright. Alright. Well she'll give us an update later on, on what happened in the Didi trial. Everybody else, let's get to the mix, to People's Choice Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast


Club. What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game best two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big. To learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025. According to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Good morning cruisers. Here's what's on deck for today. As your top shelf at Venture continues, start with Sunrise Yoga with Amy Brown. Join the Bobby Bone Show for an exclusive behind the show q and a. Then head to the kitchen where Crook and Chase are cooking up country favorites from Nashville's biggest stars. And tonight Lee Rice takes the stage in our main theater.


The Top Shelf Country Crews Setting Sale February, 2026. Brought to you by Signature Cruise Experiences. Book your state room now at top shelf country cruise.com.


Summer on the south side of Chicago is heating up you planning revenge, aren't you? The shy is back May 16th on Paramount. Plus it's the season of the women. Women. This is on chance it's time to get to work, but the men aren't giving up without a fight. Tree's always gonna have a villain. No one is backing down in the Showtime Original series from Emmy Award winner, Lena, wait. Why do black women Always have to save the Day if we don't do it? Who else will? The shy new season streaming May 16th on the Paramount Plus with Showtime Plan. This is an iHeartPodcasts.