
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And. Taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing. And ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And. Decide.


You could sit there And. Listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you want It to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


Hey, Welcome, to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang theory, And, young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad That, you. And CC are here. And, Georgie AT, a girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And, Mandy's first marriage Premier, CBS Thursday, eight seven Central And streaming on Paramount Plus


Moments Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want. It We, thankfully, AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you, And your family, or a product That makes sense for you, And your lifestyle. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


If, you watch Coffee Time the baby, you know the name. Flame Monroe, also known as Monroe Flames coming with laughs. And coming with jams on Love Lamb, baby. you better catch It when you can drop knowledge from fatherhood to politics. Shouting out comics just paying homage. What's up Tiff? If. you know, she Ready shy town zone speaking until the groan And Sexy You know Gonna last And. Cut him. And Kick It And AT the end. We leaving with just a lift your spirit make you wanna revisit. So you first take a listen. Young folks say it's lit. Old folks say We. Think It. Can't no bitch. Do what you do. Can't know. Do what you do. Can't Know fish. Do what I Dot do what you do.


Hey, hey, hey. This is comedian Flame Monroe. And Welcome Welcome Welcome to this week's episode of Laugh And. Learn I am here. You know y'all missed us last week, but I was on the road making money. So That I can record the episode today. And I, wanna thank you all for coming to see me. I was encouraged to almost sitting by my co-host by herself. Hi you Bobby. Hi, you Chuts. How's It going? I can't call ladies And gentlemen. That's my co-host. Bobby Clifford here with us every weekend. I Produce Mr. Aaron Howard, Bobby I should have let you tape And Learn about yourself last week because I was on the road. I I, happily would've You know if they would've been bored with me. But I would do It in a heartbeat. Absolutely not. They might not got through, but one subject.


But they wouldn't have been bored with you. Good God. Rambling all by myself for half hour. That's Like heaven. You all have no idea. I'm, I'm gonna unleash Bobby on y'all, just Bobby by herself. One week. Y'all gonna see what me And Erin experience every week. I miss you though, Bobby. I'm glad we're back. And. I lost my cell phone. So first of all, before We go any further, the reason We are able to do this podcast this week is because of the beautiful people down in Yakima, Washington. I left my phone, AT the airport, And the employees from Alaska Airlines. Now, I don't wanna fly the airline no more, but I do. Like That, those employees sent me my phone back. And. So the, the lady who booked us for the show, Tiffany had And myself in Yakima, AT the casino, AT Legends Casino.


Danielle actually went to the airport, picked up my phone. And mailed It to me. So I got my phone back. Unscathed, unbothered, look. AT God, good karma. So thank you Yakima I owe you not a free show, but I owe you because ain't no free. Ain't no free nowhere, but know. So We had to see each other. So thank you, And. This past weekend, I was AT Dre's after hours in Las Vegas, Nevada. Dre's is a very famous club. They got plenty of clubs all over the country. And, now they're doing comedy And. So I was able to host this weekend along with Issa McGraw, And, Eric Schwartz, And We had an amazing time. They're actually looking AT me, And, possibly doing a residency. So let's see how That goes. And. Brandon It was only the second, right?


It was only the second week. But they're gonna bill. So they're gonna see what they wanna do. So I'll let you guys know as You know, as know outside of That. We are here. And. Then this Friday the 27th I will be with Tiffany Hadish I am on tour with Tiffany Hadish If. you want details? Go to tiffany hadish.com. Because I'm touring with Tiffany Haddish. My name ain't on nothing but know That. I'm on every show. And, you can find out where We We will be in We. We will be. We'll be in Bensalem, Pennsylvania on Friday the 27th. AT some casino. So get your tickets, And. See We, this one is sold out. So you can't come to this one, but know. But thank you guys for joining us today. Bobby, how was your week? It was good.


My week is never as exciting as yours. So is It. The parks casino. P-A-R-K-X. Although they can't get a ticket, but That's the people who already bought's exactly where it's know, that's, that's where it's And I get To go to those, those glamorous for weeks. It's been sold out for weeks. Ben Salem. So they are, they're, they are waiting for you to come. And I got a dress for y'all ass. Vince Salem, you gonna think you into Salem Witch Hunt after you see me? Good God, Oh, my God. I We gonna have a great time. So know Bobby And We how? get right into this because know, let's move It along. know, because We We owe y'all from last week. But before We go any further. I wanna talk about before We get into the politics because you know, That ain't never going away.


Can We get into the Diddy of It? All can We. Just get into the Diddy of It. All Oh. I would love to know Bobby I would love to know what a Irish Catholic, a Caucasian single mother of one thinks about the whole Diddy scandal. That would be you. You, we, let me tell you what I think last night. you know, I love me some. Chris Cuomo, I'm watching Cuomo Shook Knight is on Colin from jail. In fact, they're talking, they're talking through the jail. You've got 10 minutes, you're being recorded the whole deal. And AT, AT, the end of It. He gave a whole lot of mess. Probably vital information. That, anybody That didn't look Like me would've actually understood And. I felt Like.


I needed a hip hop translator. AT the end. He said something about having a hard boiled egg up your ass. And, If, you have a hard boiled egg up your ass. If It doesn't fit, then you're not Ready. And, I'm Like. What is he talking about? And And I And. Some of It I I did get what he was saying. He said there's a lot of sexual abuse with It throughout hip hop. Not necessarily just with with Diddy. He mentioned Russell Simmons. Clive Davis And. Then he, he said, you know, then obviously Diddy And, then Diddy had Bieber, And Usher. And It kind of went down from there. So, I, I, I. Am curious to see what these Diddy after dark parties are all about.


And, were they underage? Like, I wanna see the proof? Were they underage? Were people hurt? Were they know? It's it's way over my head. I, I'm usually in bed by 10. So if you're just joining us, Bobby is only repeating a conversation. That should Knight says And. All of these allegations are alleged. You know because he's in jail telling, trying to tell somebody. If you telling a little too late player. you shoulda have told before you went to jail, maybe you wouldn't have went to jail. But so I don't want y'all to think That. These other views of Laugh, And, Learn or iHeart or network We only repeating what Suge Knight said from the county jail. Not only did We hear It, but the pla the institution heard It because they kept saying, you have one minute, you have.


That's exactly second time. In fact, they hung up And, they hung up on him. And Dusty. The producer had to call the jail back. And get him back. But no, Chris Cuomo kept saying That too. These are his opinions. And, he wasn't quite sure he understood everything That was actually going on. And And. But I will say, Suge did make a comment. AT one point, I don't know if they were friends, they were not friends. If they're arch gen enemies. He wasn't trying to put a noose around Like Diddy's neck. He said, this is just the, unfortunately, the culture of, of hip hop from the top. They, the, the big wigs, not the the regular Schlubs. So know we Can know We. Now We know Bobby's opinion. Lemme give you mine. know You know nothing about nothing.


I'm must just say this And. I'm gonna say this publicly. When tape number 17, drop That is AI Its, not me. It just looks. And laughs Like me. It is definitely not me. you know what Bobby, what's so horrific about all of this? I hate all the abuse to the women. And the fact, if any of this is true, because these only alleged listed, right? If any of this is true, 'cause I wasn't there. But had I been famous back in the day, And invited to a Diddy party. My dumb ass would damn feel have been on the tape. But And, you wouldn't have probably known what was going on. And. That's sort of what Suge was saying. He was saying, That, it's I mean. It was on both sides. The abuse went throughout It was they wanted to control you.


No, no, no, no, no, no. I would've known what was going on. Oh, did you not mean? Because I don't drink. I don't drink. know. So It It was gonna be real hard to drug me unless It was in some Coca-Cola or allegedly know. we from what they've been saying, That, It was in the ice. Now I'll ask for Ice Oh. So That might be And. This is only a Trump We. Just I just saw this That. It's allegedly It was in the ice. So You know, it's, it's a lot to this story that's gonna unfold. But I'm gonna tell you what, what is very, very ugly? Karma is the son of a bitch. So if, if the things That he's accused of, if It is coming back, And bite him in his ass. That could be the case. But when I tell you, when you get indicted, because I was in prison before That indictment, an indictment means Oh.


We got you. Oh. We got you. So whatever they have, they have, because he has a hundred million dollar legal And, they would not take a 50 million bond from him. That speaks volumes to yet, not only do We get you We, wanna know where you're AT AT all times. I'll tell you so Mark Geragos is a regular contributor to News Nation, especially the Cuomo Show. He's on all of them. But he is especially, he's not on his team. He has represented Diddy in the past. His daughter And, there's another attorney. That are doing It. They're very confident though I have to tell you. I mean I. Guess my whole opinion of the whole thing is I don't feel Like.


We've been shown any proof of anything. It's all a lot of, you know, hearsay, And allegations, And, If, you know, I wanna see the meat? What I what's where's the beef? That's what I wanna Say. We. Let, lemme lemme ask you a question. Is It confidence or is That We got paid? So We That We will say whatever We need to say with him Camera, You could be right. You If, you could be right. But he does seem confident. He keeps what he kept, they, I'll keep repeating is there is only one person. There are 50 different witnesses, but there's only one person coming, coming across. So whether that's true, not true, again, we'll have to see It We. All We have now all We know is That Diddy's actually in jail. And I. I'm curious to see what he actually did other than the lube I. I'd love to say why so much?


Like, what do you need? He must have had some sort of stocks in some company. We we're gonna see what all That Lu And baby oil was about. Because I'm with you Bobby, you, you, you a man over 50. you ain't even your soldiers ain't even shooting out Like That no more. They mosey. And off. But they ain't even shooting out Like, That no more. But so We, we'll find out AT the end of the day what this is all about. Because when That FB I get to peek It through your blinds, good God, they got binoculars. Ooh Lord Jesus Isn't That the truth. They'll find anything. Prayers to all the victims. I wasn't no huge Diddy fan. Like. Like went up, And down crazy for him. I thought back in his day, he was popular. I liked his swag.


When I believed That, he was doing wonderful for people. I liked all That, but the bad boys know, look Like, he has been a bad boy. And the bad fans is not gonna play with this bad boy. you know, in


front High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT high five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five casino.com High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Book prohibited. Play responsibly terms And condition supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino


Moments. Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain.


Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite,


Attention, parents And, grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure. That will last all year long. A guardian bike the easiest, safest And, quickest bikes for kids to Learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. They're low to the ground with a wide wheel base. And ultra lightweight frames offering superior control. And balance. This design gives young riders the ability to Learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed And assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality, And durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping And a free bike lock And pump with your first purchase after signing up for their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals. And secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


Everyone loves getting good advice. And, staying in the know there's nothing Like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether or not you need or want. It, we thankfully, AT And T provides personalized recommendations, And solutions, so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you. And your family, or a product That makes sense for you. And your lifestyle. It feels good knowing That I And T has your back. They take out all the guesswork, And the stress, letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider.


That gets you And your needs. So relax And. Let AT And T provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hey, it's Angela Yee. Searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color. With 10 hour comfort And, a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Garni stud spike bag. Spike Valentino is That girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And, can you hear That magnetic click. Discover the 12 shades And vibrant news And pops of color from couture industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby Beyond heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel And cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated. And delivers high pigment color after one stroke. We are It bold or soft. And blurred for a more subtle look. Tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


What's, what's next? Bobby Oh. The the, the Passings We lost Tito Jackson. Yes. you know, Bobby We lost. So We lost a legend in Chicago. Chili Pepper. But We lost Frankie Beverly. know James Earl Jones. know Tito Jackson. And And, chili Pepper. All in the same seven. Within seven same seven days. You know Days know it's crazy. It It seems Like That. you get a big, you get a big mob of them. He was only 70. And. I only say only 70 because you know, the life expectancy is so much longer. I, they hadn't released It. AT the beginning, the cause of death. I don't know I. Don't know If. you had cancer or heart attack. I haven't heard anything. I don't know If. you have you, you but know God bless.


God bless. No You know, know God bless you. God bless Catherine That. Mama know she's strong, baby know she done been through a lot. And That Lady is about 96, know, 97 years old. And to lose multiple kids. you know, they go before you is, you know, that's, that's gonna be absolutely miserable. And, you know what else is miserable? Parkinson's. And. Did you see Brett Fav just announced That. He has Parkinson's. We, of course he does. The only reason he's announcing That, he has p Parkinson's is because he got busted. Oh. Really sad. He was very big into the concussions. He had cut. He had come forward right from the beginning about the concussions. And being careful, And, special helmets, And, blah, blah, blah.


So it's really funny. That or coincidental I should say not funny. That That. He got Parkinson's. But it's I feel badly. I hope. That. Somehow they can control It. Whatever you feel about somebody that's a miserable disease. Know his hand might be shaking. Now, And, I, I. I'm not making, I'm not making light of It because You know what's gonna happen to me. But It wasn't shaking when he was selling those checks. As opposed to sending them to the welfare of people who needed That money down there. He was send signing checks to get a sports arena, a center bill for his daughter. You. know no I. Its, not That. I don't have sympathy, but know, okay, know. Next story please. So, next story. So last week, woo-hoo for me.


I'm hoping, 'cause I have to buy a new car. The Fed dropped the interest rate by 0.5, which is a really big, you know, it's the biggest That they've done in a long time. So hopefully That will trick trickle down to the auto loans. It will help with buying homes, borrowing money, Like, maybe my credit cards will actually go down a little bit. And I might see me moving the needle on the principal. And, everybody else. So That was sort of good news. Something else that's out. That I think is super important to, to mention. 'cause you know, we're all about the politics here is we've got early voting is is out people. And something. That I received. This is Massachusetts book information book you should have been getting over the past two weeks since there is early voting.


Your information for voters books, which has everything that's on the ballot for your state. What It means, the two different sides speak up. So they kind of make It a little easier for you, for you And, since they're all, they're literally putting It in your mailbox. I, think it's worth a read. I mean take five minutes before you go to vote And please vote And And, get your, get your early votes in I in your early ballots. And know, blah, blah, blah, If. you think it's gonna be too much on the day. Know because you, you, you don't accidentally, you don't wanna accidentally check the wrong box because the name sounds democratic. It might not be democratic. It might sound democratic. Oh, That name sound Republican. A book don't not judge a book by as cover.


So make sure you do your research. So That, you both are the right person. 'cause I'm telling you right now, We cannot afford to lose one. And. That is down the ticket. Know No, absolutely. My father, we If you used to get confused. This is really sad to say God. God rest his soul. He would go Like all Irish. He didn't know they could be, they could be Italian And. They married a Harrison. They could be an O'Brien. That was black. He didn't care. He just picked all the Irish names. And. That's how We used to vote. If he couldn't figure It out. So don't do That, do your, do your Homework. I. I can, I can guarantee you. That. Your dad was not alone in That. I guarantee you That, They We all do what's close to us, right? Like You know what, who do I.


Think of the people. That are most Like me. So know, but do your do your deal diligence. we wait A minute. Now let's, let's I don't, y'all don't follow those words from Bobby because all the one That you think is most Like. you look AT. Mark Robinson in North Carolina, right? The guy who's running for governor And And know the black man who's running for governor in North Carolina. Comes And saying That, he's a black Nazi. Then came out And And came against trans people. And, LLGB T just, just going bombarding It, And And. Now come to find out he was researching a black porn site called Black Africa or Nude Africa. Looking up transgender women know the same thing. you against know. Don't judge a book bads cover, because a lot of cover them books Like one thing.


But the page is Like something else. He's not. But he denies That. He says CNN. 'cause that's who, who was reporting It first. He said That, they're wrong. He also described a lf Liz. I'm not gonna say It I. Think it's main Kemp. It's, you know, the big Like Like, his project 20 20, 22, his book on how to book. He said That was a good read. This I will say, in fairness to him, this was all information That was done. He did this prior to running for any office. This is way before he got in Into running office. I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this And, I'm gonna say this again. All skin folk ain't kin folk. And, who gives a damn And, he's losing And. He praised And kissed Trump behind And when Trump know was just there in his state during the press conference.


He never mentioned his name. Not one time, Right? It was Like. He was a herpes, a herpes sore on his lip. Everybody is, they're deleting posts, they're deleting pictures, tweets, anything. That was connecting them before all of all of a sudden he is, he is. you know, the ugly stepsister, We, lemme tell you what he made his biggest mistake. We, lemme tell you where he made his biggest mistake. know, it's one thing to, to go against your own race, a black man. It's another thing to go against your own race to kiss the, the, the boot of a white man. But it's another thing to go against the trans community. That, you seem to have a fetish for, but it's a whole nother ball game, messing with That Jewish community.


When That black Nazi statement right there, if nothing else is going to be the nail And his coffin, That will be It. Because Jewish people do not take kindly to the Nazis about the whole Holocaust situation. And how they were treated, their ancestors. So right there, you lost we What know I if forget even the Nazi is a just a regular white person. I don't wanna hear That, especially in the weird climate, political climate That we're in now with, with different leaders throughout the World. That are looking to be dictators. I, I can't believe, you know, I, I, I can't believe he, he would say something so stupid. It'll be interesting to see though. I mean we're gonna have to kind of step back. And, take a little peek. And, see what this actually means on election day.


It, you know, is It gonna hurt the GOP? The same things have been done. And. Not those words, but Trump was caught into a political scandal. He was held liable for rape. And, he's running, you know, And people are up his his rear end. So I find It a little hypocritical. That Trump is backing away from this guy instead of maybe supporting or doubling down. But he's not Its not we. Hold on. And Trump's defense. Trump is the orange man. That identifies as white. So there's a very big difference. It's true, it's true. Did you see CNN reported That Melania for, for a fundraiser she showed up for in April?


She, they can't figure out who cut the check. But And It was Like her husband's fundraiser. She was paid 200 And, $38,000. Trump had to, had to disclose That. you know how they have to do financials? He actually disclosed That. She charges her husband to, or, you know, she's charging his group to, to pay her to actually show up. I found That a little interesting. Can I just say, can I just say this? Allegedly, we, if he pay her two 38,000, she got double what Stormy got. Okay, let's go next please. What That Honest And true I I I. Do wanna say everybody, please be careful. We know That, this is hurricane season.


We've got weather coming. And I. Believe That Helene is gonna hit the panhandle in Florida. And It is, it's a full blown, they say it's a full blown hurricane. So it's coming off of Mexico heading there. So everybody, please be careful. Oh, she's And. Today is September the 25th. She's hitting tonight. Mm know. So be careful. Get your generator, get your everything going. And, And, And, We. Have our fingers, And toes crossed. No, you, you evacuate You You know, please, please take those evacuation warnings. No, You're right Know, seriously know, because that's the, that's the last result. They don't tell you That just because they want to keep the houses safe.


They wanna keep you alive. know. So take those evacuation warnings seriously. And, please. And You know a lot of us are financially challenged. you can't get with somebody, make friends with somebody. And ride with them. you know, We, they have carpo. They And stuff know they have schools know And, they have shuttles. You know You know That. Some people are just drops in It, And. They don't wanna leave the houses. But you just made a very good point. you said, you know, they wanna keep us alive, but the other people is, it's the first responders. We can't have 21st responders having to go And rescue you when they could be doing something else. you know, helping o other people, you know, more, more, more people. It. It. It's not responsible to do It. So, so, yes, but for the people.


That are sick. I always get nervous. That, they don't have their defibrillators. And, all That nonsense And. Their, they don't have their insulin on ice. So take those precautions. Did you see Joe Biden on the View today? I did. I did see President. He's A class act. I did see President Joe Biden on the View today know And. you know what, you know what I took away? Bobby It was Oh. I love my president. But It was very slow listening to him speak. So when they would show the old clips of him years ago, you could see the actual change, not just the physical change, absolutely. But the way That he spoke is he was so much slower. And woo, woo woo. And. So know when they did the comparison, Like That I was Like Oh.


Wow. Now I. See, because I was Like, Whoopi I was riding That with Joe to the end. you know, I I was still I, still was you riding with Biden. But he ain't driving. You know, but I still was know I. See I, see That. I see That. So He still believed he would've beat Trump, which I find, 'cause he, he said the worst he said, which I thought was classy, is he was a loser. And. Then he made a comment about not having any redeemable re anything redeemable. Socially And I thought he could have. If That was Trump, he would've doubled down. He would've made making big insults. I loved That. Whoopy said, what a lot of people, because I am one of them. She just didn't Like how It was all handled. She didn't think That. All of us should have seen, you know, been so privy to a lot of public information when It should have been kept private.


And, I agree with That. He said he was AT peace with his decision. He I I liked his explanation. He said he got so much done. Way more than anybody would've anticipated in That, first term. That. He wanted to try to keep the momentum up. And try to get the rest of what he had promised everybody done within the second term. I truly believe he wouldn't have finished the second term I think he would've done a year or two to complete what he wanted. And That, he would've handed the reins over to Kamala. That's really what I thought. He was positive about her. She's smart, she's capable, she's able. She, you know, I, he's the Class Act. I I. I'm, I'm very sad to see him go I really am or not. Have some part That. We're not gonna see him on a day to day.


We I enjoyed him on, on The View as we Bobby You know. But I did see the, the difference. But know, know, absolutely. you know, again, again, he's still our president. And You know, appreciate him for 50 years of service. know


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT high five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five casino.com. I Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms, And condition supply. See website for details. AT high, the number five casino.com.


High five Casino moments. Like, my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, That is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more I. Take Ibrance palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance And. Visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts. That may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away, If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell And, low platelet counts, infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, And, liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash, And, loss of appetite,


Attention, parents And, grandparents. Are you searching for the perfect gift for your kids this holiday season? Give the gift of adventure. That will last all year long. A guardian bike, the easiest, safest And, quickest bikes for kids to Learn on. Kids are learning to ride in just one day, no training wheels needed. What sets guardian bikes apart designed especially for stability. Their low to the ground with a wide wheel base. And ultra lightweight frames offering superior control. And balance. This design gives young riders the ability to Learn in just one day without tears or frustration. Guardian bikes are the only kids bikes designed And assembled in a USA factory ensuring top-notch quality, And durability. They were also featured on Shark Tank. And are the New York Times Wirecutter Top Kids Bike Pick for 2024. Join the hundreds of thousands of happy families by getting a guardian bike today. Their holiday season sales have begun, offering the biggest deal of the year. Save up to 25% on bikes, no code needed. Plus, get free shipping And a free bike lock And pump with your first purchase after signing up with their newsletter. Visit guardian bikes.com to take advantage of these deals. And secure your holiday season gifts today. Happy riding.


Hey, it's Angela Yee searching for the perfect new lipstick. Look no further than the new Spike Valentino buttery matte lip color. With 10 hour comfort And, a non-drying matte finish drawing inspiration from the iconic Valentino Garni studded spike bag. Spike Valentino is That girl. The gold aluminum packaging fully embossed with Mason Valentino's signature studs opens to reveal a precise bullet. And, can you hear That magnetic click. Discover the 12 Shades And Vibrant News And pops of color from Couture Industries to spike a pose to its Valentino baby beyond its heritage. Spike Valentino includes a breakthrough ingredient story with light diffusing gel And cotton oil extract to keep lips looking hydrated. And delivers high pigment color after one stroke. Wear It bold or soft, And blurred. For a more subtle look, tell us how you wear Spike Valentino.


This is an ad from Better help. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help And better. Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online. Flexible And, surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat AT a time That works for you. Visit better help.com to Learn more. That's better. HE p.com.


Know And. Four days I think four or six days there is going to be know a know vice presidential debate between JD Vance, And, Tim Wal And I. Think I'm more excited to see this one than I was to see Harris I mean to see Trump. know And Harris I am dying to see. we that's, if that's, if Vance is an in jail, it's never gonna happen. It's sort of a waste of time. But the Haitians who live in Springfield are asking for their arrest. They're bringing a case forward. It's not really gonna go anywhere. So it's kind of silly, although they're making a point, but they are calling for the, the arrest of the two of them.


So we'll see. I mean, you can't say That a a group of people eat something when it's I mean. It's such a lie. And. Then they kind of get away with It. So anyway, I, I'd Like to see That debate too. That. That'll be, that'll be interesting. I believe That Trump made the biggest mistake when he was talking about he was gonna go to Springfield. There is no need him for him to go to, to do any kind of rabbit. AT Springfield know, because of all of the drama That, he has caused And to me. That is almost putting your hand in the lion's mouth. That, you've had And And. Now Iran has come out with death threats. You've already had two failed assassination attempt.


know, but you keep baiting the damn bear. you keep poking the bear. It's almost Like. You're doing It on purpose. So he probably is Because It keeps him. It keeps him. We're talking about Him. we lemme finish. know, lemme finish my thought. Bobby know, sorry, sorry. I don't want anybody to hurt this man. But I don't want you to keep poking the bear And to, to give people leaving breadcrumbs for them to follow the lead to get to you. It's kind. Like. Why are you provoking these people? But after the insult That he did to a beautiful place in Springfield. 'cause I'm telling you, I was there with Dave Chappelle. I don't And with Darnell Rolls. I don't Like the fact. That, he keeps doing That And. They keep allowing him to do this. This is partially the media's fault because you just have let a madman run amuck.


And say, what the hell he wanna say And then. Then with the And, these Iranian death threats are scary because you know the whole allegedly Jerry Kushner And Trump was supposed to get $2 billion from the Saudis. you know, And. So We, don't you know We know Bobby We? Don't know You know. We'll see, you know, know we'll see, know We allegedly they want their money back, supposedly, because whatever was supposed to transpire is it's You know That That That was what the news MSNBC was reporting. And I saw It on there. So It, this is not from us. We're just reporting what We saw just our way. But they want they $2 billion back.


Girl, that's a lot of money. Good luck. It's damn show more than I dad. Gosh, it's a gazillion times more than I have I I. I'm rolling quarters, trying to figure out how I'm gonna make a car payment again, I'm not, I'm so used to not having a car payment. I think he likes the assassination attempts. He doesn't want the attempts, but he likes, he keeps things moving. you know, we're still talking about 'em. I mean they did find out the, in the investigators just looked AT. That And said That. They, there were all sorts of mistakes made, which We know the communications And, all That We talked about It last time, but they had That new one. That, what's It is It Ryan Roof is That. How you say his name? He did the second one. God bless That. The, the eyes on whoever That Secret Service man was That.


They saw a, saw a gun stock sticking out of a strawberry. I would've been thinking, Ooh, what is That? But know That makes you wonder. That makes you wonder though though, Bobby. So you could see a gun through the bright Florida sun sticking through a fence in the open daylight, AT 500 yards. But you couldn't see this other guy crawling up the roof. That was only Like six feet away. And big And, bold know I. It just makes you wonder. I think they saw 'em. I think they thought I mean there were communication problems. They thought That, the the Pennsylvania local cops were getting get It. It went. Vice versa. There was no, they should had walkie talkies.


And stuff. That was synced, but they didn't. But anyway, it's coming out. That, the secret services got egg on its face with That. But they did, they did pass a bill unanimously That, both Harris And Trump will get active president status as far as as many secret servicemen. So hopefully the stuff will never happen again. And, hopefully they have the best of the best instead of the B team. We I hope Kamala Harris gets the ones from the seventies because they would take a bullet for their leader. These new ones might step the hell out the way. And be Like. I'm gonna let you head That one. Know You know. She's got, she has her own I. Don't know how many you get as the vice president. So I hope she gets to have her, the people she's comfortable with.


And. Then just have some people. That are That are sort of added on. Did you see there was I, think it's called full measure of the show. Trump was asked, if he doesn't win, would he run again? He actually said no. I thought he would for sure say yes. There was no way he would let That go. He would've been 82 running again. But, but I, I went. We good. If he doesn't win this time, AT least We would've shut. It down. We he'll We. Clearly. He we We We. See, he couldn't possibly run again. America. Y'all see the same thing? That, We. See, know all of That foolishness.


That he did with Joe Biden, sleepy Joe. His, he needs a cognizant test. Everything has come back to Trump is biting the bullet. He really is just biting the bullet on this because we're watching him babble. And, go off topic. know And. Forget what the topic was. I'm Like. Has he been in my animals? I used to tell That joke about Biden, but I think Trump had two of them. Oh. My God. God, It's, I'm with you. And. He talks. Like a 2-year-old Like. He's on the, the, the second grade playground. He's his big in insult for Kalu. She's dumb. I mean. Who says That? I haven't said That since I was probably five. Get a better insult. Something a little more put together.


And in the words of Vice President Harris. Just turn the page. It's the same old playbook. know Its. not even know the It. The same old playbook. So We, It looks Like. We also kicked can for a government shutdown, AT least now for in September, they passed the bill, the spending bill. But it's gonna be in December. It's gonna be kicked down till December. Just before poor Biden gets out of office. Like, he needs to deal with That. But Johnson got It, got It passed. The one thing That they ended up removing was Zelensky. And. Ukraine needs more, more help. And, they pulled That out. It, but I actually think That the Senate, And or President Biden will do an executive order.


And, get them what they need just so We could get the spending passed. We speaking of Ukraine, And, And, That, war, And, Zelensky, I, I, I, I, I, I. Hear That. Bobby And again, you know I I try to stay away from those wars. Prayers to them. And You know That Ukraine needs to help And. They have been so, so diligent in fighting back. But there was just a missile strike yesterday. That killed. How many people Know 400 And? 72 Was That. He 35 children. It was Hezbollah. But in Lebanon, I believe 35 kids, I don't Like seeing 35 children. And And. In last week, when We weren't here, We would've reported on they also the is Israelis somehow infiltrated.


I don't know how they did It. They either sold beepers, And, And, And, cell phones. That were already had something in them. And. They somehow, somehow infiltrated them. And, they blew up And. There were a whole bunch of people. That were killed. That way. And maimed And. Some children I just don't Like what the kids know. What what innocence know And are Involved. And, And, That happened simultaneously. So know, do you know if something Like That happened in the United States, in the cell phones, whatever. 'cause We all keep our cell phones in our pocket, our purse, right? Some people carry 'em in their back pocket. And their titty. you know, or always close to your face. Good And simultaneously. We don't even have enough medical directors to handle the severity of something.


Like, That, We. This is what I'm talking about, this terrorism And. These wars are this It. It is just out of control. It really is out control. And. We need to pay Attention. We need to ceasefire. We need a ceasefire. We need the all the hostages return. And, everybody go to That Neutral Corner. This is almost kind of Like We. Can't blame this on Trump. Blame Trump. But all this division is what's happening across the World, not just across America. You know the one thing I liked That President Biden was talking about was somebody had asked if the, if the hostages That Hamas has, would be part of their ceasefire.


And. He said, That is That. It's a, it's a two-prong thing. And That is the That ceasefire. They have to return them. I. I believe they're close to some sort of ceasefire. I was reading. CNN had an alert up a little, a little bit ago for Lebanon. And, they're hoping, hoping because that's for Hezbollah. That's That is That now lives throughout Lebanon. And, they're hoping That That will trickle down to something for Israel. And, Gaza, again, president Biden is very optimistic. That something That before he leaves, something will get done. He has also said That, as much as he supports Israel, he does not believe in what BB Netanyahu is actually doing.


He's told him he needs his two state solution. And, he's sticking to That as we can. And pushing with That And, hopefully Vice President Harris, if she gets in or when she gets in, I'm gonna say That. I'm gonna put That out there. That That. She'll be the same way because enough, these people I mean the whole region enough. And It does affect us. Everybody don't, don't think it's over there. We're helping them to keep It over there. So We don't have It here on our side, But know absolutely You know It. It's, it's And And And And. Your vote does count. And Bobby is right when you get your playbook, 'cause That is what you are getting in the mail. Your vote playbook go down the line.


Take the time you read It, so you'll pick the right candidate. And. It's not just about the President And, the vice President. We cannot let, not the enemy. But We cannot let Americans That think so differently from us. Have get in such a place of control to where We are back in this situation again, in the next four to eight years. This is preponderance for us, for our children, for our grandchildren. So make sure That you understand who you're voting for, And research. Why you're voting for the candidate That you're voting for. Because they look, because because they look Like. you don't mean That. They think Like you. No And, And. That's, that's absolutely And. And It has, It has stuff about your taxes being raised. And different. There's all sorts of different stuff in It.


So give It a look. And, I love That idea of a playbook. I. Think That sounds terrific. So give That a peek. I'm trying to look And, see if We have anything extra here. That, I missed. Kamala Harris is, is supposed to be going down to the border. I think it's Friday. Fingers crossed And. See if she can get anything done there. The Boeing strike. They're, they are still out. They, they're, they've come up Speaking, But not enough of the workers. Hold On, hold on, Bobby, speaking of strike, speaking of strike, let's, let's have a co let's take a commercial break. Absolutely. Okay, so we're back. So, speaking of strikes, Bobby We, the, the longshoremen are talking about going on strike.


That will cause food shortages. And, so many know shortages know everywhere. That coming from the Piers. I need you guys to pay very close attention to That, especially If. you live in a place where a lot of your, your industry comes in through shipping. Do the shipping contain? Because if the longshoremen decide they on strike, it's going to price gouge everything. And, And, the price of everything is gonna skyrocket. So, If, you can And And, And. It is starting a little, getting serious about That, sock up, canned goods, meat, whatever you need to do to survive water, because We will have a shortage nationwide. If these longshoremen, I I need them to pay these long shoman That worth, And, treat them accordingly.


Because y'all don't understand It. Y'all think That That stuff show up in the middle of the night. My mother used to always say, That, paper towel don't come in this house by s toilet paper don't come by. S somebody delivers all of That stuff. And. If We get along, Shoman strike around the country, That will be detrimental to the economy. And to alpacas, We. Already food is already high as hell. And And, And, it's the truth. And And know that's an air And. Dear to my heart. My grandfather was Longshore And And. It's a tough gig too. It's a really tough gig. And, they're not We paid. They, they need better benefits. They need everything. And We rely on 'em. All these service positions, We We, rely on these people. They deserve to be paid a good wage so they could support their families Because AI is about to take over.


Oh You know And, And in some ways, as I've said, It, it's, it's, it's a great thing. Like, as far as medical records, it'll do dict dictation for the physicians so they can see patients. you know, since We already are down on nurse practitioners, And physicians are We. We need more of them to take something off of their, their plates is terrific, but in other ways it's a little scary. And in some ways, they take jobs That, nobody else wants, but not That, We, We, you know, know, need people actually handling the stuff. And seeing That. There's no, there's no people in the shipping containers. And drugs, And everything else. So let's be good to the longshoremen. And, I don't have much else claim other than That, unless you want, do you have another thought on That?


I have this thought. I need everybody to make sure. That, you are registered to vote. know, make sure That all your ducks are in a row because, you know, That, the, the cheetah is on, in fact, the cheetah. So on That in Montana today, when they went to do early voting, they had removed Kamala Harris's name off of the ballot. Pay attention. And. Her name was removed off the ballot. So That is where we're, So they would have to, what would We, I'll research That. So If, you get you your voting area. And. That happens to you. And, your person is not on there. I'm assuming That. We, just write them in. But let's be we careful because We can't have You.


If, you can't have writing on your thing. So know the cheat is on. you have to understand, know It. you gonna have to do some homework this election. This election is not just about casting your ballot, right? you are going to have to do some homework as an American in order to save the country. That, you love We, thank you here. AT Laugh. And Learn We. Appreciate you I. Hope to see you guys. Please go to tiffany haddish.com to see her tour. And, my tour dates will be up on one of my social media platforms. I am banned from you. Instagram on Monroe Flame for another month, October the 22nd. But I will be on TikTok, flame Monroe, 1, 2, 5, And. My YouTube coffee time, I'm back. So thank you guys for joining us here. I will be in PI Philadelphia this weekend, but you can't come see me because it's already sold out.


It's sold out. we follow me on Monroe Flame on Instagram. And on Monroe Dos Flame for the next 30 days because I'll probably be over there. Probably be over there. And. you can follow Bobby Clifford AT. Clifford Bobby on Instagram. And Bobby Clifford on Facebook. Also If. you have subjects, titles, AT questions, whatever. you go to AT, Laugh Learn podcast on Instagram because that's where you can get a hold of us. AT. We, love you We. Appreciate you. Thank you for the downloads. And the follow. Please tell a friend. I, wanna say to Yaka, my Washington, you, I'm kissing y'all ass right now because you were some wonderful people. Thank you guys so much I. Appreciate you guys. I'm coming to leave my stain in Ben Bensalem, Pennsylvania this Friday.


But you don't wanna see the state. I'm about to leave in Tulsa, Oklahoma next month. Okay, thank you guys for joining. know, Can I say one more thing of, of course, I just wanna say it's because it's the end of September. September is suicide prevention month. If, you have any issues? That, you need to speak with somebody. The National Suicide Prevention lifeline, you just dial 9, 9, 8. It's just three letters. 9, 9, 8 And. It's staffed. 24 7 Oh. That's my car note. Okay, on That note, You know I'm getting off the phone. Thank you Bobby Clifford. Thank you Mr Howard We. We, love you. Flames And. Remember here, AT, Laugh, And Learn. The model has not changed. And we'll never change. Here we're Laugh, And, Learn, We are not trying to get you to change your mind.


We are only trying to get you to use your mind because why Bobby? 'cause a mind, And a vote are a terrible thing to waste. And, you better not waste your vote. you waste your mind, but damn sure don't waste your vote. Okay, y'all see? See you next week. Peace out. Don't miss an episode of Laugh And Learn. Listen, And subscribe on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. Laugh And Learn podcast is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network. And iHeartRadio. Our executive producer is Tiffany Haddish. Our theme music is by the one And only. Chrissy Payne. Thank you guys. This is Slam And Monroe. Don't forget to Laugh. Listen. And Learn.


You could sit there And, listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet. Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold. Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


Hey, Welcome to the Cooper residence. Cooper McAllister. I'm surprised you put my name first. Come on in. From the brains behind the Big Bang Theory, And. Young Sheldon CBS is excited to Welcome back some beloved familiar folks, I am so glad. That you. And c. C are here. And, Georgie AT A girl. It's a whole new chapter. Georgie And. Mandy's first marriage Premier. CBS Thursday, eight seven Central And Streaming on Paramount Plus


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes. And, big Vegas hits AT High five casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards. And, come back to get free coins every four hours. Only AT high five casino.com High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms And Condition Supply. See website for details. AT High, the number five casino.com. High five. Casino


It And. Business Consulting's Best Kept Secret is no longer a secret. I Like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my life. You're a person, a whole person. That has interest, That has family And in addition to you. you know the work That you're doing professionally. There's no way That I would be able to manage growing in my career. And And raising a young family. If I did not have That flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, find your perfect role. And Thrive AT cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


Did you know That parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card And Money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send instant money transfers. Set up chores, automate allowance, And. Keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids Learn to earn. Save And spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free. AT greenlight.com/iheart.