
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot Edu.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, ROS eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off Some exclusions apply.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay Based on the inspirational true story. Damn proud of you Kia Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby going to the living to this generation's Rocky. Can't nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheat. Go. It's one of the best movies of the year you represent out there. Who I would do it at Flint. The fire inside based on incredible true story with Peachy 13 inappropriate for children under 13. Now playing only Peters.


If you watch Coffee Time the baby, you know the name Flame Ma Monroe, also known as My Monroe Flames coming with laughs and coming with Jam on Love Lambs baby. You better catch her when you can drop a knowledge from fatherhood to politics. Shouting out comics just paying homage. What's up Tiff? Yeah, you know she ready? Shy town zone speaking until the grown is sexy, we going laugh, cut and kick it. And at the end we leaving with just a lift your spirit make you wanna revisit. So you first take a listen, young folks say it's lit. Old folks say we dig it. Do what you do. Do what you do. What do?


Hey, hey, hey. Welcome to this week's episode of Laugh and Learn. I am comedian Flame Monroe and if I don't sound my bubbly perky stuff, y'all, I'm under the weather. I went to New Orleans this weekend, Tell me, tell me And I, And I hosted the Queen and King annual passage the sixth year. I am the official host. We had a fantastic time. Those of you all who are friendly with the flame mats and flame friendly with me on coffee time, you know that Fantasia La Moore, our girl won for Queen. And then King Angel Sez, who Chicago won. It was a great contest, really good time, great turnout. I did Tina Turner. But then the next day we did a brunch show for the winners and a couple of the formers.


And that is where somebody put the cooties on me. 'cause I have a conce And I son of a bitch. I a terrible cough. I don't have really body aches or anything, but we gonna muscle through this show because guess what? We owe it to you guys. So I'm gonna shake it through and what I can't carry Bobby damn show carry on that booty or hood. She can carry that. And then so how your touch? It's I an absolute buffet table back there. I feel terrible that you did that. I hope they get called the son of a bitch. I I I'm looking out for them. So they better not, they better not be no Bobby, It's not that it's just something, something is going around. It's just something going around. There is, it's that time of year.


Did I also hear that it's Fania birthday, a a a a nice birthday coming. Is it tomorrow or, or Today? Tomorrow. Tomorrow she'll be 60. Okay. All right. I'm gonna send her a little something. Okay. I love that. Yeah, I, And I can to her. Oh, I don think, I know that might be nice and appreciated, but you know, And I want you guys, if you get a chance to send Fantasia a thank you, congratulations and all of that at simply Fanta or Fantas la more on Facebook and Instagram. Anyway, let's get onto the, get onto tour this. So anyway, I taped, we play in Spade with Nick Canon in August, Hysterical. And it finally dropped this past Monday.


So if you get a chance listeners, please go to YouTube and download We and it's free. Just type in, we play in spades with Flame Monroe where my, my si me and my sister do played Nick Cannon and his partner Courtney B. And we beat their ass. And let me start with that. But we had the best have, y'all gotta go listen to it. I have a question. Yes. Being a girl from Boston, what is it? To run a Boston on somebody That means you get 10 books, 10 or more. BACK or BOK. BO Okay. Books. I don't know what that Means. So 10 I had, we, when we win, that's called books. So we, we went, I had 10 in 10 books or more is Boston.


But there was a jewel that came outta the show. Not that me and Nick Canon got along famously. Not that me and Don had everybody laughing. Nick Cannon said at the end of the show, I want you guys to watch it. Nick Canon out of his own mouth said that it would be an honor to executive produce Flame Rose do comedy special. So woo-hoo. Oh, I I hope he, he works whatever, you know, magic he has and, and gets this rolling because you have certainly waited long enough to have this happen. It had a lot, lot of people offer that you've had people off. But you know, let's see. This is the magic. This is, let's see, let's, let's see if we can get this going.


Yeah. So, and don't jinx it too much. 'cause I'm Irish, so I, I get, I get a little, you know, let's not put the weight on Bobby. You get a little, you get a little about everything. You worry wore Ass. I know, I I know I am a wicked. I I worry about everybody. I don't. Yeah, but let's not, I know it's gonna happen. I'm manifesting Yeah's go. Okay. Whoa, round. Yep. We had a great time. I want you guys to watch the episode and leave a comment. We caught up now we were playing space. If you are a space player, that is the game to watch because, and he was so, you know what I loved about Nick Bobby? He was so cool. Some of the topics were a little ooh, cringey. But he was so fun. And, and then he made it light and he laughed and we laughed. And that is what it's all about. So y'all make sure y'all watching And I I I, I learned a little something with the windmill card.


The, the questions on the cards were a little, there were a little, there were a little lot for this, this mission position lady. But I learned a little something. I learned a little something, but it was fine actually, if you guys are looking for a laugh, I loved dot, I thought she had a phenomenous, phenomenal personality, just as big as everybody else there. She made me laugh. I her bangs, God bless, like she have their own zip code. IIII love them And I I love that she was so comfortable and that you, you all, all four of you, you would never guess that was like your first time meeting. You would think you were all old pals. So you had a real great chemistry before you.


That is my superpower, Bobby. And my gift is that I can make you laugh. My superpower is that make you very comfortable. I, well, you know, I think we have that in common. I, my mother always says, you've never met someone that's not a friend. Like you've never met a stranger. And so yeah, I think that's important to be able to do to people. Sometimes though, when I looking to get out of a store or something quickly and someone's telling me their whole life history, I'm like, I don I've got a, I've got a big, like a beacon on my head for them. No, But Bobby no. You mean somebody talks more than you? No, Sometimes, sometimes We're not gonna have a long episode. 'cause I really am really mustering through this.


'cause my chest is, every time I cough it just seems to punch me further, further. So I wanna talk first. I wanna start out, I know Bobby, you got, I know you got a laugh. I just wanna give a shout out to the Amazon employees that are on strike. I know days before the holiday they are saying that they are overworked, big time, not underpaid. 'cause I think Amazon pays a fair wage, but they are working the hell out of them. So I, they want better Conditions I think is what they were, they're complaining about the facilities. What I'm disappointed about from the little that I've read is like CNM was reporting and that basically it, it's less than 7% Emini here, 1%, 7,000 workers.


They won't be anything late. Everything will keep going. They move it line And I'm thinking, oh, that's not what the response I wanna have. I wanna have you'll go to the negotiating table, try to get these people, fix up your facilities or rent new facilities or whatever. I was a little bit, I was a little disappointed with that one. Well, well let me tell you the flip side of that, just playing devil's advocate while they doing all this. I understand because don't overwork me, have me working in back conditions. But they know that Elon Musk and Jeff Bezos are working hand in hand and Elon Musk wants to replace so many employees with machines. So machines don't take bathroom breaks, they don't take lunch breaks. They don't care about the facility because all they're built to do is work, work, work, work, work.


I just want until They break down, Until they break down and then somebody has to fix them. And again, that's it. If you are a worker at Amazon and they try to replace you with a machine and you are a good American offer that machine a cup of salt water, you'll get your hours back. That's all I'm saying. Okay. Where are we going? T So the next thing that we had is a, a sort of a little early Christmas gift, although I don't understand, I keep thinking you saying the overplay for the underplay there. The ethics committee, the house ethics committee is actually gonna release the Gates investigation. I was kind shocked. He doesn't seem to be bothered by it. He said that this more, it, it, there's nothing illegal, but it's more embarrassing what's in there.


And he was, he partied too much in his twenties and thirties and he is a totally different person. And if it is true, it's old stuff. Let's see what comes out. You know, maybe I'll go Oh, okay. But for what they're saying is in there, it doesn't sound like it's jiving with what, with what he's saying, but What gate? Some people are calling Gate Matt Gates. Yeah, Absolutely. You cannot, you cannot exchange that he allegedly had sex with an underage kid. Well that's what let's, so let's see what they're coming out for. Some of the GOP some of the old staunchy ones are like, well if that's the case, because he's no longer in, and this is the part that I'm struggling with.


It is Right. He is no longer in, but he is going for some sort of public job. And I don't know if that's why they're, they're going to release it. But he wants all of the investigations on everybody released. And I'm like, okay. You know, if that's, but this guy's, this guy's kind of got the biggest one. So we'll see. I I will, I I'm, I'll be interested to see. I think it's, that's supposed to be out not too long. Well, listen, I I need them to pull it all out And I need that not to go through because Matt Gates gives me mad Man. Not that it's not a whole lot of other ones. And speaking of Mad Men there, I'm angry.


I a mad man right now and a mad woman that they want to remove. They have voted to remove Fannie Willis from the Trump case down in Georgia because she was having an affair with the coworker. He had an affair where he was the president with the prostitute. But he still gets to do the job. Yeah, they're saying, I don't know if it has to do with they're, they're definitely saying, the judge said that they're not gonna let her go forward. But remember any of any, and all of of his cases have to go under the new Supreme Court rules that came out last year. And I don't have a lot of information on that one other than they're not letting her move forward. And I'm wondering if it's because it falls within the parameters of the, what the Supreme Court came out with.


But I am, you know, I I I feel you already know how I feel about this. I don't think it's gonna go anywhere anyway, any of these cases. So I would, I, this is the case I would've liked to have heard first. This one and the January 6th. Those are the only two. Yeah, I didn't care about the Husch money. I didn't care about the documents. As I said, I feel like he sort of manipulated that. But these are the ones, had they come out sooner and quicker, I these are the ones that had some meat to them. So it's unfortunate. So, you know, I'm a little disappointed myself. I'm seeing that a lot of people are calling from Hakeem Jeffries to others are calling for the removal of the Speaker of the house, Mike Johnson. Because there's the possibility that the gov, the co the gov that the country will have a shutdown tomorrow.


Not, but its not a full shutdown. It's a partial shutdown. Yeah, they, they, the house rejected today the Johnson Slam B but they're, what they're rejecting is he was trying to push, well, Trump wants the debt ceiling removed. That was the one thing that he wanted put into place earlier. And now because he doesn't wanna take responsibility for it, that he's not gonna be able to meet it with all of these new tariffs and fees and blah blah blah, blah, blah. They're looking for it to be removed. And both the Republican on the republican side, and obviously the Democrats said no, he would've had to come up with 60%. He couldn't come up with 60%. Supposedly there's something up their sleeves for tomorrow.


Like, you know, that there, there's a, there is, maybe there's a plan C. We'll see what happens. I hope to God that we don't go into the new year and with everybody on break and, and we, we have the, the system is shut down. Well with the tariff things. Lemme tell you something Bobby, I know that Trump said came out recently and said that he cannot guarantee that the price of food is not going to go up. Oh, he tar. I went to the grocery. Yeah, I went to the grocery store yesterday, Bobby, just yesterday because I need to get some stuff to fight this cold. And I love eggs. So I bought a dozen of eggs, not even extra large, just large eggs cage free, which is what I like. $8. Eight.


You guys Pay a fortune. And, and California like your gas is so much. My gas right now is two 70. What is yours? Four. I use 91 only in my Jeep. It's 4 97 or $5, something like that, depending on where you go. But I'm just saying the eggs were eight bucks. You know, bacon, the price, it's not that Easy. Well, it's not gonna be easy, especially once he raised the tariff. When we get 60% of our, our produce and stuff from other places. It's all I wanna say flame. No shit. What do you think Joe Biden's been say in the past two years?


Since Covid is over the, the prices went up and we had the inflation due to Covid. You know, it's a worldwide phenomenon. We are, we came out of it the best and the easiest. There are some countries that are literally at their knees that have not come out of Covid. Of course you can't just wave a finger and wave a wand. Of course he didn't say that on the campaign trail, but had he looked a little bit more, I told you his economists went in and started looking at stuff and said, I read an article from CNN this was probably about three weeks ago. And the expression was so simple. It was like, oh, the economy is actually not that bad. But he's been telling everybody it was, it was desperate.


Are Now that said, we don't wanna sound like we're not empathetic because as you just said, you know, we're feeding ourselves. And I, I know that I live paycheck to paycheck. I think when on off times when you're not working, like you've got a break right now with from Tiff's tour, you're feeling the pain. Yes. So I don't want people to not think that. But the economy for the country isn't as bad. It's the inflation and the inflation with him talking about the migrants and all of that jazz. We spoke about it last, last episode that some of the prices are starting to come up. Was, was it 2.7 I think was the, was the number that we had last week. Inflation was starting to rise.


Joe Biden had it starting to come down. And then with all of this immigration and whatever talk, we had a lot of the migrants who were picking stuff. This is only one of the things I know there are many things going on, but they were self deporting themselves 'cause they wanna be able to come back and, you know, we've got a lot of, you know, vegetables on the vine, so to speak. Yeah. So you're exactly right. Emini here, it's, we're between the tariffs and the immigration issues, we're gonna have big problems with food. You better get yourself a chicken and, and, and start planting some crops. I don't know what I can plant in 20 degree weather, but some root vegetables. But we better, we better start doing something because the it's, it's not gonna get better under, even though he says it.


What did Elon Musk say that you keep telling everybody it's going to get a, it's gonna be tight or something for a little while. Be It's gonna Be hard. It's gonna, it's gonna, yeah, it's gonna be hard for a little like as if it's gonna affect him. Yeah, yeah. Well, well for the Amer for the irregular American. Yeah. And it is gonna get hard. We're gonna have to get used to it. And people, I believe that we'll all get through it. We're gonna have to tighten our belts. We're gonna have to say no to the kids for some stuff and not overspend. Be careful and mindful of our money. And, and, and if you are in a climate that you can grow a little something, grow a little something and try to tide you over can your stuff. We, they did it in the depression stuff.


We're gonna have to do it. But we will get through the next four years, two years. Remember we, we vote again. You know,


at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save those voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something. You know, for me, when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call. My mom, her voice always feels like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my friend Tammy. Her voice gives me that lift. I didn't know I needed. At t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at At&t. Connecting changes everything.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, St. Eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. Based on the inspirational true story. Damn proud of you Kia. Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby going to the Olympics to this generation's Rocky. Can't nobody Beat me. You'll stand up and cheer. It's one of the best movies of the year he Represent out there. Who I would do it at Flint. The fire inside based on incredible true story, Whitney, PG 13, inappropriate for children under 13. Now playing only in theaters.


It it, it is going to be very, very difficult. Bobby, we just listen. We're survivors. We will have to make do. That's it. It will not be easy. And you know what I think that us also is, is because we look on the internet And I see my neighbor living this kinda way and I'm thinking on the outside looking in that. But I promise you sometimes it looks good on the internet, but they have the same troubles. They may not have the financial woes, but they have a whole lot of other issues. Lemme tell you who's having issue? The shooter. The shooter this past week, the 15-year-old girl who went and shot up at school. Oh my gosh, this was a 15-year-old girl. They have not divulged all the information, but something was, I believe that something was happening to this kid for how to have this much anger and bitterness more than bullying.


Something was happening with her in her Personal life. Oh, I think it was happening in her h in her her home. Right. In her home. Yeah. So she, they said that her parents have been married and divorced to each other at least two times. She was living under a very difficult child custody situation. This, these are just the things they've been able to pull so far. We still don't know if that's the motivation. The only thing that we really know about it is that we had a 14-year-old in a 42 year olds that were killed. They identified them Ruby, Ruby Ra, who's 14, and Erin West was 42. They would, she entered a, an open study room and six other people were injured.


Four of them immediately. Least two of them that are still in critical condition fighting for their lives. Yeah. So there's gotta be something. It is so sad. And this was a private Christian school. My god, I can't even, yeah, it'll be interesting to see. Where'd you get the gun flame? I wonder, I wonder did they have, it's a private Christian school and so this new Republican regime, that's all they're pushing is private, is Christian schools. And I wonder, did she have one of them Trump bibles up in there? Her name was Natalie rno. Yep. Because you know, he's selling bibles, he's selling bibles for 60 bucks. I wonder, did she have one of those Trump bibles up in those Christian schools School?


I don't know, but I will, I will be interested. A, to find out, but b, to see like where did she get the gun if she was in between parents, you know, parents are being held accountable with this stuff now. Yeah. You know, we've already seen seen two parents that are, that have gone to jail and two more that are, that are going to be be be tried. It'll be interesting to see, see what happens with this terrible before the holidays, I I, you know, I I just feel, ugh, you send your kid, your kid's going to get some extra help. And, and this is what happens. Did you see that Gilgo beach guy has two? There are two more bodies, two additional people that, that they're looking at. He, he's nuts.


I just can't believe it. I I'm like, cheap is creep is, you know, how old are these bodies have been for a long time. One of them they think may have looked like a woman or, or dressed as a woman, but they think it might be a man. They're still, they have to check the bones and stuff. It, you know, Bobby stories like that make you think, how do these people even say? But because I couldn't walk around with that heavy blanket on me every day knowing that I had killed and buried somebody. Right. That's a lot to carry around for years and not disclose to nobody. You know, I would be paranoid or some, I don't know. I think people's consciousness are different, but, Ooh, the way that, that story sounds like he has no, no conscious, no soul. No. When you look in his eyes too, and, and, and of course that, you know, we, we've seen him all over the news for the past year.


But when you look in his eyes, there's like a, and he's a big strapping guy. Like I think he's a six foot f you know, four, 300 pound. Like I, if you were a small woman, you wouldn't have any chance. There's like a deadness, like the, the few times they've had, he, he just, he, there's like a, a deep dark deadness in in those eyes. Emini here. Thank God they actually have 'em. I hope they can tie everything to 'em. I really hope if there are other bodies that they're able to do, don't identify them for the family. So the families have some sort of closure. Because es that, that is some, some really crazy, crazy stuff. Look at, they just did an extradition, didn't they?


On on Luigi. Luigi Mangione. Yeah. He, so he's off to, well, you know, he didn't like the conditions of the jail in Pennsylvania. So let's see who, like island In Brooklyn. Now he's gonna Brooklyn it sounds like Go Riker. Okay. That's, oh yeah, maybe they can, they did say he didn't speak much, everything was a yes or a no. His, his attorney asked him, is he sure that this is what he wanted? He said, yes. You know, he thinks he's not gonna do, of course Emini here. He probably won't do any, any worse in New York than he would in Pennsylvania. I don't know. It's not like, you know, they're, they're living in the lack of luxury there.


I I wonder, so we're talking about a deadness or a craziness. I, i, I think, I don't know if he was so immature. I don't get it. I I wonder if he realizes that he's going to jail for the rest of his life. Emini here. They have him, have him. Do you know, like this isn't, There is, this Isn't like, maybe He is to me another Menendez brothers. And when I say that, I don't mean that he killed his parents, but he was so entitled and he felt so privileged. He came for money. He was a val. He had everything that you could possibly want to be afforded in This life. And it still wasn't enough that you would go out and impose.


And you're so smart. You, you, you magnum ate of a private school, you know, you were the number one. You couldn't sit down and call the board meeting woo woo that you had to go this extreme. And again, Bobby, I agree with you that you were a coward. You shot this man in the back. He didn't even see you coming. You couldn't even have a, a conversation with you was just that angry. Angry. And you would, you had millions and millions of dollars a bump that you were young, bright, and extremely handsome young man. You probably could have had anything you wanted, but you chose to kill somebody. So now you have to take what they give you. Yeah. I can't even, he had every, he, he had a privilege by his sex.


He had privilege by his color. Socioeconomic status, education. He had every privilege. There isn't, I don't know, think there's one other privilege that, that he didn't get. And you know what's even crazier? So his family is, is hide in an attorney. I was listening to News Nation, I think it was last night or the night before. And they were saying he hasn't even, nobody, his parents haven't even spoken or visited to him. It's through the attorney. They, but he has collected as of yesterday, 110,000 people are paying for his legal defense fund. Is that nuts? Well, they look at him as a Robin Hood because of the way that the health economy, because of the healthcare system here in America.


So they, some people have actually him like it fixed the fucking system. Well, they have labeled, a lot of people have labeled him a modern day Robinhood, Bobby, take from the rich and give to the boy. But this is, so here's the difference, which I find infuriating. So we just talked about everything that says he had Mr. Thompson, he came up by his bootstraps himself. He, he found his own way, got himself to school, paid himself. He just came from a regular average family, you know, Emini here. He wasn't brought up in privilege. So he is the, is the hero that he made it. And again, he didn't necessarily be, make the decisions for people's claims not to get paid or whatnot. He just happens to head the, the the company, the largest healthcare company.


Yeah. I just, I I, I really, I don't have a lot of his Immaturity that he has to have. I feel badly for that because it, I think he's 26, he made a decision for the rest of his life that his life is destroyed. It's over Emini here he is never going anywhere. Think of all the, the good that he could have done with that Mag Malad and, and the education, the both prep school, the call stuff. I'm gonna, I'm, I'm gonna cut you off and disagree with you right there ahead because go ahead. If he write, if he writes Donald Trump a nice letter and says he's gonna donate some money, he might get a party. He might get a party Emini here. He, he feels terrible for the average man. And, and the, and the, you know, the, the little guy, but he didn't mind taking his, his parents' money and being self-funded down in Hawaii while he sonned his bonds.


I I'm, there's too much hypocrisy in all of it. I just don't, but you are right. He could, God knows You. I'm telling you the way, the way the country is set up now, you really just don't know what is going to happen. But I think that was still a tragedy because even if the, the, the, the guy who was murdered was wrong in some aspect, And I don't know because they, they have not disclosed enough detail as to say what went where. Right. He still was a parent. He still was a dad, he still was a husband. You know, he still had a life. There are other ways of dealing with things, but like you said, Bobby, the Immaturity is, and like the internet tells you or these, some of these video games, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill, kill.


Yeah. Not reason, not rhyme, not talk, not have a situation. It's just kill, kill, kill. It's, it is weird. Living in monstrous times. It's crazy. And then I haven't, I don't know a whole lot about him either. Chris Cuomo had somebody on, I think from the company, and this was last week. And they said the sad part is he was the type of agitator Thompson himself that questioned things. How can we do it better? How can we do it more cost effectively? How do we change things in lower rates? Emini here, this was the guy that, that potentially could have sat on a committee with people and tried to change healthcare. And he was taken out by, by a coward. I'm sorry. Anybody that shoots somebody in the back when they don't even know No.


Is, that's a coward in the darkness in the get me, get me started anyway. Well, well he's been, he's in the Brooklyn penal system. Maybe he'll share baby oil and sales with Pete. You said penal system In the, maybe he'll share sales with Diddy. They'll share baby oil and healthcare stories. Maybe, maybe Because they like Diddy getting out. They keep turning him down. He ain't going nowhere. They got him right where they want him Because they know, and you know, the thing is, so his privilege, his financial privilege isn't helping him and his notoriety and all that stuff because they know he is gonna take off.


He's not staying. If he, if they let him out, He going run. He'd be gone in the, he's gonna run like Peter, Paul and Mary, I'm leaving on the jet plane. Don't know when I'll be back again. Yeah, no, it's the truth. It, it's, yeah, he he'll he'll be gone. The one thing I was, I don't wanna say I'm glad because immigration, they're talking about the massive deportation, but that borders are, they, they are trying to come up with a formula for, for, for easier way to deport. And they're definitely going after the criminals first. I don't think they're gonna do much better than Biden has done.


But it's funny when you're sitting back in the big seat and, and he's tried to educate himself a little bit more, or at least getting people in. It's not as easy. Like we just talked about groceries. He was gonna magic magically make all the wars disappear. He was gonna bring inflation down on day one. And all of a sudden now that he's in, oh, not so easy. So we won't deport everybody, but we'll go after the He did say during the debate, if I am elected president, I'll stop the war immediately. Yeah. Okay. So you president-elect. Yeah, we we're waiting. Yeah. Emini here. Jesus, he's been, we talked about this last, last week or the week before for a second.


I've never seen anybody that we've waiting to go in. You know, he still has a month to go and he's acting like he's president. He's sitting with everybody, meeting with everybody. So he is already doing it all. Why isn't it? Why isn't it over? Because he sold all he sold. He was like a, a, a snake oil man. He sold the middle of the ocean in a condo in the middle of the ocean and you knew it was in the middle of the ocean and you still bought it. And people fucked around and now they're gonna find out, Say that Bobby, say it. It's true. Fucked around and find out. And the big come up is, And I actually heard Trump come out against it.


I did hear about the polio vaccine. He likes the salt vaccine. I think that, I don't think that RFK. And that's what this, this piece with this segments about was talking about getting rid of the polio vaccine. That's how the media is sort of twisting it.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hello. It is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


I Couldn't lose weight, fatigue, gas, bloating, Hot flashes. These women got life-changing symptom relief from Be Vial. The comprehensive hormone health solution from Body, while everyone is unique and will have varied results, here are extraordinary experiences from independent body affiliates and actual Bel Vial users. The combination of the fitness, the food, the breathing exercises, the supplements, it's just the magic that I was missing. My Workouts have never been better. I love the combination of the Pilates with lifting. My Body literally feels Like it got younger. This nutrition program has taught me what my body truly needs. I'm less bloated. I have less inflammation now. I'm equipped with how to manage the stress. It's helping me sleep so much better. Within A week or two of taking these supplements, I physically felt a difference. I have transformed my body from the inside out. Betal is a first of its kind complete program that is helping thousands of women feel good. Learn more@belattal.com


Back to RFK. Okay, listen, madman gone mad. Good God, he is giving me a madman. Awful. But, but the one thing that we, that you And I have said is I feel like the young aren't listening to the regular media. They feel like it's passe and they're only listening to TikTok and all these crazy things. I think everybody else, you gotta vet things not just once but twice. So he had somebody that, that had worked with him at one time that was on again, news Nation. I'm, I'm like News Nation all over the place today. And he said there's one vaccine, there were three of them, one of them for children. They, he doesn't feel like it's been vetted enough and he wants more, more information done on it.


So he wasn't talking about getting rid of all of them, which is what the, the media made it seem like. You know, it was being whipped off. I haven't heard RFK himself say that. No, I'm sort of, but he hasn't been saying much. He's just been sort of shaking the, the bushes, you know, up in, in Washington. I haven't he heard him have you speak this week? I haven't really, I haven't heard a whole heck of a lot other You've been too busy. You haven't been, you haven't been looking at that. Okay. And JD Vance have seemed to be very quiet because Yeah, I agree. The president agree, president elect, the president elects Donald Trump are, from what I'm seeing from the news, who I'm sitting on the outside looking in the president is Elon Musk.


He's certainly the social media king. He made a comment, something I this is not, this is not verbatim that, you know, he, they have between Trump and himself, they have all the media. Like he thinks he's Putin who puts out the media because between X and, and News. Well, what, what is, what is Trump's called? Nation? Nation? I knew it was nation. I was gonna say News Nation just because I had just said it. Which is not the truth. That's only that type of, that's the, you know, that's a, a streaming, whatever you wanna call it. Platform. Not even streaming isn't even correct. That vet the stuff you're seeing people, people say something to you go and look, don't believe what they're saying a hundred percent because we can get ourselves in a twist over stuff and it's, we until the, the 21st, we, we don't even know gonna know what's gonna happen.


There's no use of us getting crazy right now. Yeah. To me, yeah. I'm looking at that shutdown stuff just keeps coming up. Oh, they're still working on it. The Dow because of, Oh, go ahead. I'm gentrified about a government shutdown too right now. It's so close. Close to the new year. No, we cannot Not. We can't because they're all gonna be gone for whatever. They're gonna have to come up with something. There was some crazy mess I guess in the, in what Trump had wanted. He wanted that debt ceiling gone and he wanted the few other crazy things. He wanted the lower disaster relief. What about the poor people that are, that are voted for you, that are living in North Carolina that are still intenses right now? You gonna take their disaster money away from them?


No, I don't think so. You know, just absolutely nuts. So hopefully by tomorrow they'll do something. The plunge, which is sort of normal right after, right after an election. But it, it also caused, in order for us not to get into inflation, they're saying that the fed's going to reduce the interest rate by a quarter percent. I'm always happy for that. Anytime any of my credit cards or, or my potentially my student loans will go down. I'm like, whoop whoop. Yeah, I'll take it. I think, I think that, and when I was watching M-S-N-B-C earlier, how they're going after Liz Cheney, they're blaming Liz Cheney for so many things.


Right. Because she had a different point of view. I don't like that Liz Cheney, to me was standing on an American principle that was implemented absolutely by men of the Constitution of United States in 1776. Yeah. Because it's, she's not saying what you all want her to say now. Y'all wanna change all of these different laws and roots. We are living in a crisis, y'all. I'm telling you It is. But the only thing I like about Liz and, and that I am really appreciating it, is that she has her receipts explained. So she had, there was one, one conversation that they were, they were upset about something that was said or Trump or something. It was said like it was slanderous. And she, she said it one way, the person she said it to said, no.


That's exactly what she said. So that's one of the things he might, he might try to sue because, you know, he's suing that pollster Trump. They, they said that her, her company said that Harris was up by three points. So he wants to go ahead and, and sue her. I'm trying to think of what the hell her name is. And I'm thinking, really this is, this is the where are you gonna spend your time? It seems ab absolutely crazy. Ann Seltzer. Well, Yeah, well, well he's his whole campaign. He was on revenge. So nothing has changed. He's on revenge.


He said it. Well, I know. No, and he did Emini here. Hopefully nothing happens with Fannie. We already know what, what, what the Georgia Court of Appeals disqualified her from bringing that, bringing that forward. The, we also did this week, because we have a, we live in a democracy. The electoral college actually did clinch that he, that he did what? When it takes a long time. This is what we had all, we started to have some of the troubles, the, the last time he won 312 and she won 2 26. I didn't realize she was so low. For some reason I thought she was like two 30. Yeah, it is A little disappointing. It's gonna be a shake up week.


But especially if we go into a lockdown with this country. I just wanna say with the whole Luigi guy, I understand people, I understand both sides of that story. I don't, I don't agree with him going to shoot that man period killing that man. No, but I do understand both sides. I don't understand though that you were rich and privileged and people out here struggling like yourself, Bobby, like myself, you know, I'm work, I only work from gig to gig, you know, and you work from paycheck to paycheck, which is the same thing as me. But, and, and when things get tight, I don't wanna go lash out and kill somebody because I'm not getting things my way or they're not doing it fast enough. That is definitely what you said. There's a level of opportunity that is lacking and missing in this country right now.


And I think that would be a good title. The lack of opportu in, in America. Because that, that's the extreme. That is the, that's the last resort you go murder somebody, you know, not not talk it out. Not let's have a meeting. Let, let's try to come to some situation to where we can sit and talk and hash it out. Just go and kill. That is what we're gonna turn Into. It gives me ideas. What do we always say? I've said it. I I never mind if you complain about something you don't like it. And I, it's, it's healthcare's awful in the United States. We have Emini here. We have to be having some sort of negotiation with the pharmaceutical companies. We have to work with the insurance companies to get prices done.


There's a million things we can do. But Luigi, bring your ideas. Be willing to put on some shoes and, and walk the pavement and do some of the work. Get people together. Emini here, there's a million. He could have become a lobbyist and, and lobby for this. There's a million things that he could have done, but he chose the easy kind of sexy way. And I, And I put that right back to what you said earlier. It's, it's, we've, we've, we're up against the young people. What are we teaching them? We are crazy. We are in a, an environment that 20 years ago, you And I would both go. There's no way. There's no way Emini here. Yeah. Well, Well with with the internet. We have sensationalized beauty.


We have, because if he was an unattractive man, Bobby, I don't know if people would still see him the same way, but because he's such an attractive man, I think that And wealthy. And wealthy Yeah. And young. And I think they have sensationalized that and made him like a martyr and No, he's a murderer, not a martyr. Yeah, he's a murderer. Please don't get serious. Yeah, You're exactly right. I like that. He's a mur murderer. Not a murderer. So not a martyr. It it's gonna be crazy, Bobby. But you know what, we're gonna keep reporting to you guys here, right and left and learn. And I'm gonna feel better. Y'all, I'm gonna be better next week because I just got the cooties. I think Bobby gave it to me long distance.


I know I did have it last week, but mine was in my nose, not in my chest. Yours is in your chest. That's, that's tough stuff. Feel better, honey. It's a, it's a whole lot of stuff in my chest, but yeah, it's definitely in there. You got, Yeah, I was gonna say something naughty, but I'm not, We wanna thank our, we wanna thank our producer, Mr. Aaron Howell for coming in, showing up late. I was like, we were supposed to take yesterday, but I was under the weather. Under the weather where I pushed through today. Thank you guys for joining us here. Bobby, what can we follow you on social media? I'm gonna tell you, but I, first I'm gonna say, and and also because I was looking at Christmas lights. We probably won't speak to you before Christmas, so ho ho ho. Have a wonderful, peaceful holiday if you celebrate.


Oh, So now you going. So now you're gonna call me on my name. Ho ho. You've got that. You got, you got, you got a couple of other people in there. I wanna make sure, but I'm, I am Clifford Bobby on Facebook. No, Clifford Bobby on Instagram. Excuse me. Bobby Clifford on TikTok and, and Facebook. How about you? And she and she's at Laugh Podcast. Yep. On ig I am Monroe. Flame on IG and I'll be free tomorrow. I get out of ID jail. And then I am Flame Monroe 1 2 5 on TikTok and Flame Monroe, everywhere else. Thank you guys for joining us. I'm sorry my voice is so RAs for y'all. I was in New Orleans, I had a great time, but I came home with the cooties, but I won't have 'em next week here at Laugh Lot.


I want you guys to remember as we close it out this year, 'cause we're almost over. First of all, Merry Christmas to everyone. Have a great time. Watch. It's a wonderful life. Watch the a Christmas Carol with Jean Lockhart and with Reginald Owen. Go back to Yes. And Year. Remember your child. Stop listening to all the publications about this person was a racist and this person, like these are the movies that we grew up on as children. Watch. It's a very watch. It's a Christmas Charlie Brown watch, Rudolph The Red Nose Reindeer. Especially if you are a seasoned person, it'll take you back to when you were a kid. Different times, happier times, hopefully in your life. And make you remember what Christmas is all about.


Just worship God, the birth of Christ, giving gifts and being with people that you know love and want to be around. So try to remember that with, with The World that we live in right now. Because here at Laugh Alone, we are not trying to get you to change your mind. We are only trying to get you to use your mind because why Bobby? Because a mind is a terrible thing to waste. And a Christmas Carol or it's a wonderful life is a terrible thing to not watch during the holiday season. It's fun. Oh, watch it happen one night. Oh my God. Oh my old black and white. I love all that stuff. I do that too. And watch the Christmas lights. That's what I did tonight. Yes, I went to Gillette Stadium and it's so fun to see the people. They're enthusiastic and they, you gotta get the vibe going.


Put a little Christmas music on every, every city has a a channel that you know, after Thanksgiving, between the two holidays, they play the music. I'm telling you, you make it nice. And if A parent, if you're a parent or grandparent, you have kids around, take away their apparatuses, get popcorn, sit down and watch those Christmas movies together. It will warm your heart because they will never forget those moments. I'm just trying to let you guys know. Have a Merry Christmas and we'll see you guys before the end of the new year. But please have a fantastic Christmas. Stay safe. Be safe. We love you here. See you next week. Deuces Bye. Don't Miss an episode of Laugh and Learn. Listen and subscribe on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Laugh and Learn Podcast is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network and iHeartRadio. Our executive producer is Tiffany Haddish. Our theme music is by the one and only Chrissy Payne. Thank you guys. This is Flame of Row. Don't forget to laugh, listen and learn.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of Espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in Your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


With Kroger brand products. You can get all of your favorite things this holiday season because our proven quality products come at exceptionally low prices and with a money back quality guarantee. Every dish is sure to be a favorite from Sweet Sugar Cookies and holiday ham to that perfect slice of pie. Whether you shop delivery, pickup, or in store, Kroger brand has all your favorite things. Kroger Fresh for everyone.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order Now terms and conditions apply. See app for details.