
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You, Lucy, you know, if you gonna lie about that right now, Lauren came in. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren La Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Now y'all know I'm the home grad that knows a bit about everything and everybody, and the latest with Lauren La Rosa is always your, you know, your daily dig on all things pop culture and the conversations that are shaking in the room. We don't even have, have time to check in or nothing like that today, y'all, because Diddy court opening statements, there is so much going on witness testimony, And I am right there on the pulse of it all bringing you latest.


So I wanna get into the updates. Let's get on into it. All right, y'all, now we need to talk, okay? Because let me tell you something. Let me tell you something right here. If what eye witness today in court is the way that the rest of this trial is going to go for Puff, he not gonna see that maximum jail time. They talking about his lawyers don't play with them at all. Like this was the first day of opening statements and the first time we heard any witness testimony, right? I honestly, for one, didn't think we were gonna get to any witness testimonies, because I thought the opening statements were gonna be so long. The prosecutors, they came out swinging. I'm not even gonna hold y'all.


So court started around like 9:35 AM I was in the overflow room for the first half and then I actually made it into the real courtroom. Diddy was dressed at all gray with a right button up. He actually did get his hair cut a little bit. His facial hair was trimmed up a little bit. But so the prosecutors open his thing up with their opening statements and in their opening statements. And the prosecutors, for those of you guys who do not know are the people that think Diddy belongs in jail. The government opening statements actually begin with, he's a cultural icon. He's Diddy, he's larger than life, but there was another side of him that was the opening line of the prosecutor's statements. So from there, you already know where they going with Diddy. Started with Cassie, but they didn't start with the video. Prosecutors talked about a night where Cassie, you know, basically had found out that Puff was dealing with another woman.


And she was like, you know, I'm outta here. And she went to go be with another man. That man Alex Fine, who is her now husband, who I actually saw in court today. So I thought at one point Cassie was gonna testify today, but it didn't happen. But they talk about how Diddy, when he found out this got his gun, went and got, you know, a couple people that work with him and went to go find Cassie. Like he was on like this rage, allegedly, like the prosecutors was like, if y'all think y'all know, we about to tell y'all something new right here, right now. Prosecutors used their opening statement time to introduce a lot of new information. The, the, the defendants did he decide didn't do that. So prosecutors let us know, number one, that there is a woman named Mia, right?


And this woman named Mia is a woman who used to work for Puff. She was his, one of his personal assistants. And the prosecutors say that Mia will testify in, in alleging that she was sexually assaulted by Diddy and that she basically all of these years was scared to come out because of the power and the influence of Puff. There was an escort that got on the stand as a witness during this testimony. This escort talked about being made to Pete and Cassie's mouth. But this witness says that it was Cassie who asked him to do that now, and that's Cassie seen in video.


Now, this was t and this is why I'm saying Puffs attorneys ain't nothing to be fooled with, okay? Because let me tell y'all, so the CNN video from 2016, this video, I think people keep bringing into question. And for me, I I, I knew that even though they were saying like they, they were trying to figure out how they were gonna use it in, in the beginning of all this, right? We had that conversation. I knew that they were gonna have to be very strategic about how they used it. This they as the prosecutors because he's not being charged with domestic violence. So the prosecutors brought that in by bringing a witness. The witness was a man who was a security guard at the intercontinental, the security guard when he's being questioned by the prosecutors, they, they established like, oh, he was a former LAPD officer, or he's a, he's A-L-A-P-D officer.


Now he was a, a former head of security and are doing all of this because, you know, when you are head of security working at a high level place like the intercontinental, there are certain things that you gotta abide by very strictly. Now that you're LAPD officer, you take an oath to protect and serve. They're trying to establish his integrity. Now, this security guard from the Intercontinental, right? He is, well he was, he was like an assistant director or something like that. Like, so he was like leadership. He wasn't the boss, but he was leadership, right? So he still reported to somebody, but he was leadership, right? So this man, they do a lot of questioning. He goes down the, the, the, you know, recounting what he remembers from the video.


He alleges when he's talking to prosecutors that, you know, when he was called upstairs, he had him viewed the video first. So he didn't know that they were actually physically fighting. But when he got up there, Cassie had had a purple eye. He says that, you know, he had told them that they had to go back in the room just because he didn't see it itself. Cassie was saying that she wanted to leave and Puff was saying that she couldn't leave allegedly. And he was like, no, she's going to leave if she wants to leave, right? He also alleged that when he walked them back to their, their, their room that they were staying in, that he saw a another man in the room sitting on the bed. Now that's important because remember Cassie is alleging that that video was her trying to get away from one of the freak offs.


The defense is alleging, no, there was no freak off happening. Y'all got into it over a phone and this was a toxic response from both sides that we saw on that video. So the man is like, okay, she Cassie's trying to get outta there, she wants to go, I'm trying to help her get outta there. Boom. That's how he talking to prosecutors baby. Brian still got up there talking on pus behalf. First thing he said was, he said, okay, so you're alleging that, you know, you were, you were, you were second to the head of security at the time, right? You worked for a company named Securitized. He's like, yeah, so he's, so Brian said was like, okay, well would you say that your incident reports are basically like Bible, like y'all live by that you put everything there.


It has to be honest, it has to be clear, it has to be very in information in the beginning of his system. He said basic to the Ws, the who, what, when, where, why to give all the information because these incident reports can be used if someone tries to sue the hotel, if they need to take further action against someone sending in a hotel and to just let you know what Emini here, like let the rest of the team know what's going on, right? So he's like, yeah, yep, a hundred percent what you're saying is correct, Mrs. Steele, this is, this is the witness. So Brian Steele is like, okay, well I got a few questions for you then you that Cassie had a purple y why wasn't that in your incident report, you alleged that you were trying to, you know what Emini here help her leave because p because Puff didn't want her to leave.


Why wasn't that in an incident report? There was so many different things that they caught him up on. Y'all like it, I was sitting there like, oh, and then, right? He had alleged when the prosecutors that Cassie was trying to leave, when Brian Steele came on the stand, Brian Steele was like, oh, but wait, because you had said that Puff was telling you that he wanted her to leave. So what are we going by here? Now, I'm not gonna lie, prosecutors did their big one, they came back, they didn't really say too much in response to that. Instead they replayed the video again of Diddy dragging Cassie back to the room.


Basically like, ain't no way you wanted her to leave and you dragging her back to the room, right? And they, Mike dropped after that. But the way Brian still caught this man up on a cross examination. Now, let me Just say too, the prosecutors themselves, they, they, they put all their stuff out in the front. So the, the, the man from the hotel, he, there was the original video and then he recorded the video to then show to his wife and they asked him like, well, why would you record the video to then show to your wife? And he was like, because basically after the events that I saw, I knew that if I just said it, nobody would believe me. So he knows, like he said, he didn't know who Cassie was, but he knew who Puff was, right? So he knows that this is like a big deal because of who was involved.


So Brian still is then making a point that like, yo, so you're sitting here telling me that you remember all these details. You remember a blue, a, a, a purple eye that you're testifying to, you know, all these things on the stand from nine years ago. But in your incident report at the time of the event, which you knew was a big deal because you had people talking to you about your, he said his employees were coming into work asking to see the video. So you had people at your job talking to you about it. You recorded it to make sure you could show your wife 'cause you didn't think she was gonna believe you, but you didn't detail everything in your incident report that you're nail on this stand claiming. I said, oh, that witness is done. He's no longer looking valid no more. And this is the same man that, you know, what Emini here was saying, Hey, puff offered me all this money allegedly to get rid of the video.


And that's what, that's what he said to prosecutors. Brian still got on the stand and said, wait, you told us that from the minute you stepped off the elevator when all this was happening, you kept reminding Diddy he's gonna have to pay for all of this, everything that they messed up. So then you tell me that the minute you step in his room, he offers you money and you instantly assume that it was to cover up a video. Because from what I what, from what I'm hearing, he offered you money because you told him that he had to pay for a bunch of stuff. Yo they was, but they, I'm trying to tell y'all right now, Diddy's legal team is not coming to play the prosecutors, their, their witness testimony has to get stronger because today, even with the male escort, it was like they had a good setup and it was doing so well.


And then Diddy's attorneys would come in and then boom. Now they looking a little all over the place or fanned out. To be honest with you, like the male escort said at one point he, he didn't even care if he wasn't being paid at certain points because he was just so excited to be a part of Diddy and Cassie's lifestyle. He didn't know who Cassie was, but she was gorgeous. He didn't find out until later. But of course he knew who Diddy was, even though he says his first couple times, meaning Diddy, Diddy, Diddy would cover his face, allegedly with a bandana and wear a baseball cap. But he was like, he knew when he heard his voice, who he was, but he had never saw his face until Puff got comfortable allegedly, right? But that whole thing with the urination blew up the prosecutor's case because the prosecutors led their opening statement like, yo Cassie's gonna get on, stand herself and tell y'all this man took it as far as to make another man pee in her mouth.


And you get an escort on the, the, the, the escort on the the stand who says, no, Cassie asked me to do that. Allegedly, we gonna pick back up tomorrow with the escort. They, they ran outta time today in court with the escort. But man, listen, they like, look, cuff is everything. The prosecutors Emini here. The, the defense is like, look, he everything y'all think he, you know, abused drugs at one point. He was, he don't know how to control his anger. He was, he was an abuser of women domestically, but he did not, he's not a sex trafficker. He, he ain't a arsonist. He everything that he's in court for today. Nah, we not sending on that.


I now understand why Puff did not take that plea deal. Not even gonna lie. It's gonna take some major commit. And I'm not saying this to say that I know he's guilty or not. I'm telling y'all the sparring that I watched in court today, that man's legal team is gonna be, if if it go, if, if the rest of court goes anything like today that man's legal team will be the reason why he does not serve that full sentence. They did not come to play, did not. Thank y'all so much for tuning in with me. I hope you guys feel like y'all were right there in the courtroom with me, okay? And I'm taking y'all there every day this week I'm gonna be bringing y'all details And I want y'all to ask me questions.


Let me know what you want me to answer for you by attending these court dates. And I tell y'all every single episode, y'all could be anywhere talking to anybody about these things. 'cause at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. But y'all be right here with me. Y'all know. I appreciate y'all. It's Lauren the Rosa. This is the latest with Lauren the Rosa. I'll catch you guys in our next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.