
Speak to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this happen. And grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Let's get, let's get,


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You hear That exclusive, you know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi, Yes. Welcome on y'all. I'm Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren La This is your daily dig on everything. Pop culture and all the conversations that shake the room, the home grind knows a little bit about everything and everybody, it is back again. I would say, did y'all miss me? But y'all be hearing me every day, so, okay, but today, Emini here, there is so much to get into. Now, before we get started, we gonna do a little check-in. We wanna know, you know, how was everybody feeling Back on the ground?


Patrick, how you feeling today? How was your trip? Tell the people where, where were you? What was, I don't even know where you was at. I was in Atlanta. Atlanta doing some work. Hot Atlanta. Yeah, hot Atlanta. I'm going there this weekend for the Black Effect Podcast Festival. I will be hosting the creators conversation that stage. I love hot Atlanta. Atlanta is so fun. I always have such a good time when I go there. How you feeling though, Lauren? How you feeling? I feel good. I feel really, really good. We've onboarded a, a few more members of the team. So, you know, things are building out, things are growing. I feel busy and that is such a blessing. I, I'm in great spirits. I have no complaints.


I'm feeling like a boss today. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know, we had like meetings this morning and like, you know, just onboarding people and things are upp in it. And I feel like we found our voice, and I've said this multiple times, but I think we where we need to be when we need to be there. So that is very exciting to me. Very exciting to me. Y'all thank y'all. Shout out to y'all. Let's clap it up for the viewers, the listeners, all of the producers and the writers and the creators in the comments who be throwing a little, you know what, Emini here. Hey, I think this, I think that I, I interact with y'all. I see y'all and y'all are our community. So shout out to the low riders. I'm feeling good. Okay, feeling good, looking good, period.


Now let's get on into the latest, because baby, there is a lot to talk about today. Lauren la Rosa with the dockets. Okay, that's what they about to start calling me, because y'all know I love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. Now, today we're giving y'all the latest on Shannon Sharpe. Now unc, they trying to make UNC out to be the unc who don't know what no means, which is crazy. So there is a woman who was accusing Shannon Sharpe of sexual assault. Specifically, she's saying that he violently raped her and mentally and at some points even physically abused her. That is what she's alleging. And because of that, she's asking for 50 million dollars in damages.


Now, this 50 million dollars breaks up into a bunch of different things, and we'll get into that. But this woman, her name is Gabriela Zuniga Zaga. And the reason why I know her name is because Shannon Sharpe came out and responded to the lawsuit and specifically named her like, all right, we gonna do this, let's do it. Y'all wanna play ball, let's play. Boom. Here's who we talking about. Right? When the lawsuit was filed, it was filed Sunday night in Nevada by attorney Tony Busby. You guys will remember Attorney Busby, because he has, he has had his name on some of the Diddy cases that, that case with Jay-Z that got dismissed when they filed it, SIS was listed as a Jane Doe. And then Shannon Sharpe came out with his response and names heard directly, and then gave some more details.


Now, in her lawsuit, she's saying that she was raped multiple times and, and you know, she was emotionally controlled within a two year relationship. She does admit, and she says that, you know, at, at, at some point in the, the, the alleged rape, it was anal rape that actually went down, like it was very physically violent, is is what she's saying. Now, she does admit that there was a relationship at some point that it was consensual, that they, her and Shannon Sharpe had met when she was in the gym. She said she was 30 years younger than her, than him. She was about 19 or 20, 30 years younger than him. And he said to her when meeting her, like, okay, if you go win this weight loss contest with me, I'll buy you some new titties.


That's how he came on. And she said that, you know, she wasn't too interested, but they did exchange numbers and eventually she gave in and, and you know, they met up and they hung out and you know, all of the things. Now, there was at one point where she says that the first time that she went to his house, she came there and he answered the door, didn't even speak to her, just walked upstairs to the bed. So she followed him because she didn't know what else to do. And they had their first sexual encounter there. And she says that like he put his hand around her neck and you know, she, she's alleging different things from the start. Then she says that next morning there was a whole situation that went down. She says that that next morning after that situation went down, Shannon Sharpe left at 4:00 AM because he had like a media hit.


And this is alleged, he had a media hit or something like that, that he was gonna do a media event of some sort. And he told her that she had to leave because he was leaving and to be back at nine that night. Now again, the first encounter, she's not saying that he raped her, the first encounter, what she's saying is that things were, you know, they were aggressive. She then says that she comes back again and she shows up at 9 0 5 versus the nine o'clock, and she alleges that Shannon Sharpe got pissed. He was going off, he was berating her, calling her all types of names, calling her outer names, all different types of things right now. Then she says at that point they begin having, you know, a relationship even though he was violently threatening her, telling her, you know, different things he would do to her if, if she ever played with his time and disrespected him because she showed up late to his house.


They did continue a relationship of some sort. They're in Vegas, both at the same time at this point. And she says that they were even together during the whole Instagram live, allegedly the woman named Michelle thing, which really pissed her off because she's like, yo, we supposed to be together. And she's like, you know, this is how he would control her. He would lie about not being with other women and things of that nature. So she didn't wanna be with him anymore. She tried to cut him off. There was a time where she says after this, she had actually met up with him and she turned on her phone location just so her friends could know where she was at because she had told him that she didn't wanna be with him anymore. And she alleges that Shannon Sharp was pissed off about that, had threatened to do things to her and all of the above.


So she turned on her location. When she turned on her location and he found out about it. He threatened to kill her. He told her to do not to not ever do that again, allegedly. And she alleges that Shannon Strep said, I'll kill you if you do that again right now. She then says specifically this incident is what led to him raping her. And this was, yeah, so this was one of the times that he had violently raped her. This happened back in January of 2025, according to these documents in which she's alleging, which is very recent. Now, his legal team is strongly denying all of this. They're calling it fraudulent. They're saying it's a blackmail temp.


His attorney said that they're ready to fight it in court. He also, Shannon Sharpe and, and his attorneys in his statement, they put text messages into the statement, not the actual screenshots, but they word for word tell us some of the text messages to show kind of like a, not even kind of to show a consensual relationship between the two. There's conversations about, you know, her wanting him to put a big black baby inside of him, which is low key problematic. 'cause this is woman white because the way she keeps saying Big black baby, I feel like this is a white woman. And I don't know if that turns some people on, but it was pissing me off like, why the baby gotta be big and black. I know Shannon Sharpe is big and black, but it's like, all right, like you're birthing a baby, not an animal. Okay, sis, relax.


But I'm not here to argue about whether I think race because people do that race baiting thing sexually and it turns some people on when they interracially date none of my business. That's not even what we here to talk about. Let's get back to what we here to talk about Emini here. So Shannon Sharpe is a legend, like, you know, she would send things like that. She would text him about, you know, other sexual encounters and different things that she wanted to go down and, and things that she was open to. There was money conversation at one point in time where she talked about, you know, $25,000 for both butt cheeks. Conversations get crazy. But importantly, he mentions that there was a point in time where there was a video that is being brought up from her attorneys.


And this video allegedly shows a non-consensual sexual act between Shannon Sharpe and this woman right now, the woman, she's alleging that he would record her and that she caught him doing it, even though he would try to be low key with it, but she was scared to say something, say about it just because, you know, in the moment she didn't wanna ruin the moment. Also too, at this point, he had already kind of gotten upset with her and gotten, you know, like she was scared. But Shannon Sharpe is saying, yo, there's this video that we've been shown, but the video was fully consensual. But the way that it has been edited is it, it, it, it doesn't read consensual and, and it is edited like that on purpose. So he's saying that he allegedly asked her attorneys for this fully unedited video and that they couldn't produce it.


And because of that, he feels like all of this and everything that she was doing and in the video and all that stuff is going to be used to blackmail him. When I mentioned that 50 million dollars earlier, I wanted to tell you guys how that was broken down. So this woman is saying that, you know, she suffered a lot because of this. So, so she wants 10 million dollars in general damages. She wants 10 million dollars in special damages, she wants 20 million dollars in punitive damages and she wants 10 million dollars in statutory penalties. It was all good. About a week ago, Shannon Shutt was being celebrated and the conversations were happening about the fact that allegedly he's in conversation right now for podcast deals over a hundred million dollars.


Now you got the, that's half the hundred meal. I want y'all to know I did reach out to Attorney Busby And I did ask some of the hard questions like, Hey, look, people aren't believing this, the, the public opinion is not in your favor in this. Here's what's being said, but we'll talk about this in depth, more on The Breakfast Club. So if you're listening to this, make sure you go also check out my coverage of this on The Breakfast Club, when you will exclusively hear Tony Busby's response to those questions that I asked. You can also find that on my social media as well. Moving on on Tracy Ellis Ross, y'all, Tracy Ellis Ross sat down with Michelle Obama and her brother Craig Robinson on her, in My Opinion podcast, and she talked about so many different things. She got really candid about just being a woman who is 52 years old, who does not have a husband or a partner that we know of.


And you know, she's okay with that. No kids, no husband, no, no. You know what, Emini here and she's figuring out her life. So she talked about a bunch of different things. She talked about the fact that she only dates younger men because they're more open to different things. And people took that outta context. Please go watch the interview. But one of the things she talked about was, you know, the, are you okay with me standing alone? Basically what Tracy Ellis Ross is talking about in this interview is the fact that as a woman of her stature at her age, men her age have this ego about them. And they also come from a time of like very traditional, like the woman has this traditional like, role in the household, household role in the relationship.


Just this, this, these things that you can't break down. Younger men, she feels like are more open to different things because they've come up in a different time. Now, I don't, the younger men she's talking about would be like probably men my age, if not a little bit older than me. So for me it's like I, I understand what she's saying, but I feel like it depends on how a man is raised Emini here. Men my age, men not too older than me, that do still feel like a woman like me who is very opinionated, who doesn't wanna just sit at home and have babies and don't have a career. I'm going nowhere in life. Like I am thinking about life completely wrong.


And she says that too. She says that, you know, a lot of it is about how you're raised, what you come from, what you've been through, but of course they don't add that clip in. I think it sets the tone and, and it summarizes what the conversation is. It's like, here's who I'm coming to the table as. Can you accept this? And y'all, when I say like in dating, y'all know that I've been trying to figure out this whole like, dating thing and like at one point I used to feel like with my job and with what I'm doing, that is always going to be hard. It's always gonna be hard for me to find somebody that allows my star to shine, that supports my stars shining that, that just feels like and understands that sometimes it's not even my fault. The way that people receive me is not even my fault. It's just a thing that happens. And when you're a woman and you're an attractive woman, you, a lot of times when you get with men, especially, you know, 'cause a lot of, you know, as a woman you want a man that can lead you, that you can sit back and kind of, you know what Emini here, passenger princess it up and all of that.


If you find a man that is able to do that, there are stipulations with that. You know what Emini here, you gotta watch what you say. You gotta watch where you at, you gotta watch you around it. There. It's just so much that comes with it. And these are the things that Tracy Ellis Ross is talking about. I think you can encounter them at any age, in any profession, but specifically when you're a woman of, you know, career stature, financial stature, you're in the public eye. It's like men can handle that like they want. It's like you're the shiny thing. Like they want it and they want to, they, they wanna prop you up on this pedestal and they, and they want you to sit there and they want it to shine and it looks great and it's such a great conversation and you know it, it's a notch on their belt.


But when it comes to really dealing with you and what comes with that and understanding that they not up for the challenge, they're not emotionally mature enough, they're not secure enough about themselves about what they have going on, and then that turns into other things. That turns into them having to deal with you and other women to low key, almost try and humble you and to make them feel good that that turns into them having to be a certain level of control, which is not healthy after a certain point. And, and it just gets real, real bad. And I always felt like, yo, there's no way that I'm gonna find a person who like understands all of this and is also like emotionally mature enough and all that to support it. It's gonna be like, you know, it's, I'm gonna have to pick or choose. I'm gonna have to find somebody who completely knows nothing about any of this and just be okay with the fact that like when I come home at night, they might not even understand what I'm talking about, but they just love me.


But they're so unfazed and they're so disconnected they don't feel intimidated because they not even paying attention to it anyway. Because if I get someone who understands it, who sees it, who knows it, or who is experiencing it for themselves, it's gonna be intimidating because I'm doing it and I'm doing it well. And, and you want that as a woman. You want somebody that can match your energy. Like, I want somebody that's doing well too, but I don't know. It, it always gives like a man wants someone that's doing good but not better than him. And even if not better than you. 'cause I'm okay with not doing better than my man. I'm okay with doing a little bit better than my man as long as my man can execute and get to where he's going. We good. Men are not really giving it up like that. Like it, it, it doesn't feel like that anyway.


It's always felt like that recently and and more recently in dating, it's always felt like you gonna have to settle a little bit sis. And I think settling now when you meet the right person and you're dealing with the right person isn't about settling for those things. I think settling in those areas where you have to either be with someone who's super insecure and dumb yourself down, or you have to be with someone who's like so much more successful than you that they look at you as less than. So they're like, they're okay. And then even as your star starts to rise, you gotta kind of try to slow it down because you can't surpass him. But when you find someone who is able to kind of be that middle point of the two where it's like they're really successful, they're doing really well for themselves, but also too, they're not intimidated by you.


They want your star to shine, they want you to be an equal partner. They know how to lead and are not intimidated. Like it changes the game. And I can tell by listening to Tracy Ellis Rossett, like, she's been trying, but she's, she's, she's kissing some frogs. Been there, done that since I feel for you, I do it, it is hell. Because you almost start to feel like it's not my fault that I'm like, what am I supposed to do bad for myself, bad all by myself forever? No one wants to be with them by themselves forever. I don't care what nobody says. Nobody does felt her in this conversation. A hundred percent. So please go listen to that conversation, y'all Now as we rap, I'm gonna take y'all outside to the streets. To the streets, to the streets because y'all know we gotta get into tweets.


You for the tweets. We outside, we outside, we outside Every other page. Our goal Now in wrapping all of this, because before we get on outta here, right? I don't even know what I like, what we would have learned today, but before we get to that point, I do wanna take y'all to Twitter because I think it's something is interesting is happening right now. And I wanna ask y'all a question. This is a unbiased question. So Lowriders listen up. When I tweeted the Shannon Sharpe lawsuit, it has almost 200,000 views. There's a lot of conversation happening around this. I wanna read to you guys three replies that sum up majority of the replies that I saw on my Twitter when I posted this.


So fly money said soon as they said he was getting a hundred million dollars, this comes out shaking my head. B Jaguar, Brendan Jaguar says they've heard about his new deal. This has to be a way to go. There has to be a way to go after these frauds. So this person is alleging that this woman who was accusing Shannon Sharpe of sexual assault is a fraud. T Jones says they heard he was nearing a deal worth a hundred s and how ironic this accusation appears asking for 50. I wanna ask you guys, do you guys think that because of the culture right now where you have 'cause and again, we don't know whether this woman accusing Shannon Sharpe of these allegations is telling the truth or not?


Nothing has been proven in court or anything like that yet removing it from this conversation, but using this conversation sparked this question I'm about to ask you guys. Do you guys still believe that? Believe all women, believe all women is right? I think we have finally come to a point where people are wanting to have this conversation, but men can't do it because it sounds like victim blaming women can't do it per se because when a woman is telling the truth, we do want to believe her. And I, And I will stand by that. Like if a woman is telling the truth about something, I I'm, I'm gonna believe her, right? But when she's not and it is damaging, it ruins someone's life.


So really, really, really real question for you guys. Lowriders, please make sure you tweet me about this. You Instagram, you talk about this on your Facebook and tag me at Lauren la Rosa, everywhere is believe all women still, right? Is that still culturally something that is right? Or do you feel like culture is shifting right now because of these, you know, lawsuits that have come out that have been dismissed where evidence has sh has shown that, you know, things in these cases weren't as as sturdy as, as they seem to be when the, you know, the, the headlines broke. I would love to hear how you have to, how, how you feel about this. You know, the consensus from what I'm feeling after tweeting this lawsuit, it's like, dang, like people came out instantly normally with these things, when I when I'm tweeting about these cases and I'm talking about them, it's divided.


You see people on both sides and, and they're debating and you know, people on both sides always have their points. And, And I listen to all points, but this time, this time around people were very quick to be like, hold up, wait. And I think, you know, of course a to attorney Tony Busby doesn't have the best reputation in the public eye right now because of, you know, the things that we're lacking thereof when it came to the Jay-Z allegations and, and that sexual assault allegation that I think that that plays a lot into it. But I wanna know how you feel. So let me know. I'm not gonna answer it. Tweet me at Lauren the Rose, I wanna hear from you. I'm Lauren the Rosa on Instagram as well. I wanna hear from you and Emini here.


Normally this is a time where we talk about what we learned from this episode, but it's been so much, I don't know, Patrick, you got takeaway today. I don't, I think it's just, you know, people are, people are really wanting to get down to the facts of, of the things. I'm Lauren la Rosa, this is the latest with Lauren LA at the end of the day, I always tell you guys, y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about all of these things, but you are right here with me and every single time you are. I truly appreciate it. I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, I'll see you guys in my next episode.