
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Little Scrappy was online yesterday and he was talking about parenting a little bit. And this is what he said. We gonna teach them babies how to be solid. But they dad, they mama the emotional person. Nah, You. know what I'm saying? You, it is very rare that you have a solid complete mom all the way around. Sometime the daddy too. But you got to tap in. Let the daddy do his thing, man them real good. Dadd. Watch your kids when they grow up. If they have a real good dad in their life or a fa good father figure in their life. Watch a kid when he grow up, guaranteed they gonna be doing something great in they life. They going to be, they gonna have a balance.


I'm telling you. So we're asking 805 85 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? You know those crappy said that You know moms are the ones that are emotional ones. And Dads. Teach. Their, Kids, How. To Be. Solid. What's your thoughts? Start with you Jess. I mean, I guess it depends on the situation. You know. 'cause you got some dads that ain't solid. You know you got moms who, who are and you got moms do both. That's not that You know. Yeah. That has to do. And then there are dads that do both too. You know. You know. So it just depends. I think he more so speaking like from his situation I guess, or what he's seen. But I agree with him. But it can also be the other way around as well. You know Charlemagne, One of the biggest lies ever told is that women are emotional and men are rational f outta here.


Okay? Men are just as emotional if not more. And You know, sometimes women can be rational, sometimes men can't. So You know that whole dynamic about You know, hey, you need the father in the life. 'cause the father's gonna teach the son to be solid and not be emotional. That's just not true. And You know what, what you gotta teach people how to do is deal with their emotions. Men need to learn how to deal with their emotions. Women need to learn how to deal with their emotions. That's how you teach your child how to deal with their emotions. Because it sounds like a lot of times men, we be telling, especially our sons to be emotionless and we don't want that, we don't wanna raise a generation of sociopaths. 'cause we've already done that. That's why so many of us are in therapy right now. Yeah. Dealing with our, dealing with so many different traumas.


So I don't like the, I've never liked the, the, the whole men are rational. Women are emotional thing because that's just not true. No, men are emotional as hell. Yeah. I I I don't I don't disagree with you when you say that, but, well, he's talking about as far as parenting are concerned. 'cause men are definitely just as emotional. Most men are just as emotional as women. But I, I I notice And, I recognize in when you parent your kids, women are usually more into the emotional side of a child than their father is. That's just what it is. I see it like even with, with me growing up when I had problems or there was anything that was affecting me, mostly I would go to my mom, right? Because my dad was more of the tougher skin. What it seemed. Same thing in my relationship with my wife. If my kids are having a problem when it comes to something emotional, they talk to their mom first.


Like, because mom is more understanding, she's more patient. She'll sit there throughout the whole thing. I see that with parenting though. Yeah. Yeah. But whose fault is that though? Like, like, it shouldn't be like that. Like they, your kid should feel be able to come to you about anything to Both. I mean, they do, but, but mom is, and this is the truth. Mom is easy to talk to. Mom is more patient. Mom is is You need to work on yourself. Yeah. Maybe A lot of people can't even recognize to do that though. You know. You know. I mean, but maybe That's You know. But it is, it is also, it is, as a man, you raised a certain way, right? So if your kid gets hurt, the first thing that usually thinks on a father's mind is not pick it up, you be all right. You be, and that's wrong. Shake it off because you don't want your kid to be out there in The World and have The World attack him and him not be able to, because The World is a very nasty and scary place. Right?


And you don't want your kid to be attacked out there in The World. So you teach a kid to, to be tough out there so that he doesn't think about suicide. He doesn't think about hurting himself. He doesn't let the comments of other people in social media hurt him and affect him. So as a father, you make sure that you try to make sure that your kid is strong enough to do that physically and emotionally. Yeah, but the comments hurt you. No, you don't hurt me. Oh my God. Hurt Me. Shut up. You mean the, oh, okay. Well, not you, the comments hurt. Most parents, the Comments do. So how so how, how so you're lying to your kids. Where you going? No, I mean, and all right, so for instance, my dad, all right. So going off of what, what he's saying and what you just said. So my dad, I wasn't, I was more emotional with my mom. My dad still, he was very tough with me about things like when I was, when I would, I would go fight And.


I would cry, I would lose a fight. And I would cry. He'd be like, no, go back out there till you whip her ass. Like that type of stuff. That same thing he did with my brother. That's tough love. Right? Now, my, my father, he didn't have his father. My grandmother, well my father kind of raised himself, but my, he, my, the only present parent was my grandmother. And my dad is solid, you feel me? So it's like I get what he's saying for his situation, but it's different. My dad ain't had my dad. Most solid nigga I know. And he ain't, he ain't never had no father. But, But And, I, And, I. Don't wanna raise my kids outta fear. Yeah. And not love. And that's something that I learned in, in therapy. That's how I feel like I was raised by my pops. And it wasn't because he didn't love me, it was because he didn't want me to make a lot of the same mistakes that he made. And he, to Envy's point, You know, he's like, oh, The, World is tough and You know The, World gonna be hard on you, this and that.


But you can still raise your kid with love and nurture and empathy and nurture them and they still be solid. You don't have to have them fear you. Tough And, I You. know what I mean? Not fear you or tell 'em you gotta be tough and you gotta be hard in order to survive. It's Like, see, I see. I kind of disagree on some of that, right? So for instance, right? I remember the first time my daughter Madison, who's 23, she cried over a boy, right? They got into a thing and she cried in front of him and she spoke to her mom and she came and spoke to me. And I was like, you don't ever cry in front of no nigga. Yeah, fuck that. Yeah. Excuse my French. But the reason I said that is because I felt like you give somebody the power. That's just me. The way I, but You've cried in front of your woman. We've been married for 30 years. It don't matter. I don, god, that's, you can't somebody not to express their emotions, But, but me and my wife are in a different relationship.


A lot of times men will use the fact that you are crying and you are hurt against you. We've seen it a million more times. Or Maybe you just like that person, Me and my wife, we've been together 30 years. Like it's, it's, it's a lot different. Or Maybe you just like a person. And at that point he had to cry. So he was about to leave. It's true, true. Listen, you, you was butt necked running out the psych ward. You was in the club DJing with the freaking nurse gown on. I was not. And your ass out hell because of what you was going through. But you gonna tell your daughter that she can't be a, she can't have emotions. But that was my wife and this and this was somebody that was a new relationship. It is Totally different. I, no, not really. It's yes, it is totally different. I tell you why it's not different. It's not because humans are humans. Yeah, we are. And it don't matter what the relationship is. If you feel something for a person that's going to come out, like, I think one of the worst things we do to people is tell them to suppress their emotions.


I I I really do. Like, I don't not, I don't let people, it's a nasty place. One of the first things your therapist gonna tell you is feel your feels. This world's a nasty place. And I just wanna protect my kids from all of it. But let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? This your boy man from Charleston, man. Hey, what's Up? Four three of what's happening? Right? I tell him, man. So listen, I, I agree with Scrappy, but Dan, I disagree with him at the same time, right? Because I've been raised in a single parent household just by my mama. And my mama really ain't never displaying no emotion. You feel what I saying? She just bus her ass to provide and You know. So that right there was, she just instilling me. So I just got a real random mentality.


But I did learn what not to do from my old man being absent. You feel what I'm saying? So it just kind of You know. I, I agree. And I, agree and disagree with him. Alright, Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? This is Devon from Detroit. Devon, what up? Dope. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good morning. Good morning, envy. Good morning, Charlamagne. Good morning, Jess. Good morning. Peace. Peace. Peace. I feel like fatherhood is very important. I'm a single father myself. And just the lessons that I have to teach my daughter on a daily about conflict resolution and not the panic. You know she wouldn't have that because of that emotional side from her mom.


It's just act once that emotion is up, they just act without reason. And I'm trying to get her outta that. Now she's 10. That's just not, I just, that's just not true. And I don't know why men act like we don't do the exact same thing depending on what is pushing us in that moment. Handle though. No, we not What he said we, we not men resort to violence way more than women do. Well we can't, we under much more scrutiny. It's a, it's a much more punishment for if we lose our control than if they do. I I don't, it depends, depends, depends on how you lose your control. I'm just saying. I don't, I don't like when we act like human beings don't have emotions. Because that's what it sounds like. Men are emotionless and women have all the emotion.


That's just not true. No, I I That that is not true at all. I I don't think he was saying that. I think he was saying in parenting, I think usually women are more emotional when it comes to a relationship, meaning of parenting. Because they tend to their kids' feelings more. They have more patience. And, I think dads are a little different. I just don't have the patience When you say, I really I don. I just don't have that Patience. So when your daughter comes to you and she's crying over a boy and you say f that you don't cry. When is, isn't that you showing emotion? Yes. Yeah. You showed the emotion. Yes. You're, you're super, but I'm, But I'm also trying to tell her how to protect her heart. Just like when my, when I'm, when my female friends come and talk about their man and they tell me the things that's going on, I tell 'em from a different angle. I tell 'em from an angle of I've been there man.


Or my friends have been there. And I. Tell 'em what it is. It's not I Do you tell 'em how do you tell 'em how your friends was trash? Yes. And they that they needed to do a lot of work on theyself. Absolutely. So nine times outta 10, it's, it's not them. It's you. It was Did you tell 'em that? It's not her. It was them. Yeah. Yeah. It's not her. It Was you. Absolutely. Oh, okay. Now, now if they don't, they don't. And half the time they don't wanna listen. But I tell 'em all, all my friends like, yo, they trash. Like this is not the way to go. But most men are because You know what whatever. But that's open phone and that's some my stuff. Huh? That's some Whole stuff. I'm be honest with you. That's like you, that's like you suing U mg. I'm be honest with you, that's that's what that feel like You know what I mean? But I'm, but you're right. I'm not mad at You. Know what I mean? Well that's another conversation for another day. But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Let's discuss with Scrappy. This is what he said. Let's listen. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club. We're taking your calls. 8 5 8 5 1. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Ronnie. Hey mama. How you this morning? I'm feeling well. Thank you. Can you hear me okay? We can hear you clearly. What's your thoughts mama? Okay. I am a Covid widow. I spoke to you guys last year when my son called in about Chance the rapper and making smacking bombies. I, I agree. I think it makes sense on the surface level, but when you go deeper, I can testify to the fact that it's not necessarily true.


I was orphan at nine And I am now a Covid widow and a solo parent. And I think that connection when you're raising children. I think connections to both parents are necessary. However, you have a large segment of this population due to Covid and many other diseases who are being raised as orphan or parents who are on their own with the deceased parent that's not there. To lend the other hand. And I think what matters the most is that people are healthy mentally, well, mentally healed whole spiritually. I think that it's important to look for churches and community organizations.


My church, cornerstone Baptist Church has been instrumental in our healing. My family has been a part of introducing four buildings to New York State legislation. One of them is named after my late husband. If, if you search Fairness for Fallen Frontline workers, we're also on NBC, New York Hidden Pandemic. We're also CNN orphaned by Covid. My sons are empowered to talk about the emotional aspect of their journey and what it means to have lost their father at an early age. But they also have learned how to give that pain and passion purpose by helping other people.


And it's because of the positive aspect of both their father and their mother. Okay. Well thank you mama and appreciate the work that you're putting in. Nice. I thank you and thank you Jess for I spoke to you. I was right in the middle during your Just with the mess segment at the podcast festival. Oh yes. When I asked you for dating advice about what those things you said, I was beautiful. I was so honored. Thank you so Much. Oh, you're welcome. I remember, I remember. Yes. And Thank you. And thank you Charlemagne for giving us tickets the first time last year. We'll be doing it again. We'll be doing it again next year in April, the Black Effect Podcast Festival. So, we'll, Well, when's they go on sale?


Because I need to do the meet and greet and this time all the kids are coming. I gotta talk to Dolly about that. But I soon, as soon as soon as we find out, we'll let You know. Thank you mama. And she's absolutely right. We need, you need both man. Like you, you need the perfect balance of man and woman. I just don't like when we act like one is emotional and one isn't. Yeah. Like I know too many emotional men. Hello. Who is I work one. I'm emotional. I'm You an emotional man. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. Good morning. Okay. So my thoughts are women and men both bring an equal element to a relationship. Women bring the nurturing and men bring discipline.


You can't, women aren't really that good with discipline and men aren't that good with nurturing. Which is why both, both elements are needed. I think we forget that women represent this. We are different and there's nothing wrong with our differences and we need each other. That's why You know. So that's what I think. I just think that he has a a a point, but not in the sense that women are emotional. It's women. You're right. Don't have that. Emotional was the wrong word. Nurturing was a word he should've used. But men can be nurturing too. Women are Nurturing. Men can be nurturing too. Not na, maybe not as naturally as women, but men can be too.


Yep. If they You know if they go out there and do the proper work on themselves. And I will say this discipline is very hard with kids. Especially if you was raised in the 19 hundreds like we were. 'cause you just be wanting to beat em. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because that's how we was raised. But you can't I know I can. I don't hit my daughters. I refuse. I I I, my oldest is 16, so when I didn't know no better, I spanked it when she was young and it just felt stupid to do. Yeah. You know what I mean? But we grew up, you gotta go pick your own switch. I was getting beat with extension cord and made to go take a bath that far now like anything that's abuse, bro. Sure, of course it was. But we didn't know that when we was young and they didn't know that. They Didn't know parents. That's how they was raised. So, So it's like now you be telling your kids, Hey, I'm gonna take such and such a way. And they'd be like, so, and all you could say is, boy, if you was raised in the nineties, I'm got your ass.


I tell my second child that all the time. If you was raised in the nineties, You know what would happen to you. What'd she say? I would call the cops on you. She's like, what is the nineties? Hey yo. See I, I show Ash the nineties all the time. I don't, that's different for y'all. I box that little boy up. Hello? Who's this? Hello. Good morning This Erica. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Erica? Okay, so I don't think it's that way either. I think it's, I think it could be a mix of, I agree with, with that because it's like I have four kids and my kid's father was an emotional part. I was more so just like, I care for my kids.


Like I do the, the, the basic. He was my, my kids are daddy's girl. Both my girls are daddy's girl and then his stepfather's, one of my kids. And my son would rather go to him over me now, now that they got older, they want me more than they want him. But it, I think it's a, it's like both, it depends on both parties. Okay. Well thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Chris. Chris, good morning. What's your thoughts? New Jersey. Hey, what's up bro? Turn your radio down. Hey, I'm on the radio. Turn your radio down. Alright, What's your thought, Chris? There we Go. Yeah. So I like what you're talking about, but at the same time you're correct.


100% You know we grow up as men trying to suppress our feelings and emotions and everything. But our children nowadays, like you look at all the suicide rates and everything that's going on with the substance abuse and everything around the whole world. You know, suppressing our feelings is what is what got us in this situation. Us being more open and understanding is definitely what we need to do. That's right. We need to express our feelings and emotions, especially to women as well. Women You know they like a guy that can be open. You know that's how you, that's how you have a longevity. That's Right. Okay. Well thank you Chris. Yeah, no problem. All Right brother. All right. Well what's the moral of the story guys?


I mean, the moral of the story is I think that we need to stop with these, these these stupid stereotypes. We need to stop profiling. Stop saying You know men aren't nurturing and men don't know how to deal with emotions. And women do know how to deal with emotions. Here's the thing, my brothers, if you don't know how to deal with emotions, go learn how to deal with 'em. You. know what I mean? Yeah. Take your ass to therapy. You, I'm not I don I don't be out here telling brothers they're investing their mental wealth for no reason. These are the reasons that I push those conversations. And, I, push those narratives. Go out there and learn how to deal with your emotions. So you can not only be more nurturing You know for yourself. You can be more nurturing to your spouse. You can be more nurturing to your kids. Like I think, I think, I think if you got a problem You know, dealing with your emotions, then you need to go fix that.


That's right. And, I think everything is is perfect with, with balance in a relationship. Right. I think you need balance, And, I. And I'm seeing if now you have a a, a young little baby and how, how, how are you and Chris gonna raise that little baby? Oh my gosh. Balance. Balance. Okay. Because he is not a disciplinarian at all. You know what I mean? I am He's A hard worker though. Both of y'all are very Hard workers. Yeah, very much. Yeah. So I mean I I we got this, but he's definitely the opposite. Like You know he and that's His baby girl. Y'all got a Girl. Ain't no discipline girl. Discip guy. It is hard. No. Yeah, yeah. It's crazy. He gonna be a sucker for his baby. Real bad. Like we all are our little baby girls. All right, now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Hold on, let me see.


Oh, My boss Rena. Right? Serena Williams explained why she looked how she looked the other day. Alright, thank you. That's what she said. She said because they said she was bleaching the skin. We'll, we'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your peoples laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms in con.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four.