
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


All right, so Serena Williams last week, she went viral for a video that she posted with her husband while she was looking crazy. You know her skin tone was noticeably lighter. And this is the photo on the right is what it looked like. They're accusing her of bleaching like they've been accusing me of bleaching for years. Yeah, they, they definitely, well, you do be getting a little light. It'd be like you, you, you up and then you down. 'cause sometimes you look like you need concealer. Sometimes you look like you already got it. You know. But it's, sorry. It's sorry. You still a beautiful man. Well, thank you Justin. After the backlash, she went to live to address the haters while she was doing her makeup and said that she, she was posting while she was in the sun at her, after her daughter's play, she volunteered to be in the stage.


Basically. She said it was stage makeup. But we got the audio Haters out there. I do not bleach my skin. There is a thing called sunlight. And in that sunlight you get different colors. And if I'm not posting and re correcting my pictures and posting from my daughter's play that I was volunteering on and had stage makeup on. Yes. I'm calling you out on this because it is ridiculous that everyone's like, oh, she bleachers get I'm a a dark black woman. And, I love who I am. And I love how I look. And that's just not my thing. And if people do it, that's their thing. And they have every opportunity and they should. I don't judge. Yeah. Well we know people have been dragging her for years saying the same thing that she's been accused of.


I mean that she's been bleaching. This was one back in June that she took. She was, That's just a flash, right? Yeah. Huh? Outside. Oh, okay. I If somebody took a picture, You know what I'm saying? That's the pictures. That's No, that's her. That's selfie ain. Even flash on the front of the phone. So is it the makeup? I? Don't freaking know man. It could be the makeup. Yeah, it is makeup. She said she's not bleaching. So it, it could be the makeup. She, but she just needs to get her shade. This is another one. Mm. So yeah, I'm showing them the picture, y'all. But yeah. So what, what Do you, what do you think you the woman in here? I just think that she, I, if she says she's not bleaching, we have to believe her. We have to take her word for it or we don't. But I just think that here I don't think she's bleaching.


I think she just doesn't Have the right color. She her. Yeah. She meets the dude conceal a complexion conceal. Like she, you guys, she gotta go to like Mac or one of them and get them to find her. Her pink beauty Has a shade finder on line shade. What's your shade? Charmagne. Maybe she Don't use. Watch this. Watch this. Jess, what's your shade? Charlamagne? I used to know I don't know anymore. What my, he lied. He Don Estee Lau or Rich Coco? No, it's 5 7 9. No, whatever. What is six W one? I don't remember. I used to know. No you didn't. I did. Used to know at one point I Did. Okay, well whatever. That's, that's what that is. All right. Rolling Stone's. Top 100 albums of 2024.


So I think you was just going over this. Beyonce came in number two with Cowboy Carter. Tyler got on here. Future Metro, Bowman, DOCI, Tyler creator, Kendrick Lamar. Gloria, well Gorilla, but Gloria Hallelujah. And Tim's Lotto. CashCo bang sha boozy. Shout out to my guy. Schoolboy Q, sexy Red, And, I Spice. There's some other people on there, but those are the most important people to me. I don't have a problem with this list. I don't. So what is it? You said top a hundred albums of the year. Top 100 albums. I ain't listening to a hundred albums and shit. God damn. Yeah, it's not, it's not in order. They're just saying it's the top hundred. It's not in order though. Right? Yeah. That was in order. So Beyonce, Beyonce was in number two.


Tyler came in number six. Tyler, not Tyler, to created Tyler and The Future. Metro Bowman came in number seven. Mine would be Gloria. Yeah, because Gloria Gloria, She was number 25. Yeah. Yes. Glorious album. That would be one. Gloria Kendrick Lama Kendrick isn't number 21. Yeah. Yeah. That would be one. Who else You listen? Tyler the creator. Tyler Creator album. He's number 17. I ain't Get to Tyler yet. Oh. Doce album. Doce Alligator Bite. Never Hill. That would be in mine as Well. But she was number nine. Rapp Rhapsody not on there, is she? She'd be on mine. Rty is not. Nope. But Vince, Vince Staples is, Vince would be on mine. Absolutely. They keep telling me Wizz Kid album is dope too. I didn't hear Wizz Kid. It just came out recently. They said, they said Wizz Kid album is dope.


Okay. I Common and Pete Rock. I know that's, oh, absolutely. That's peoples, that's number 98. So that's what's up. Okay. And L Lo Cool J he released an album this year called The Force. The album wasn't on the list. Ironically, he just did an interview on Apple Music talking about people giving him the recognition he deserves. One day, I'm Gonna say this with humbly, but I I really mean this. I think one day people are gonna wake up and realize that LL Cool j is the most important rapper that ever existed. I truly believe one day people are gonna say that. They're gonna look and they're gonna say, wow, when it comes to the jewelry, this is the guy who introduced all the Diamond and the ice and the champagne. They're gonna say when it comes to the love songs, this is the guy who introduces the love songs and all the love shit when it comes to the Bad Boy vibe.


They gonna realize, oh, this is the guy who in introduced all the rebellious bad boy vibes before it was, was done. When it comes to the goat terminology, they gonna say, yo, this is the guy who came up with the goat stuff. They gonna say when it comes to Def Jam. Wow. This is the first artist that was on Def Jam. Yeah. When it comes to the solo artist gonna say, wow, this is the first solo artist to take it all the way around The World. Like, I could go on and on and on and on and on. He's Drop your talk, drop on the cool bombs for LL Fool. He's absolutely Positively. Right? He's not wrong In no way, shape or form. He is the first rap solo superstar. Yes. He knows who he is. Clearly he knows. 'cause he said he's one of the most, well he said he's the most important rapper to the Industry.


Whatever the modern day aesthetic is for Rap Superstar. LL Cool J was that in the eighties, One of the first going to do acting and all that. Like he's one, he One of the He's not lying. Yeah, he is. And, and, and You know it's sad if he don't tell his story, nobody will. Yep. That's why it's beautiful that You know we got so many legends that are still alive to be able to tell they stories. That's right. Because if he don't say that, it's not gonna be said. Right. And you gotta put things in people's heads nowadays. Yep. That's right. Because he, I I, he's not wrong. And That's why I said You know when he was up here, I would love to see a ll documentary, a movie talking about his life, how he came up and, and how he changed the game and all the things that he made and the moves that he made and all That stuff. He is hip hop's first rap superstar. He is. That's just a fact.


Y'all are right. And I don't have any more arguments about that. It's just with a mess. Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who you giving that down two For after the hour? We need President Joe Biden to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with him. And then we gonna go to Breakfast Club Court. Man. Yo, well, You know what's crazy. Biden probably be like, thank you to that good brother Charlamagne For giving me the donkey other the day. He don't even know. Thank you so much. He don't even know. He don't even know. Just like what he put on that Trump hat. He don't know. Thank you. Thank you Charlamagne for giving me donkey of day. He loves me. Yeah, he loves me. That's showing love. That's how black people show love. That's right. All right, we'll get to it. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops game and screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these. The slide slip hoodies. I, I don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also send me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He's like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.