
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the woman of all podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the Black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast.


I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, You Got Exclusive. You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in. Hi. All right guys. Welcome back. Welcome back. Welcome back to the podcast. Welcome on back. I'm Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren La and today we got a couple things to talk about. So I started off this podcast with talking to y'all about how it's just been so crazy for me to be the news versus the news I'm reaching out to create. And I wasn't, I I, I didn't feel like there was a need to, to not address 'cause it's not, it's not a negative situation.


But I didn't feel like there was a need for me to bring the interview that I did with Carlos King here on the podcast. I don dunno why I felt like that though, because I've been getting, when I tell y'all, first of all, I wanna say shout out to Carlos King. Carlos King reached out to me a a a while ago and just was like, you know, I really love what you're doing. I like how you moving? Just wanted to say hello. After I had met him at Angel, he was at Angelie's show and I'm a, I'm a fan of Carlos King's. He was at Angelie's show And I just was like, I wanna go say hi to him. So I went and said, Hey. And then he was like, no, I'm a fan of yours. And I was like, child, what a fan of who not Carlos King brought Nene Leaks to Real Housewives of Atlanta, og Caster of Real Housewives of Atlanta, Carlos King.


I'm like, fan of who, what. But after that, he had reached out to me and was just like, yo, whatever you need, let me know. And I'm like, oh, that is so sweet. So when, when he reached out to do the interview, 'cause I'm not gonna lie to y'all, I was like, all right, I wanna do some interviews and promote the podcast and, you know, all those things, but I don't wanna keep rehashing the same conversation. Everybody's gonna wanna talk about the live and The Breakfast Club stuff and blah, blah, blah, blah. But I was like, Emini here. I can't not like, like I, I can't not do what I gotta do for this show because of that. And how dare me not wanna do press because hard questions is gonna be asked. So I had a, I had a real talk with myself And I was like, self and myself was like, yes.


And I was like, girl, go and do what you need to do, do for that podcast to, you know, continue to build a brand. People need to get to know you. They do, they have to get to know you. So I was like, as of today, the interview has been out two days now. Has it been two days? Maybe three. Oh, Patrick is here, y'all And I made him mic up today. But yeah, it's, it's been, you know, we said what two days? What did, what did you say? Two days? Two days. Two days. It's been two days since the Carlos King interview released. I've gotten so much good feedback from that interview. Even the feedback that wasn't good, I don't even care. Like I've learned to deal with all of the, the old aunties who were upset, the people in the Instagram comments who don't know me from a campaign, who are, who are upset.


I've slowly been learning to deal with all of that and like blocking it out. And sometimes I think certain things can be, not all noise is bad noise. I'm gonna Just say that. And Carlos is cool. You know what, Emini here, we, we not the best of friends, but from the interactions we've had, Carlos has been really sweet to me. So I wasn't expecting him to like, you know what, Emini here, rah rah at all. But in real Carlos King fashion, I knew he was gonna get to the bottom of the things that he wanted to know. And I felt really, really good about the interview. After I was done, my anxiety kicked in while waiting for it to release, because we did it I think like three May.


Yeah, maybe like three days before you guys saw it before it hit. And then I got the tag on the collaborative post for the Real, for the video he posted. And I'm like, dang this what the, this what this what the other people on the other side be feeling like when, when we do them, when I'm doing the interviews, when me Breakfast club, all of us, we doing the interviews and 'cause we don't, it's not like you're allowed to see the interviews before they go live. Like that is just not a thing. That just doesn't happen. This is what they be feeling like, Lauren. So it was a good lesson for me of like, okay, now that you understand how people on the other side of this field, because you're on the other side of it, people are talking about you. People do wanna know certain things. You know what Emini here, like take that, take, take heed for when you doing those interviews and you, you know what I'm saying?


Like, I'm still gonna ask the questions. But I do think that this whole experience is making me like such a, like I'm seeing the full vision of like my subject almost. Because I am a journalist. I do interview celebrities and talk to people on trending topics and things of that nature as y'all know. But I've never been on the other side of it. I've never been the topic. 'cause I've always worked for platforms like A TMZ where the brand is the name that people know, not you. So yeah, I, I was nervous, but I think it was a good interview. Patrick, what'd you think about it? What did you think about it in person? It Was good. It was really good and it was honest. Yeah. You kinda can't hide anything when everything's out there on the internet anyway.


But yeah, I was, I was, I felt good about it. One of the things though that I knew when I saw it, when he put that part where I said I bullied my way into The Breakfast Club guest, guest post position, I said, Lord, the just bots are about to be in my comments blowing me up. And if you watch in full context, you will understand exactly what I meant by what Emini here. By that, one of the things that I really did enjoy about that interview though, and the reception that it got, you know, from people as people are coming to me and calling me and texting me and DMing me about it, mad people, I don't know, like people I've never met a day in my life. A lot of people are like, yo, it's just inspiring to see somebody really build from the ground up and have that mentality of like, yo, there's gonna be integrity in this.


I'm gonna have morals in this, but by any means necessary, my life depends on it. And I said that in the interview, but I think that it really inspired people who, like I had so many people hit me up like, yo, I wanna bet on myself so bad. And I've been trying to figure out when and how and all these things. And I watched this interview and it was the answer. It was, it was what I needed to hear and see to feel inspired and motivated. And that made me feel really good too because I think a lot of times when you in it, like y'all, when I first moved back from LA And I was trying to figure everything out and I'm sitting in my apartment that I moved into with no study income, I'm just taking production gigs as I could get them. You know, I kind of was like, man, what am I gonna do?


Rent ain't stopping because ESPN just let me go as a writer. That happened. I moved into an apartment, I thought I had these, you know, these checks lined up and then gigs just started like, yeah, we gonna go another direction. I'm like, wait, what? Hold up, hold on, wait, because I'm gonna pay this rent and New York, New Jersey rent ain't cheap y'all. But it worked itself out. And in those moments, I feel like that's when I really, really, really, really had to be like, all right bro, so you really trying to do this or what? Because if you are not really trying to do this, you have an amazing resume. You've worked with amazing companies.


You've done, not even just journalism wise, but I have a degree in marketing. You could go get, like, there's a lot you could do sis. And I was like, Nope, head down, I'm gonna do it. That's when I knew like, oh baby, me and this whole journalism build the brand of Lauren la thing, we go together real, real bad. Okay, because I'm going through the mud about you, period. So make sure you guys go take a look at that interview and let me know what you guys think. Again, shout out to Carlos. Hey mama, I'm not my girl. Hold on. What you say mama? How far are you from that? Where that thing, that thing crashed. I'm, if I wanted to get there in the car right now, probably like what, 10 minutes away?


Yeah, 10 minutes away. Yeah, it's, it's right up the street. Sorry. Don't go near there. I'm not, I am gonna go home. It's sad though, what happened, right? Yes. And, And I just, I'm glad you don't have to ride no plane. None. Strange things are happening toward the ending of The World. God is trying to prove something, trying to let full fulfill what he's wr written in the Bible. Whatever. All this happening now is written in the Bible. It just takes a person to explain it all. Yeah, Yeah. Well, no, I'm not wandering down. I'm not on any planes today, but I'm, I'm recording the podcast so I gotta I gotta call you back as soon as I'm done. I know.


I I was supposed to call you back yesterday. That's All right. Long. You, you all right. Call me when you get Home. Okay? Alright. All righty. All right. Love you Byebye. My mama and my grandma are so happy. Number one that I'm closer to home. Number two, she said, I'm glad you're not in the air no more. I just told y'all like I have a very extensive resume. I used to be a flight attendant for Delta and it would freak my mom and my grandmother out whenever they were here with plane crash. They would instantly call me, text me anything they could do. And they still, as you, as you guys just saw, they still do it. So again, like me, like the men, the sacrifices I took for this, we go together real bad and, And I don't care what nobody got to say about nothing anywhere at all. Baby, listen, we gonna figure, we gonna figure this thing out.


This this gonna work, okay? This gonna be an Emmy nominated show. Okay? Mark my words, kinks, bugs and all. Now let's go on over to the next topic. Next topic. So, KLO Kardashian, anytime K Chloe decides that she is going to talk about her love life whatsoever, it goes insane because we've publicly seen her just, just make some very like dumb love struck decisions behind Tristan. We also have seen her be super supportive and ride or die. Oh, ride or die is probably not the best word for Lamar 'cause he almost did die.


But y'all know what Emini here, she sticks by her men regardless of what they're going through, what they're putting her through and what is happening. So the headline read that Chloe, that k Chloe Kardashian is finally tired of being a doormat for the men in her life, including Lamar Odom and Tristan Thompson. And I said, oh baby, let me read this because ain't no way my good sister's done. She decided to have a whole nother baby with Tristan after all of that motor boating them women, Jordan Woods. Ain't no way she done. Now. And and if so, what was the miraculous discovery that she didn't realize a long time ago?


And don't get me wrong, like this is not me bashing her. This is me being very honest. 'cause I've been the dumb girlfriend. I if, again, back to the Carlos King interview, if you go take a listen to that Carlos King interview, we talk about the relationship that I came out of the 10, 11 year relationship. I came out, I've been through a lot. Okay? Babies were had baby a baby was had, you know, there was cheating, but I cheat back. So, you know, you know how that go. All of that. Like, I've been through things And I think it's, it's common for women to have to, you gotta go through it to learn versus being able to just walk away when somebody cheats versus being able to be like, you know, I'm good when you're being mistreated, even if it's not cheating.


She was having a conversation with Kylie and Kendall and they were talking about the way that she treated Lamar Odom when Lamar Odom came to pick up some of his stuff that had been left at one of their houses. And if you guys don't know, if you did not see that episode, if you didn't read it, recap or anything, what happened was is when Lamar came over, he was still kind of on some like, yo, you were the one of the best women in my life. I should have treated you better. Like, if Chloe had said, okay, come on, I'm gonna give you another chance right then and there. Oh baby Lamar would've been all down and forward, okay? But Chloe was heavily not on that. The stiff arm was real. So then they basically say to her, Kendall and Kylie say to her, look, we understand that you feel how you feel, but you should learn to forgive these men.


They were talking about Lamar Oldham and Tristan. They said, you know, you have kids with Tristan. You, you, so you kind of have to, y'all have kids together and you and Lamar, it's like, Hey, what happened happened? You gotta move on and forgive for yourself. Because it was obvious that she was still a little, you know, bothered and upset just by Lamar's presence. But I just think when you allow for something to happen for so long and you, you basically teach a person how to treat you and you teach them how to treat you wrong or allow for that to happen, I don't really think you can be mad at them for real. I think the anger is very misdirected. Where was, where's the self accountability and, and these men and the things that they have, you know, what Emini here, she, she's encountered with them. And I'm not talking about Lamar's addiction because I think addiction, in my opinion, I'm always gonna say that addiction is something that you can't control.


And the things that you do while you're addicted to these things, you know, a lot of times it's not you, it's the addiction and that doesn't make excuses for things. You know what Emini here, but I think that's just a different conversation than like a Tristan. But there obviously there's some addictions over there on Tristan's side too. It just doesn't have anything to do with, you know, drugs that you gotta put anywhere. It's drugs that you gotta stick a penis into that don't belong to Chloe. Then that, that's the T. But I think that there should be some self-accountability here. And I think that's always what's missing with Chloe. It's like, at what point do you be like, yeah, I set myself up for that and she's realizing it now, but it's like why? And I think that honestly too, that there's levels to like, you know, hurtful dark breakups in relationships, like removing yourself from it.


There's definitely levels to that. I remember for myself when I was going through the motions of like, okay, I know I wanna leave my relationship, but I know because I've allowed certain things or I've been not okay with certain things. Like I wasn't allowing things right in my face. I was, I was effing stuff up. Like I wish somebody like it was like a no, but there were things that were happening that I would be like, okay thing, you know, he's apologizing, moving forward and then they would happen again. It wasn't until probably like the latter of the relationship. So probably like the last three years of the relationship that I even felt secure and comfortable where I was like, no, things have really changed now and we're fine.


But by that point I was in such a deep phase of resentment And I was just trying to like not be there And I was, I just, I just wasn't happy. But I tried to push through, I tried to push through, I tried to push through, but I had to do that for myself. And that's what I'm saying by Chloe of like, it's like why now? Like I don't believe that Chloe has actually done that for herself yet. What I just talked about happened with myself. I don't believe she's done that. And the reason why I don't believe that she's done that is because she just had a baby with Tristan. I believe her son. How old is her son? Patrick two, born 2022. So yeah. So he is turning three or he is just turned three in July, turning three in July.


Yes. So that was just two years ago. And that's a lot of time, don't get me wrong, that is a lot of time. So maybe, you know what I'm saying? And I know in these episodes she's showing different things and they're doing different things and they were living in separate houses at one point and all that stuff, but I just don't know, she's completely really done the work. So a lot of times when she jumps out the window and makes these statements, it's like, girl, do you just want attention or something because duh. Like yes, no one should use you as a doormat. Duh. The episode where she was talking to Lamar was almost like she was mad at Lamar because he just came out of it and realized, yo, you were such a good woman to me because she fought for him. She fought literally for his life.


She alleged that like his dad wanted to pull the plug and she fought back against that and all this stuff. But it's like he's done. It took him some time to come around. You can't be upset that you stayed there during like, after all of this. You, you decided to stay around and do whatever you were doing while you weren't receiving the, the moment that you're getting right now. Same thing with Tristan. So I'm just, I Emini here. I would say I'm interested to see if you know what happens, what, what backpedaling happens after this revelation of her not wanting to be anybody's doormat again and if she is even really single. 'cause you just never know with Chloe, I don't think my girl's done with Tristan, number one.


I don't think she's done being a welcome to my apartment, welcome to my home, welcome to my mansion doormat number two and number three. I wouldn't be surprised if she literally, if she did move on, if she ended up back in the same situation. Because again, I don't think that she's just in a place where she's ready to take accountability for allowing certain things and that means she's gonna allow it again. Yeah. Woo. That, that story almost trigger me. Mm, y'all men be really men. Okay. Ah, y'all, this has been the latest with Lauren la as always.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everybody and everything and at the end of the day, y'all could be anywhere with anyone talking about these things, but y'all are right here with me so y'all know. I appreciate you guys. I'll see you guys in my next episode. I.