
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


45 years ago, a Virginia soul band called the Edge of Daybreak recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The edge of Daybreak, eyes of love, but supposed to have been followed up by another Apple. Listen to soul incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I refuse to deal with this beige rage and this Baltimore madness. Okay, now he bring this Delaware. You shut up. I ain't got no dreams. You shut up. Shut, shut up. All I want to do is radio. Okay. All charlamagne want to do is laugh. Then y'all yell at me for laughing. You don't take nothing serious. They said it's all your fault. I know. It's always my fault. I don't care. Okay. I think the good and the bad with everything, it is what it is. It's the world's most danger. This morning show The Breakfast Club DJ NV Charlamagne. The guy Jess, Hilarious. Lauren la is here. We're having a conversation. 'cause Jess Hilarious went crazy on Instagram last night. And I knew the live would upset, you know, you charlamagne, you don't get upset, whatever. But I knew that it would upset envy.


I knew it would upset Lauren. That's why you closed the elevator this morning. That's what, and that was crazy. Now what? Why would you do that, Lauren? I did. No, I, I, I, I just, fine. I wanted to, they pulled up at the same time, At the same time where we parked And she was in front of me. She saw Jess. She didn't know what Jess was on. So she rushed elevator to the elevator hitting the button. You remember when, you remember when Q was on juice and he thought Bishop was behind him? I Hit the button one time and, and this, this was why I heard the button though. It was like I Said, I felt like I didn't know what to say to you because I was so thrown off by the be by parts of that live yesterday. I'm like, bro, we be talking at least enough. Like we don't gotta be friends outside of here. But I feel like I've always said to you off air whenever things have happened, we've had conversations about a lot of different things.


We can, let's talk. Call me. What's up? What's, what's the issue? What's going on? The issue is the whole narrative. Like I understand after comments and yeah, after people and all that, but it's not all about them. It's how I'm feeling too. What if I'm feeling the same way the people feel. You know what I'm saying? So what? 'cause niggas don't line feel a certain way. I can't si I can't. I feel the same way they feel about it. Call me and curse me out. Call me and curse. Curse him out. I've done that. Yes you do. Like I've done that. You Know what Emini here. But I think there's a bigger issue sometimes too because I feel like, all right, you'll call him, you'll cuss him out. We might talk about different situations, but I think a lot of times if there's a issue for real, for real, and then it don't be no movement in here.


It's like there's an issue outside and then there's no movement in here. And then we just all in here. Like he, he hot. Like you're doing a lot of it right now. You laughing and joking, but for real, for real. You know that there's, she's up here crying. Nothing about that is funny. Like there's real issues and real problems and we don't really get to the gist of it ever. I want the record to show, I see Jess cry a lot, So it doesn't matter if you see her cry A thousand times. You all always Joke man about You. I'm not even talking to y'all. I'm not saying I'm not talking to y'all. See, because when I try to be serious and talk, you see what I'm saying? You should do me. I'm gonna mind my, What I'm saying is, is that I think at this moment, because this is east side, high, west side, whatever high we gonna be. We here and we together. So we gotta figure this out. And it, it's not, everything's not a joke.


And I can understand some of where you was coming from, but bro, part of that live I thought was crazy. I'm like, what Jess? Like what part, What parts did you think Was crazy? Yeah. What part? Because like one, it it is not like you didn't hear it. Anything in that live that I haven't said to You. I heard a lot that you didn't say to me in person. Okay, so what, what part have I not, did I not say to you? Okay, so the part about the, the talking over each other and the hush be quiet. 'cause you talk about how you feel in real time, right? Yeah. I'm feeling in real time. That be quiet. That was crazy. Is crazy. The the shut up. I was like, oh, okay, because what we really giving up here? Like, what's up? Okay, Right? But you, but, but I didn't, none of that was said. You didn't say Anything about that. And then, and then when I pulled you into the office with our ep, with Eddie, the conversa, the first thing I said to you was, Jess, we fighting for airtime.


And it shouldn't be like that. I wanna know what, what can I do better as a producer? What can we do better as the two women sitting right here next to each other to make sure that don't happen? Because it doesn't look good. It's not gonna play well for either one of us. I Literally, swear to God, I don't even remember you saying that. And that's exactly why I had Eddie in the room or Ep. I don had that conversation. I don ever heard that Because the, when You've pulled me to the side a few times to ask me, you know, are you okay? How do you feel like about the stories and things like that? You've never said what you just said to me. Now. Now listen, I I have said hush, shut up. Yo, you overtalk. And I, like I said, I'm not about to be up here fighting for no mic. Like I'm not doing that if I already got the job. Like what, what am I doing? Like I'm not, it is four voices.


So three of us are very opinionated. You know what Emini here, me, you and Charlamagne. I'm not saying Andy don't got no opinion, but he don't jump in every single time there's dead air. You know what I'm saying? When you, you overtalk and it's like the only time you can quiet down is somebody be like, shut up or hush My mind. Mom, don't even tell me. Shut up Jess. I'm a grown ass woman And I understand you. You could've Said That And I on air right then and there or right after you saying you pulled me in office. She never pulled me. Nobody told Me that. Because the way that I do things when it comes to my job and my career, that's not what we on. And I told you from the jump, I was never gonna give that to you. Okay? Ever. And I did. I did. I not, our first conversation, I said, if I ever have an issue with you, I'm gonna handle it in a way where we can get through a conversation because we grown. And regardless, you don't gotta love me.


You don't gotta like me. But we here together. I'm here. And listen, I, like I said earlier, the internet loves mess. Yes, you are. You are here. And one of the easiest ways to create, to pick women against each other. And you're here because of an opportunity that I extended regardless of like that's, yeah. No, no, no. I'm, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not sitting here like, you don't deserve to be here. I'm not sitting here like you're not here, you're not going anywhere. That's not, that's first and foremost. Let's get that. It may be my delivery or whatever, but yeah, you are here. I ain't never say you shouldn't be here. I I said from the whole jump. Yeah. Should do the job. Great. She's amazing. That's why I want it to be her segment Pushed for that. All, all I think, I think y'all can work very well together. And once again, you gotta stop letting the internet pitch y'all against each other.


I know that internet created narrative, Lauren versus Then that's what it is. It Beyond it go. And that's what I'm trying to say is the internet is there, we see it. We, no, none of us can ignore it. I saw that Corey thing two weeks ago, a week ago. It didn't say nothing about it. Y'all clip everything else. Don't nobody wanna clip. I don't like you or I, I'm, I'm hating on a They said, said, I don't no ppp. That's true. That's different Now. Come on. The Last time I attempted to do that, Jess, it went so bad that I said I wasn't gonna do it again. Attempted To do what? I don't dislike you. You don't dislike me. The day you came back, the day you came back. That's what my, and we talked about The way I, when I, when I did come back, Lauren, you have to admit that ish was crazy the way we, we had a setup.


We had something going, we we had a whole nother plan. It, it went left. You came here and it is like you did something totally different. And I feel, I feel Like first thing that you spoke to was, was the things in the comments. I Feel like we had a behind talking, behind scenes meeting on air, which is kind of cool. But we, I let's go to commercial or something and then come back. Well, the whole thing, the phone, we need a resolution bro. We'll, we'll take some phone Calls, but like, I'm, I'm resolution based and not argument based. So let's resolve this or Shut up. You are the number one be raised person. You ain't never came up with a resolution. I wild out solution I raised in your life. Come out. Well, I just wanna say it's women's History. My just Wanna let you know. I Just say, Jess, what you feeling? We feel it together. And when, when that the other thing happened that I called you about, I said that to you.


What Was the other thing? Oh, you don't wanna say this. The, The academics thing. Mm. And I want you to know I tweet, I respond To this, To, to me it's just lead. And I And I And I responded to that on Twitter. I didn't send it to you. I didn't feel like I had to, but I did, did got. But I called You about it, the comment, stop listening to the comments. Let me talk, let me, In real life, we love everybody. Y'all love each other. Can this can work. It Will work. It will work. What I'm no, because this is, you see what I'm saying? Don't lemme, I'm joking though. I'm joking. Making of the topic. And now it's the problem. 'cause we're talking about it. Exactly What I'm saying is, is that this will work, but sometimes this might have to happen and this happening with love because I, when Jess, when I saw Jess crying, I came in here because I care about, you have to be okay for all of this to be okay.


And I'm a producer at the end of the day, you my talent. We gonna, we gonna be straight everyth. Everything's gonna be Fine. Let's, let's take some calls and then we'll come right back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna talk, you wanna discuss. Of course. Lauren's here. Jess here. I'm here. Charlamagne's here. Let's have a conversation. We're Queer. All right. Yeah. Let's lot for you. Not much. Oh, good song, Brad. Finally, some production up here. Stop acting like this is a goddamn high school. Okay? That is the one thing Jess said. That's absolutely true. Y'all run this thing like a mother f in high school. You smoke crack. Don't you need me to be Joe Clark? I will be Joe Clark The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Somebody. Get him a batch check Out video of the full show on Tuby free classic interviews and more on Tuby every day, all day long, all for free. Just search Breakfast club and grab your popcorn.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here?


Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravel the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


45 years ago, a Virginia Soul band called the Edge of Daybreak, recorded their debut album behind bars. Record collectors consider it a masterpiece. The band's surviving members are long out of prison, but they say they have some unfinished business. The Air to daybreak eyes of love are supposed to been followed up by another Apple. Listen to Soul Incarcerated on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Reality TV and social media have love all wrong. So what really makes relationships last? On this episode of Dope Labs poet and relationship expert, young Pueblo breaks down the psychology of love, improvises, eyeopening insights and advice we all need. You should not be postponing your happiness. Your greatest happiness is not necessarily going to like come from a relationship. Your partner should add to your happiness, but your happiness is really coming from within you. Listen to Dope Labs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Have you ever wondered if your pet is lying to you? Why is my cat not here And I go in and she's eating my lunch? Or if hypnotism is real, you will use the suggestion in order to Enhance your cognitive Controls. But what's inside a black hole? Black holes could be a consequence of the way that we understand the universe. Well, we have answers for you in the new iHeart original podcast sign stuff. Join me or hitch him as we answer questions about animals, space, our brains, and our bodies. So give yourself permission to be a science geek and listen to science stuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.