
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipp it onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


And, I am Shanti. das, I'm moderating this incredible chat that we're about to have. Next up, we have an extraordinary young man with the great story who is doing some incredible stuff for the community. Now let's give it up for Grammy nominated recording artist, the baby. There You go. Make some noise for a seven. Oh, phone here. The baby in Here. Yes. And last but certainly not least, we have Mr. Elliot. Connie. He is a licensed psychotherapist. Give it up for Elliot. All right. All right. Y'all ready?


What's up? So my first question is gonna be you for you Daba. Yes Ma'am. Again, thank You for joining us. I appreciate you having me. Honor, thank you for being here, my brother, brother, beautiful space to be in. I appreciate y'all welcoming me with open arms. I appreciate all y'all for being here today too. That's right. So can you share with us what inspired you to start this mental health nonprofit in honor of your loved one? And what specific challenges you aim to address within the black community regarding mental health and suicide? First and foremost, what inspired me to to embark on my mental health journey and just creating this initiative and honor my brother, is this being something that I need first and foremost You. know what I mean? And not just me bringing other people and challenging them to You know Embark on a mental health journey, but this is something I need, something my brother's kids need.


My nieces, my nephew, my brother left four kids behind when he took his life, You know to Suicide back in 2020. So these resources that I'm creating and these tools that I'm You know, putting in front of people, these are tools that I'm using in real time. I'm not just telling somebody else to go do it. Like even me being in this room and getting in front of people like this and getting on panels like this, every conversation I have, it You know it. It takes me a step along, along the way in the journey of healing myself. So I feel like it's super important, not just for me, but everybody else and just the the feel, the healing in real time. And to You know, see how good it feels. It's something that I'm super excited to just give somebody else the opportunity to do as well. That's awesome. May, may I ask you what your brother's name was?


Is Glenn Johnson Lynn Glenn Johnson? Yes Ma'am. Glenn? Yes ma'am. So I honor your brother's name. Let's honor his brother right now. I Appreciate that. And his memory that is so important. So mental health and suicide are often considered taboo subjects in the black community. You know, I certainly know from firsthand experience. My father died by suicide. My best friend in 2014, And I came really close to taking my own life in 2015. So I wanna ask you, Connie, and I'm sorry, Elliot, Connie and Charlamagne, what are some of the key barriers you have identified that prevent open discussions and access to mental health resources in our community?


I'll start with you, Charlamagne and all that you're doing with the Mental Wealth Alliance. What, What was it? What was the Question again? What are some of the key barriers that you've seen that prevent open discussions around suicide In our community? Man, people don't want to be perceived as crazy. That's why I always say, in order to eradicate the stigma around mental health, people cannot be afraid to tell their story. And, I think a lot of times You know the black in the black community. We don't do ourselves no favors by keeping secrets. You know, I, I've been dealing with anxiety and You know bouts of depression my whole life. But it wasn't until I started You know having these conversations about it and telling my own story that I realized there was so many people that was dealing with the same thing. And particular my father, right?


And I tell this story all the time. But it was 2018. I'm home in Monks Corner, South Carolina. It was the week of Thanksgiving. My cousin, who was 25 at the time, he had just completed suicide. I got that term from Ashanti, by the way, completed suicide. He had just completed suicide at 25 years old. And he used to do like a lot of work with my father in the neighborhood because my father's in construction and my father called me and he had just read my second book, shook One Anxiety playing Tricks on me, and my cousin completed suicide. And that was the first time my father revealed to me that he had been going to therapy two and three times a week. And that he tried to commit suicide. You know, 30 plus years ago, You know that he had been on 10 to 12 different medications in South Carolina for his, for his mental health.


And so I remember asking my mom, I said to my mom, I said, yo You know Pops is dealing with all this. And she said, I thought he was playing crazy to get a check. Mm. So it's like those are the type of things that people be wanting to have conversations about, but they just don't because they think people going think you just playing crazy to get a check. So we just all gotta You know, tell our stories. Yeah, absolutely. You gotta be more open and vulnerable. Elliot, would you like to add to that? I mean, what else do you think we can do more to open up discussions and access to mental health resources in our community? I think, I mean, I agree with everything Charlamagne said. I think another barrier to mental health issues is pride. And, I, think we're proud of the wrong things.


And sometimes pride makes us afraid of judgment. But the truth is, we need to learn how to be proud of the whole journey and the whole story. Like someone like Charlemagne, tha God, he's an incredible person that's accomplished incredible things. But when you learn that he struggled with anxiety and depression, that provides context to his accomplishments. So we need to learn to be proud of the entire picture instead of just being proud of the positive picture. And when we can do that, then we have the opportunity for true healing. So to answer that question, like how do we open up more dialogue and more access to mental health? We have to be learned to be proud of our entire selves.


And when we can do that, then that opens up everything. And you have the possibility to heal from anything. Yeah, give it up for that. I remember when my dad died by suicide, when we were a baby, we tried everything. We said everything rather that he died from other than suicide because we didn't wanna tell the whole story to your point. And so only until I was an adult was I able to say what had happened and be okay with it and not be ashamed and embarrassed. And so I wanna go back to you, the Baby You know the Mental Wealth Alliance in Charlemagne and Dr. Alfie aimed to shed light on all these critical issues. Are there anything else you wanna, is there anything else whether you wanna tell us about some of the initiatives and programs that you're gonna be doing with the Baby Care or the Baby cares to break stigma and provide support to those in need?


Yes ma'am. So we just launched the Baby Cares about two days ago. I went to speak at West Charlotte High School, high School in Charlotte, North Carolina. And we're partnering with Mental Health America. We, we actually brought the, the A chapter of it to the Carolina. So that's something I'm extremely proud of and You know just having an opportunity to do. But with that, we launched the Glenn Johnson for Mental Health Initiative. And with that we'll just be providing resources and tools necessary. And they look and real, we're creating programs You know right now as we speak. And like I said, this is a journey that I'm just now embarking on and I'm just super excited to be learning as I go and as I learn teach You, know what I mean? And just pass the information right along. Yes, I love that And I run a mental health organization Silence with Shane.


So we're definitely gonna be in touch and hopefully partner absolutely with you all. I wanna go back to you Elliot You know I've seen the suicide rate, or we've seen rather suicide rates, especially for black men from 2018 to 2021 increase y'all by 30%. That's alarming and that's a problem. What would you say, particularly just to the black community, especially our black men in the audience today, what do we need to do truly to be able to open up? I know suicidal ideation, sometimes it could be You know hereditary depression could run in your family, but sometimes it's situational. So give me a good message for our black men today. So the first part of your question is, what can we do?


Go to therapy, period. The second part of your question, like what's a message we can give to them? Seriously, do not forget what I'm about to say. You are only as sick as your secrets. Ooh. So Y'all write that down. You're only as sick as your secrets. So whatever it is that is tormenting you, you gotta share that. You gotta let that out. And when you let it out, two incredible things happen. And for real, y'all don't forget this. The first thing that happens is you release it. You're no longer bound by it. The second thing that happens, and Charlemagne just spoke to it, when you speak to it, someone's gonna say, me too.


And you no longer feel like you're alone in that journey. And I've been a practicing psychotherapist for almost 20 years. I've never seen a single client that was struggling with suicidal ideation or depression that did not feel alone. So once we release that stuff and we share it, and we no longer feel, we no longer feel alone, our resilience goes up. When we get partnered, our resilience goes up when someone's walking the journey with us. So go to therapy and never forget, you are only as sick as your secrets. So anything you stop keeping secret


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose Open. Airbus are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


We'll no longer keep you sick. Woo. Thank you Elliot And. I. Tell people You know we got a superstar rapper on the the panel today. You gotta wrap through your problems. What does that mean? The R is recognizing those unfamiliar thoughts and feelings. The A in rap is acknowledging it and then accepting it. 'cause a lot of times we do stuff but we act like it didn't happen. So you recognize it, you acknowledge it, and you accept it. And then you, what's the P You process through those challenges and problems with a professional like Elliot. So recognize, acknowledge, accept, and process. All right, my, well we got about six minutes left. So I do wanna ask the baby, what message would you con like to convey to those struggling in silence and even some of your brevin in the entertainment industry?


Like I would, I would go back to a couple of things he just spoke on just going to therapy and with you with the acronym that you just broke down. Like the order that you put it in. Recognizing and accepting. And then the, the third one being processing. Like that's where I'm at. Like to this day, it started with me. It took me so long to just recognize it and accept it You know what I mean? I probably recognized it early on, but accepting it. That's something that's the stage. I just got to You. know what I mean? And processing it. And You know. Now I'm in the room with professionals, with several professionals. I've learned a lot of information just being on this stage with these great people for the, the 10 minutes we've been up here You. know what I mean? So things that I would encourage other artists to do is to just You know, speak up, You. Know, seek help.


Have the conversations with people that make you uncomfortable. You. know what I mean? And just like you say, You know you. You're only as sick as your secrets. Like a lot of the things that I go through, I've just been conditioned just as a black man period. And I'm sure plenty of people out here like You know as black men and women, let's not just act like You. know what I mean? Black men are are up against the eyes or You. know what I mean? Go through things. But we're conditioned to just sweep things under the rug and You. know what I mean? And just navigate through them however we can. And it's almost like You know we live every day, day in and day out, like in survival mode. You know. And that's something that's, that's not healthy. But You know we're we're strong enough to survive. So with the strength that we'll have, if, if we're having these conversations and speaking with professionals and sitting down and going to therapy, You know, I, I would encourage other artists to do that.


And You know, just take the first step. You know what I mean? The first step in the right direction. And, and I'm, I'm on like my third or fourth step. And it already You know. It just feels amazing. It feels amazing. Wow. And I just, I just wanna give you your flowers. 'cause the entertainment industry can be tough. Social media can be tough. Everybody got opinions and And I just met you. I don't know you. All I know is the accolades you've received and You know different things you've done in your past. But You know, loving yourself, being able to process through your brother's suicide. Nobody knows what that journey has been like for you. And so for you to be doing what you're doing now, not only are you helping yourself and your family, you're helping so many other people out here.


We talked about it earlier on a panel. A lot of times people going through stuff, they project it on others. Yes ma'am. So I just want you young man, I'm just say to you, keep doing what you're doing. Focus on you and your family and all that the baby cares is gonna do for our community. Absolutely. That's all that matters. Absolutely. So let's give him his flowers, y'all for what he's doing. Thank you. Thank you. With this important initiative to save lives. Can I, can I expand on something? Please, please, please. Shante, I want to ask Elliot, 'cause Elliot said You know you're only as sick as your secrets, which I agree with. But what about when You know you have to live certain traumas out loud. Yes. Like You know you, you, when when, when things happen where a family member commits a suicide and that is a traumatic experience, but then you still have obligations.


That's right. Right? That's you still, and they say, they say staying busy as a response to trauma. What advice would you, you give to people who have to have to deal with their traumas out loud in the public? To be fully, fully transparent? He was using words like acceptance. But I want, I want to add a word to that and talk to me. And we have to practice radical acceptance. What I mean by that is like when you go through something, you gotta deal with it publicly. That's just where you are at that moment. You have to literally just accept like, this is where I am in that moment and process through it. However you need to process through it. When you bury it and keep it a secret because I have a public job or because people see me or because I'm in public, you're just gonna make yourself sicker.


Yeah. Like, you really have to just accept. And here's, here's the thing. Like we are conditioned, like as, as a black culture, we are conditioned to think, if you knew my pain, you would perceive me as weak. So thus I have to hide that pain. So you perceive me as strong, but I'm telling y'all the strongest thing you could ever do is be you. Period. So if on that day me is processing a trauma, then damn it, you're gonna have to just see me processing a trauma. Yes. That's just how it works. So it's unfortunate sometimes that we have to process these things in public. And it's unfortunate that social media does what it does. But I don't give a damn. This is me. And on this day, this is how I have to show up.


And when you can show up as you every single day, that is true strength. Yes. Thank you for adding that question. That was a great question. You, you can turn on ig on any given moment and see me in a ugly cry. I don't care. You gonna get who I am in that moment. Thank you Elliot, for that. Charlamagne, what message of hope would you like to leave? Everyone who's struggling in silence, Man. The, the message of hope is that you're not alone. And you don't realize that until you start sharing your story, like I said earlier, until you start realizing that You know you're only as sick of your secrets. Like Elliot Connie said, that's why it's so important for us to have spaces like this man. This is community. Absolutely right. And I. I I thought it was unique to stuff that I was dealing with.


That's why I would keep it to myself. But then when I started sharing it and realizing like, no, there's other people out there dealing with anxiety. There's other people out there dealing with depression. There's other people out there dealing with PTSD, there's out there people out there dealing with things that You know I couldn't even comprehend. Like, when you just start sharing that story, man, you just form this, this village. And, I. We gotta get back to that. We gotta get back to being a village. We gotta get back to You know, lifting each other up. You know. I love that. I love that meme of that basketball player when he had his head down and the brother just came and helped him lift it up. Like little simple things like that. So the the hope is that you're not alone. So just share your story and you'll realize you're not alone. Yes. Thank you. I wanna give our final words to the baby.


Anything else you'd like to share? All the ready to close out the things. I'm sorry, I don't mean to cut you off. I'm just, I'm, I'm excited You know what I'm saying right now. I'm just excited. 'cause all the information that that these three great people on the stage are sharing. This is, this is my life in real time. You know what I mean? Like this is really my life in real time. About a week ago, I felt completely alone in my struggles and what I've been through. When I go sit down with him at Breakfast Club last week, when I come sit down right here, I met about a dozen people backstage before coming out here as well as the what? This is about 2000 people in here closely. 2000 people in here. Like You know, see everybody in here have similar interests and You know, be seeking this information and have this information.


Impact everybody out here and You know, get you guys to just nod your head and agree. I'm up here beside these guys. Like, like I feel like he talking to me. Everything he say, I feel like he talking to me. Everything they've said up here, I feel like they're talking directly to me. So I'm just super excited to just embark on this journey and start therapy myself. And, I, have You. know as many conversations as I can. Like I'm actually upset that I didn't bring my nieces, my brother's kids with me, my mom with me. So You know, like I'm just excited to just You know to leave here today and just to go tell everybody You know all the great information that I gained here today and to just bring my family along with me and others that are in need along with me on this journey of healing. I love that. Yes. Give it up. So we're out of time now, but we got three strong black men.


And I. Just wanna say to each one of you, black man, I'm always coining acronyms, man. Manifesting a need. Manifesting a need to be vulnerable, to be transparent, to be okay with who you are. Being, taking care of yourself and knowing that self-care is not selfish, right? And pouring back into your community. Y'all give it up for these black men who are helping to erase stigma and shame around suicide in the black community. Thank y'all so much and let's give it up for them. Thank you.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chua Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine odu ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ooo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@ooo.com. That's od o o.com.


Wake up at Holiday Inn express to a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay count on all the hot, fresh coffee you need, and an incredible breakfast buffet that has something for everyone, like eggs, cinnamon rolls, and even hot, fresh pancakes with all the toppings you crave. Next time, do yourself a favor and stay at a Holiday Inn Express with a can't miss breakfast that's free with every stay. So when you wake up at Holiday Inn Express, you'll wake up happy. A part of IHG Hotels and Resorts.


Kroger brand products have the great taste you'll celebrate. That's why over 40 million people choose Kroger brand products, making them a true crowd pleaser. And with quality guaranteed you'll love your choice or get your money back score. Kroger brand products with savings you can cheer for and great taste. You can't resist Kroger fresh for everyone


At your job. Do you ever have to deal with a nose roller? How about a snub pulley? Well, if you're installing a new conveyor belt system, dealing with the different components can sound like you're speaking a foreign language. Luckily, you've got a team ready to help. Grainger's. Technical product specialists are fluent in maintenance, repair, and operations. So whenever you want to talk shop, just reach out. Call click grainger.com or just stop by Grainger for the ones who get it done.