
Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like it soon. Check out boz.com for more.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily Can race cars, top jet planes. I gotta know. Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture. In the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Do You ever wonder where your favorite foods come from and like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Go. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back. And this season we're taking an England bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, seeing That the most popular cocktail is the Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to Gracias. Come again. A podcast by Honey German where we get real and dive straight into Tolo. We're talking and all things trending in my cultura. I'm bringing you all the latest happening in our entertainment world and some fun and impactful interviews with your favorite Latin artists, comedians, actors, and influencers. Each week we get deep and raw life stories, combos on the issues that matter to us, and it's all packed with Gem Sponge straight up com. And that's a song that only can sprinkle. Listen to Gracias, come again on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


How y'all doing? Okay, I'm going to talk fast 'cause you ain't here to see me. You here to see these two gentlemen I'm about to bring out. So let me just, let me just say it is an honor to have you here again, on behalf of Charlamagne, the God iHeartRadio, the Mental Health Alliance, and my nonprofit at Coma Project, all our sponsors, we're so happy to have you. I'm just gonna tell you what's on my heart. I feel like this next 30 minutes is gonna be like some healing's gonna happen. And so let me bring out my first guest. This brother You know him, you love him. He has three books after this session because he cares about the people so much.


He had to cut his book signing session short. So he's gonna be back out there for a little bit of time to sign his book. Now, the books that you all know are Battle Cry and the book we're gonna talk a little bit about today. Cry Like a Man. There's another book coming out in January. The man the Moment demands this brother. Every time I watch him, I cry. We met about, I don't know, 10 years ago at an event for samhsa, the Substance Abuse Mental Health Services Administration. And he was fascinating. Then he's captivating now. So please help me welcome Mr. Jason Wilson.


Alright, I can't say enough words about this other brother. I will say I'm Gen X, I'm gonna date myself. I hope you don't get mad at me. I remember him from Coca-Cola commercial. That's how I got introduced him. So where my Gen X is at, make some noise. That's right. Yeah. Gen X. All right. So this brother, I, how, what can I say? My family is a huge transform. Oh, there you go. That's it. There. It's there. It's alright. Thank you for Being, Appreciate you. So he was like, I ain't doing all that. I'm just gonna come out. I'm not mad.


All right, let me start this conversation. Yeah, I didn't want to hear my Wikipedia page. It's all good. So let me just start by, what's up everybody? Hello. Yeah, there you go. So I'm just gonna start by asking each of you gentlemen, what was it? If there's any one thing that encouraged you to start having conversation about black men and their mental health? For me it was, I think when I was about to lose my marriage, my wife, And I, remember vividly we're in a heated argument in the kitchen. And she simply, I had said, I had said, I wish I could spend more time with our son, Jason.


And she had said that she wished I had that same desire to spend time with her. And she didn't say it in a way that was combative, but I took it as something else I wasn't doing right. And in that moment, before I knew it, I hit the refrigerator and started yelling at the top of my lungs at the woman that I'm supposed to protect and love. And right before my eyes, I saw her spirit like just dwindle down. And at that moment the most, I said, you need some work. You haven't released all that you've been through. And as a result, it's affecting where you are. And so at that moment, 'cause we were about to get separated, And I chose, I said, You, know what I'm going to deal with what's been going on inside of me so that I can heal.


And so that was the pivotal point where I started my journey to comprehensive manhood. Thank you. Thank you. How about you, sir? How about you? I'm still trying to recover from what my brother just said. Exactly right here. Thank you for having me. Of course. I like to start things off. I'm old school. I like to be formal. Thank you. Thank you for having me on your stage and your platform, Charlamagne and thank you to Charlamagne. Thank you Charlamagne. Yes, brother. Yeah. Charlemagne, tha God for, for doing this. Thank you. You should do this like for real in real life. 'cause you, yeah, you some of the shit you do on your show.


Oh my God, Compromise is the mental health. And then he like, well hey, I'm gonna compromise your mental health. Then put a bandaid on it and do a conference. We'll talk about that later. I came in to have some fun because I, I got enough crying videos on the internet. So, oh Lord. Every time I see Charlamagne I'm crying. I'm like, this motherfucker, I'm so happy you ain't on this stage right now. So to be honest with you, my first, and here's the thing, I think I'm really proud of us. I want to be specific. I'm sure there's a couple white people out here, but I want to be very specific and say that I'm very proud of us as black culture for normalized in the dialogue in and around.


I'm not Okay. Amen. Amen. Right, because we have been for years walking, living, breathing time bombs. And the other thing that's very confusing about us, see, can I talk to y'all? 'cause we grown up here. Can I be, can I be Yes. Okay. All right. Because You know I'm You know I'm crazy And, I'm gonna say exactly what I feel. See, when we in the hood, we see a crack head, right? And we know it's a crack head, right? Right. If if, if y'all know what I'm talking about, don't, I don't want like bougie niggas. So if y'all know what I'm talking about, alright, when you see somebody that's strung out on something we know and we recognize them as being strung out on something, right?


Alcoholic drug head. Or when we see somebody that's a prostitute, we is like, oh, that's a prostitute. The problem with most of us is that we work so hard at creating these false perceptions that we're actually okay when we're not. And then social media has made it worse because you can actually cut and paste your relationship. You can put a filter on it. Your nose ain't that small. Okay? So we have set ourselves up to mask and we are being assisted in masking the way we actually feel.


I often say you would not be relationship goals if you upload how often you and your girl is actually arguing. But you're able to cut and paste out the fact that y'all been sleeping in two different rooms for the last three weeks. Y'all love each other, but you don't like each other. You irritate the shit outta me every time you talk cringing. And so that's the reality of where we are. So what happens is we create the lie and we live the lie. And then we also enjoy the fact that everybody believe it to be true.


But it's a lie the whole time. So for me, without me knowing anything about mental health awareness, I go back to my first book, it's called How to Get Out of Your Own Way. And it's a, it's a hit in all of the prisons, whatever. My shit got rave reviews on Amazon too, but how to get out of your own way. At first it was supposed to be called Get out of your own way. And then I, I realized that how to Is an invite because if you're in your own way and you don't know that you're on your own way, then you'll see it go get out of your own way.


And that's a comment be like, okay, well I'm not in my own way so I'm not gonna read it how to is an invite for you to be a part of the dialogue and the conversation. And it's raw, it's uncomfortable, it's unfiltered. I go into everything, childhood traumas, alcoholism, You know, mentally emotional, psychological, spiritual abuse, physical abuse, everything that I've seen and was exposed to in South Central la. I, I went all the way. And that's been me this entire time. I forgot what year it came out, it's at least 13 years ago. But before we normalized the dialogue around mental health, I was already on that journey to be transparent because I'm like, it's cool to get screamed for.


It's cool to be looked at as handsome and sexy and songs and movie star and muscles. That's all great. But I really want y'all to know that I'm a real guy and that I really feel things And, I carry things, And, I want you to look up to me for those reasons outside of the reasons of me having talent and all of the other things that I just mentioned. So that's, that's where my mental health journey started from, how to get out of your own way. I love that. Thank you for that. So yeah, yeah, please, please. So Jason, could you talk a little bit about, I heard a bunch of things in what both you and Tyrese said, and one thing that sticks out to me as a black person is that I feel like there's so much pressure.


There are different kinds of pressure, I think for men and women. There are different pressures for people. Any marginalized identity you add on top of being black, that's more stress for you. Right. And so I wonder if you could talk a little bit about your book, Cry Like a Man, and if there's anything in there that both you and Tyree could speak to related to, what are those pressures that are on men? Tyrese, you spoke to some of them that prevent them from being able to express and being touch with those emotions that they carry with them all the time? That's a great question. I've been working with boys specifically since say 2005, through the cave of aum, transformational Training Academy.


And it's, the programming starts young with boys. We tell 'em big boys don't cry. And then when they get older, no pain, no gain. That's not a universal principle. If brother Tyrese And I ever owned an NFL team and our star quarterback injured his Achilles, we wouldn't tell 'em no pain, no gain and go back out there. But for men, we've adopted these misleading mantras as universal truths. What it every do, everything in moderation is another one. We say when it takes less than an ounce of cyanide to kill you. And so we've been conditioned to believe that where our worth is in what we do and not who we are. And so you wonder why your teenage son is apathetic and just disengaged.


You've taught him his entire life not to express his emotions. And now you have no idea that he's one day away from committing suicide. And so Cry Like a Man, my journey started with my grandfather's lynching in 1936. And I saw directly the effect, the negative effect that trauma has on the brain when you can't release it. My mother and her siblings, it was, I think it's five siblings, all of them except two developed dementia. They could never let go of the trauma. And then if I fast forward past there, my mother's first marriage was very abusive. Her husband used to slap my brothers with the flat size of butcher knives.


And then in 1973, she married my father in 68. In 1973, my first brother got murdered. So my mother had to deal with that. And then in 1993, my second brother gets murdered. So I saw my mother trying to stay strong as we are conditioned to believe we can be as black people, that we have to be perpetually strong and don't talk to no one. You can deal with it yourself as a result of that mentality. My mother broke down mentally and had to be admitted to a psych ward. I share all that to say is that growing up as young black boys in our community, the gold standard, when I came up in what I call the glory, the golden area of, of hip hop, the gold standard was a hyper masculine black male.


You couldn't hold your girl's hand, not in my city, without the threat of getting beat down. So to survive in that community or that environment, we had to be become hard. We had to become callous. And as a result of that, we die. I believe today because we, we are an emotionally incarcerated group of men. We are higher risk of suicide. We commit the most homicides, and yet we still like wear as a badge of honor to suffering silence. And so the subtitle of the Cry Like a Man is fighting for freedom from emotional incarceration and emotional incarceration. It appears to be a safe place, but it's a self imposed imprisonment.


Mental imprisonment where a man isolates his heart from The World. And we've been conditioned that way from childhood, even now as men. Even Drake says in one of his songs, I pop bottles because I bottle my emotions. And we are, we'll be in a club like this, but we don't realize what that man just said. And as a result of repressing our emotions, we increase our chances of developing cancer by 70%. And then high risk behavior as far as dying from premature dying of a premature death by 30%. And as a result of our boys being emotionally incarcerated, I work with them. They can't express their fears. They're taught to be fearless when no man I know in here is fearless.


If you don't have fear, you can't be courage. Courageous. Amen. And if you have children, that's like your heart walking outside your body. And, Don, don't know one good father here who doesn't fear anything happening to their children. So as a result, thank you. Yes. Lastly, as a result, I teach young boys it's okay to feel fear but never succumb to it. So when you give a boy, especially a man like me and brother Tyree age, who have broken boys still inside of us that need more healing, when you allow us the freedom to feel, we stop hiding behind this facade as Brother Tyrese said. And we can break down all of those barriers and actually stop intergenerational trauma and start intergenerational healing.


Amen. Oh my God, thank you for that. You wanna add anything to it? Okay. You not touching that? I hear you. All right. Can I, can I say something? Yeah, go ahead, please. First and foremost, You know I got love for you man. And you, this brother reached out to me when Cry Like, a Man came out and he, without me asking, promoted it on his social media. 2018. Yeah. Something happened to my brother. Recognized talent, man got Talent. So something happened to my brother where he courageously had a moment in front of The World where he cried and shared his pain.


And, and what I, it's, it's, it's extremely hypocritical that in one voice, we, we complain about a, a narrative that isn't even accurate. That black men aren't there for their children. 'cause the CDC reported that black fathers are more active than any other ethnicity with their children. But the fact that there's a, a man, a black man on social media of his stature, having a breakdown crying, not over a Super Bowl trophy, not over a NBA championship, not over none of that. But the fact that he can't spend time with his daughter and the society at large mocks him.


And so I'm real big on like talking, that's, that's faith and action works. So I, I would like to ask everyone in here, 'cause I'm sure all of us have been guilty of even not even condemning those who may have even laughed at that moment of transparency that my brother had. And so I'm real big on resolving trauma because like he said, he's human. I've talked to him, I won't share some of the things he's told me. But we have to understand that hurts us. I was talking to men all out here today angry 'cause they can't be with their kids and everything else going on. I said, brother, you're not angry.


You're hurt, you're sad, you're depressed, you're frustrated, you're disheartened, anger's a surface emotion. We express that easily. But when we teach, I teach boys to dig deep and men to dig deep and express what I call the hyper sensory emotions before the emotional earthquake happens. So if everyone with me, I wanna say it together, brother. I'm sorry for not even standing up for you in that moment as a black man seeing you vulnerable. Honestly, I should have dog checked anybody I saw who tried to talk about you or humiliate you because I've been doing youth work since 2003.


And to see a father cry with your stature, your popularity, and just want to release it, and your grief was to be with your daughter. 'cause you couldn't be, I just wanna publicly commend you for that and really give it up for Tyree straight up. You do deserve it, man. Take it in. Take it in. It's for you. So Charlamagne trying to set me up to cry again.


This is crazy. This is crazy. I should have stayed at home, man. I don't, I got enough crying videos out here, Charlamagne. Geez. But the real talk, my brother No, no, I receive it. And because this clock, this clock is stressing me out right here, whoever's running this clock, I think y'all got this wrong. There's no way y'all can have us, two of us three up here, talkative communicators. And this clock says 11 minutes and 20. So this is wrong. Somebody's gotta go ahead and rewind this thing, man. Come on up here, man, to fix this clock, man. This is, this is not right. Yeah, I'm serious, man. I got some stuff to say.


My god, my God, my God. So yeah, yeah. I'm baldheaded, I'm baldheaded. That happened. This brother's been having my beard now for like 12 years. It's crazy. I'm waiting on him to send it back. So I, I want you to know that I receive the love that you just gave my brother from father to father. That means The World to me that you would pour into me and validate me.


You've done this for me privately outside of doing it on a stage in front of the audience. And. I want you to know how much it means to me. Because how do you inspire the uninspired? How do you motivate the unmotivated? You have to use your voice, your stage, and your platform to recognize that what they're doing is not motivated by money. It is a selfless act to give of your time, your energy, and be fully present, especially with a bunch of boys that aren't your own. But you make them your own by saying whether you have a father or not a big brother or not, I'm gonna be all of these things and try my best to be used to keep you motivated and encouraged because we all get robbed of reaching our full potential When we don't have anybody standing in front of us to say, keep going.


Amen. Now I wanna speak to, I want to pivot really quick because I could use these 13. The clock ain't stopped yet. I'm concerned. I want to use these 13 minutes to, to try my best to encourage somebody. And I want y'all to really receive what I'm about to say because I came here with a message. If I had to ask y'all anybody in here, I don't want nobody to Google it, look it up by just one person in here.


Just do me a favor, by a show of hands, can you tell me what was Dr. Martin Luther King jr's net worth when he was assassinated on the balcony? One person in here, if you can raise your hand, don't, don't play with me little man. This is not Instagram. We are not here to win the popularity contest. Okay? Can anybody raise they hand and say to me, this is what Dr. Martin Luther King's net worth was when he was assassinated in Memphis, Tennessee? Okay. Can anybody tell me the size of his rims on his car? Can anybody tell me what type of credit card he had in his wallet? Anything?


None. How about the square footage of his house? Okay, the point I'm making is none of that shit matters. Okay. So the calculated distraction that I wanna speak to is we are all out here focused on the wrong shit. Y'all spent more time getting dressed this morning than reading the Bible, reading a book, or trying to come up with a plan that can help change the community that you complaining about every single day. The laws are the laws Because They know how to get together and change everything about what they have a problem with.


They'll buy up all this gentrification that it's not a random concept that's actually happening. And the gentrification is happening where we as black and brown culture lay our heads, but they come up with a plan and they figure out how to push us out. And we're just bitching and moaning and complaining the whole time while it's happening right in front of us. So I I, I really want y'all to understand that it does not take a thousand people to change anything. It just takes one person to actually make a commitment to change their neighborhood or their community and then things change.


The reason I'm pointing out Dr. King, I know he was a civil rights leader, had everything that we know about him. But in my mind, Dr. King was the unexpected hero. This was a man that went to Montgomery, Alabama because he was a pastor at Ebenezer in Atlanta. But his father, Dr. Martin Luther King, I'm sorry, Martin Luther King's senior, was the senior pastor at Ebenezer in Atlanta. Dr. King wanted his own church. The first time he became a senior pastor was in Montgomery, Alabama. Then there was a black woman that says to the white man, my feet is hurting and I'm not going to the back of the bus.


So he got thrusted into an unexpected civil rights journey, did the boy bus boycott and then everything happened. Some of y'all do well on Instagram speaking up and speaking out about things that matter. But you're not doing anything in real life. You all in the comments, you writing your captions, you vocal and outspoken you in your Malcolm X bag on Instagram, but you ain't doing shit other than posting. So the reason that I am as vocal and outspoken about the family law court system because I'm going to Congress, see


Welcome to growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, where we uncover all the awesome jobs you could do when you grow up. I'm Emily and I'm here to help you find your passion. Oh wait a second, this noise. Ah, at Winston, who always has some burning questions. What is it now, pal? Hey, Emily, can race car drivers go faster than jet planes? Typical, he's a charmer, but sometimes his timing could use some work. Winston's all about trucks. But hey, we'll explore construction, car racing and plenty more careers. So join us on growing up where we inspire you to be whatever you want to be. Lingo Kids Grown up is now available on Story Button, the Kid friendly device for Screenless podcast listening, listen to grown up on story button, the iHeartRadio App Apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call a nervous Breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talked to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle To you. Someone's cheating. We've Got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In 1982, Atari players had one thing on their minds Sword quest. This wasn't just a new game. Atari promised 150 grand in prizes to four finalists, but the prizes disappeared. And what started as a video game promotion became one of the most controversial moments in eighties pop culture. I just don't believe they exist. That would be my reaction. Shock and awe. That sword was amazing. It was so beautiful. I'm Jamie Loftus. Join me this spring for The Legend of Sword Quest. A podcast about the fall of Atari and the disappearing Sword Quest prizes. We'll follow the quest for lost treasure across four decades. It's almost like a metaphor for the industry and Atari itself in a Way. Listen to The Legend of Sword Quest on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Bruce Boi on my podcast table for two. We have Unforgettable Lunch after Unforgettable lunch with the best guest you could possibly ask for people like Matt Bower. Thank you for that introduction. I'm gonna slip you, slip you a Couple twenties under the table. Dang for that. Dang Emma Roberts. When it came into my email inbox, I was like, okay, I know I'm gonna love this so much that I don't even wanna read it because if I can't be in it, I'm gonna be bummed. And Colin Jost You know Your Wife was the first guest. That's right. Table for two and It's come full circle. As long as I do better than her I'm behalf. Table for two is a bit different from other interview shows. We sit down at a great restaurant for a meal, maybe a glass of rose. And the stories start flowing. Our second season is airing right now. So you can catch up on our conversations that are intimate, surprising, and often hilarious. Listen to Table for two with Bruce Bozzi on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am currently assembling not just fathers mothers as well, because a lot of women in this audience, you make way more money than your man and he at the house playing video games and delivering hot penis. And as soon as y'all break up, he gonna try and come get half of your shit just the way I'm dealing with it. So y'all gotta understand that the reality of what happens in that courtroom when you show up and you're dealing with a divorce, alimony, child support payments, and all the above. I'm not just on Instagram going at my exes, I'm going at the family law court system.


I've tried to get the judge thrown off the bench twice. So these are not tears and vain, I'm in motion. What do you have a problem with? What do you have a problem with? I'm asking, what do you have a problem with? If you don't have a problem, shut up. But if you actually have a problem with 4 million black men being in jail and every time you are an alpha male, you get pinged with MAs, a toxic masculinity because they're trying to normalize gay, do you have a problem?


They're telling women what to do with their bodies. Do you have a problem? I'm not here to tell you to vote Republican or Democrat. That ain't my job. I'm going for Kamala. Oh, Kamala. Oh Kamala. I did that on purpose. Don't don't. I did that on purpose. Anyway, y'all, y'all know what I'm talking about. I did that on purpose. Shut up, Kamala. That's right. That that's right. That's right. Get it right, get it right. So I'm just saying like we have a problem, but how much of a problem do you have?


See, this brother right here had a problem with what's happening with black boys and he went above and beyond and he does it every single day. Whether the cameras is rolling or not. What do you have a problem with? Nothing changes because you at home complaining and sitting on your hands. It only changes when you get in motion. Come on, y'all. Dr. Martin Luther King, Malcolm X, Medgar Evers like we can keep going. The movement only happens with movement. What are we doing? It does not take a thousand people.


If only one person in this room decides You know what man I do have a problem with. It changes everything. Voter suppression. What are you gonna do about the fact that they manipulating all these machines and people are out here working hard to create new crips, new bloods, new gangsters, new murderers. Niggas know how to load guns faster than they could ever learn math and and and take, take away and subtraction. Do you have a problem or are you just gonna be like, man, they over there wilding and then everything stays the same. So I'm just letting y'all know And, I don't need nobody to encourage me to do this.


I live this family law court system. Shit, every day I'm at $15 million fighting to see my daughters 15. That's legal fees. That's movies, albums and projects and concerts that have my name on it. That went away. 'cause I woke up to the news that I was arrested or or whatever I'm being accused of. You think Disney wants to hire me after I get accused of some shit that I didn't do? That's money that had my name on it, that went away. And then I gotta go hire lawyers to protect me. And then they trying to hit me over the head for legal fees to protect her while she's accusing me of some shit.


And I'm not going at women. I'm going at lying women. So we're clear for every baby mama in the audience who would never take their man to court. Raise your hand. See it's a cook. Look at that. Look. See something. Oh God, let me sit down. It was only like 12 hands up in here. God damn. They trying to get the bag in New York. Huh? I said raise your hand. Raise your hand. I'm trying to put my Dr. King Wood. Raise your hand if you never take your man to court. It was seven of y'all. Yep. Dang. Pretty much. Pretty much. So we are gonna close out yet the clock is wrong.


But we With that clock, sir. Oh, they didn't fix this clock yet. But I will before I give you two gentlemen, the last word, the whole point was really for you all to talk and me to just facilitate one thing I'll say. And then I ask you to give us your closing thoughts, anything you wanna leave the audience with. And the one thing I will say is what's really important, you said stand up when you believe in something. One thing that's really important to me is as black people, we all have to rise together. And let me say what I mean. That means those of us who are black from any part of the diaspora, we had a sister appear today, say she was Caribbean. That includes them. We have African immigrant brothers and sisters. That includes them. We have those of us who identify as African American from the legacy of enslavement that includes us.


And as my brother said, it includes all of us as women along with our brothers, black men, our kings and princes. And it includes folks with other marginalized identities, black queer folks as well. Black people with disabilities as well. It's all of us. So if we don't all rise, what's the point? So with that, what I just wanna leave us with, I You know, I don't wanna be up here talking everybody who knows me. I knows I love to talk. But with these two here, that's not my role today. My role is just facilitation. So I will ask you two gentlemen in these closing the clock is wrong, two minutes and 45 seconds. What would you like to, what would you like to leave the audience with?


Any parting words? And, I. Didn't get to ask my question, but I'm just gonna put it in something I want y'all to take with you. Do we as black people, men, women, and other, do we know how to receive love? I just want you to hold on to that. We didn't get to that today, but your closing words gentlemen, Since that's really a negative at the clock. Your, I guess question about do we really love ourselves? Yes. I, if I'm just recalling every conversation I had today with all the men who came up to me, And, I would have to say that's the common theme.


We're so quick to basically surrender the blessings that we have over one moment. And it's all centered around because we don't see the real value in who we are. For me to break free from emotional incarceration and have the marriage that I have, the life that I have, that I don't work for any of this. I work from my home. Everything that I have, my affirmation comes from my wife, my daughter, my son, but none of that. And of course the most high. But none of that could have happened if I didn't start loving myself. My brothers, I'm gonna be transparent with you.


The reason it's hard for you to say vulnerable or vulnerability is because the word itself doesn't really convey what we're asking or what we need to do. If I had an AK 47 And, I was shooting a gun in here, the news would say he shot his gun at vulnerable citizens. People who are in danger of getting hurt or wounded or killed. We're trying to tell you to have emotional openness, to be transparent with your emotions and what you're dealing with. My wife would touch me, brothers And. I would cringe 'cause I didn't understand why she was caressing me. How? Why? How do you love me that you rubbing my scalp? And many of us, if we real with ourselves, that superman cape we try to wear every day is strangling the life out of us.


I got a call this morning from a successful person that You know his wife is considering to leave and he cannot convey and release the childhood trauma to her so that she can understand at least why he cannot communicate. He's been conditioned by his trauma and abuse to not love himself. So I'm telling you, the way to break free and start this journey to healing is to first stop seeking for love everywhere else and look in the mirror, resolve it there. And as brother Tyrese passionately conveyed, I'm just one person.


God says, I don't need an army. I need one boy, one stone, one sling to take down the giant I got before you. But I couldn't do it until I was real with myself and got the healing. More resources than ever are being poured into our communities. Why isn't it working? Seeds are falling on unfertile ground. The ground needs to be broken up. The hardness of our heart, what our ancestors had to deal with, they had to stay in, fight or flight. Y'all, we don't, we're free to find healing. My father probably would've lived a longer life if he could have been here. Love yourself. It sounds simple, but it's the greatest thing you could do.


Because when I started loving myself, I genuinely started loving my wife. I started treating my daughter the way I long to be treated as a son. I started communicating with my son instead of always having to resort to yelling and just calm me. Just saying, son, why did you do that? What caused you to think that way? That's how my son grew. And then lastly, because I'm healed, I can heal the thousands of boys that I touch every day. And so it, I just close with that crying like a man is more than shedding tears. Just so you'll know. Tears release stress hormones that get discreted from your body when you cry.


That's why you typically feel better when you cry. Alright? But it's not just about that. It's about releasing the trauma and emotional pain that's been stored in your heart for years. Release it and be free. Stop allowing your trauma to time travel so that you can fully live in the present Period. Do Y'all gotta give some more love to my brother for that one right there? My God, Yes. It's like when this man starts talking, man, I start traveling somewhere in my head. I where?


Where I, I left the room and then I came back. But I'm gonna do this. I'm tired of this shit right here. Oh my God. You set us up Charlamagne. How you going to have us to come up here and do this and then put a clock on us? Like that thing is aggressive every time we not looking at it. Somebody is speeding it up too. Man.


Shit man. I'm taking this home. Well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna wrap it up by saying, I know I'm supposed to encourage y'all say something motivational, inspirational, but I'm gonna close this out by telling y'all what I'm here to do because I don't do charity. I believe in giving back, not just financially with my time, my energy. When y'all see me writing them loan captions on, on Instagram. I don't have people at my house. I like to put my thoughts and my feelings out there in The World hoping that somebody out there to see it, be able to relate to it.


But I'm gonna tell y'all what I'm here to do. I'm here to change things. I'm here to normalize the dialogue that black men cry. We are vulnerable When when an abortion happens or a miscarriage happens, you skip over us. I've never had a miscarriage or an abortion, obviously in my house or my family or my marriage. That's not something I've ever experienced. But I've know plenty of men who have experienced it.


I came here with one today, A stillborn. He did not want to live anymore after experiencing it. He's the best father of two supermodel daughters. And he's my brother, my Capricorn brother. He's a Muslim man. Strong alpha, everything that we represent. But at Wood Point, did something happen so bad where what you're feeling and carrying gets overlooked? Because everyone normally gravitate towards the woman and what she needs as if we're not feeling that exact thing, we may be outta jail.


But have you asked the question, what has happened to you mentally, emotionally, psychologically, from you experiencing being incarcerated? You may be out, but are you still carrying the things that affected you from living in constant fear every single day? You may not be in the foster care system anymore, but what did you see? What did you hear? What did you experience? Does your molestation matter as a man? How many more Catholic priests are they gonna announce that molested boys and just maybe all of these Catholic priests would be in jail if they were all women that these Catholic priests were molesting.


See, I am unafraid and unapologetic about being vulnerable, honest, vocal, and outspoken. That's who I am. That's what it's been. Because I realize quickly, I may not ever get to a level of Elon Musk money. I live in something nice. I drive something nice, but I've never desired. I love you because of your car. I want you to love the person that's in the car and then give a compliment to the car after. That's a good brother in there. It's all in the way it lands for you. So I'm gonna tell y'all, I am a multi-billionaire.


Some of y'all ain't happy for me. I am a multi-billionaire. My life and my career started with a 32nd commercial. I am the walking, living, breathing manifestation of God's favor right here. Find somebody else who started their career with a 32nd commercial that turned into 30 years. You may laugh. You may make a mockery. I might be posting some silly shit.


I laugh at me too. But you cannot question God's favor because if it's about talent, why hasn't everybody else who did a 32nd commercial have that to go and turn into 10 billion in box office? Sell all these records. Go by one name. Just one. That's it. That's All we did. Just one. That's all we Did. Insecure people will look at this as bragging and flexing. I'm not here to tell y'all my Wikipedia page. I'm telling y'all that I'm different.


And I came here to change things. I came here to normalize things that ain't normal. I came here to change things and I'm not done. What did you come here to do? You do understand that this place is gonna stay the same unless you change it. Did y'all hear that? I have a problem with, finish a sentence. Do you have a problem with it or are you willing to do whatever it takes to change it?


I came here to change things. Yes, I will be opening a movie studio that will have hotels, restaurants, retail, car dealerships, all the above. I'm gonna do it. And one of you niggas gonna give the money to do it too. I have a problem with the things that I have a problem with. These are the things that keep me up at night. And, I, want to close this out with this man, please, God, thank you for everything I, I God, I don't. I do not take these stages and these platforms for granted.


You. You could have anybody on this stage. Charlamagne knows everybody could have had anybody here. So somebody, I hope And I, pray that we have been able to say something that can change a life. Just one. It doesn't have to be the whole room. Some of y'all are so used to going to church and screaming, hallelujah. And you go right back to doing the same shit. When I am in the presence of somebody that drops something on me, that falls directly into my soul. Everything about that moment for me changes. I don't care. Listen, there is nobody in this room that can purchase me into feeling differently because my soul is not for sale.


As a matter of fact, most people with money irritate the shit outta me. That's why I don't hang around with celebrities. I connect to and relate to regular folks. Now with that being said, I'm gonna close it out with this y'all. I wanna tell y'all something about the fire in my belly. I wanna be specific about the fire in my belly. They always say hell is hot and they turn the fire and the desire into a negative. I wake up every single day and literally what keeps me up at night are the dreams and the visions. I tell people I dream with my eyes open.


I want to become the things I see. When somebody say something or expose me to something, I'm like, man, what is that? I never dreamt that I was able to see it, hear it, or be exposed to it after I woke up or I shook a hand or somebody made me aware of something that was going on. The fire and desire in your stomach is a sign and an indication that that's something that you're supposed to do. The things that keep you up at night, it could be the way the things is happening in the, in the community with the prisons and the jail and the excessive force and the murder and the and, and all of the things that stress you out. Those are the things that God continue to show you so that you can take the initiative to change things.


A movement doesn't happen without movement. What do you have a problem with? What do you want? And if you decide to not do it, you're gonna sit back and you're gonna watch me do it because I'm not waiting on none of y'all. 'cause I understand the assignment and that nothing changes unless you change it. So I'm gonna ask y'all to do me a favor. Don't just go to another conference. Don't be screaming and yelling and we not about to pass out no basket for no offering. Only thing you need to know is that you could have been anywhere in any city, state and country and you came here because someone in that you're in a relationship with, every time you mention that clothing, idea, hair, makeup, the hair salon, any real estate tech, anytime you mention anything to this person, this negative ass dream killer is shooting down your ideas and you laying up in bed with the venom right there, pull the covers back.


That's a snake. There is nobody I'm ever gonna date that's gonna stop me from the things that keep me up at night. So you look at your, grab your stomach sometime when you in the mirror and ask God, what is in my stomach that's, that's that's burning, that's keeping me up at night that I truly desire. That's what we want. And if you don't get it done, watch me. I will. 'cause I don't feel bad for nobody either you're going to get it done or it won't be done. But don't get mad at niggas that's out here getting it done. God bless you.


Thank you. Can we make sure? Hilarious. You were mess. Yay. All right. Yeah. He's gonna get a picture of all of Us. Want to thank y'all for coming out today. Yes. Yep. Want to thank y'all for coming out today. We'll be here next year. I'm glad we could create a safe space for Tyree to get all that off his chest. Thank you for coming. Tyrese really do appreciate y'all and You know this is a day of mental health education and healing, and everything that everybody's been saying on this stage is true. What Tyrese said is very true. We hope that you came out here today and you feel encouraged to either continue on your healing journey or to get started on your healing journey.


And I, really wanna stay from the bottom of my heart. Thank you all for coming out today, and we'll see you all again next year at the fifth annual Mental Wealth. Expo. Hey, I got Hello? Yo yo. Yo. I just want to thank iHeart Radio one time. And I. Gotta thank this queen right here, Dr. Alfie Breland Noble. None of this happens without her. I mean, absolutely nothing. So thank you Dr. Alfie. Thank you. Hello. Hello. Hey. Hey, Charlamagne. I didn't know you was this short bro, because you are always behind the table sitting down on The Breakfast, Club.


This is crazy. I'm actually taller than him. Did y'all have fun today? God bless y'all. Y'all know what to do, right? Y'all know what to do, right? All right.


Hey, I'm Emily revealing incredible jobs that are out there. Ah, here's Winston with his burning question. Emily Can race cars. Top jet planes. I gotta know. Classic. He's a charmer, but his timing could use some work. Winston loves trucks, so we'll explore construction car racing and more. Join us on growing up the Lingo Kids podcast, inspiring you to chase all your dreams. Listen to growing up on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Hey Friends, Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship Circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? Like what's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi, I am Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Mike Tego. Mr. Our podcast, hungry for History is Back. And this season we're taking an even bigger bite out of the most delicious food and its history, Seeing that the most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba and the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk, and this is Basket Case. What is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it, and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.