
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her neck and sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this tap and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's, let's get to It. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You Hear that exclusive, you know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in hot. What's up y'all? It's Lauren La Rosa. I'm your home girl who knows a little bit about everything and everybody. Now today, this is a very special episode of the latest with Lauren la but Tanisha, my manager is here. Patrick is here. Yep. Yesterday y'all heard Patrick debut his WDAS voice for the first time. And anybody that don't know about W-D-A-S-W-D-A-S is, is a radio station and it's all about like smooth jazz. And I don't know why Patrick get on this podcast and start talking like he trying to put y'all to like sleep subtly and soothingly.


Like he's doing like a, I don't know, like a what's the little muck bang thing called the N-P-R-A-S-M. R-A-S-M-R. Yeah. He be on here like, yeah, because I agree. Lauren, how you feeling like that is not how he be talking regularly, y'all like, I promise you that is not, I don't know what it is about these cameras baby, baby, when these cameras come on, Patrick, get the acting real unusual. You right, I'm not used to the limelight. It's no light or no camera over there. Boy, you ain't got me used to nothing. Well, welcome, welcome guys. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, your daily dig into pop culture and all the conversations that shake the room.


Now, as always, before we get into things, just a little grinding, checkin Back on the grind. Patrick, how you feeling today? Feeling smooth. You feel smooth? Oh God, not smooth. We, we ain't gonna be able to hear a word you gonna say today? Not you feeling smooth? Why you feeling smooth? I'm feeling smooth. I'm just liking how we just tackling things and we're just like moving forward with purpose And I like that. Okay, I like that too. Tanisha, how you feeling today? Amazing. Amazing. Okay, so Tanisha has been rocking out with me for a very long time And I told the story all the time about when I was like ready to leave my job and she got to the point where she was just like, girl, you either gonna leave or you're not. Let me know what you're doing.


I'm gonna support you either way. And I was like, okay, bet and call. And then I was like, oh, just left the job. And she was like, okay, cool. So now you gotta figure this out. So we've been like, you know, strategizing my career for some years together and she's in town because we are doing a live conversation hosted by Charlemagne at, you know, iHeart in celebration of the podcast, but not even really in celebration. I've already partied about that more so, so people can come out, they can get to meet me, get to, you know, see me in live conversation about the podcast, about my goals for the podcast. And I think that this is, this event is coming at a good time. I'm excited. We're gonna have a ton of media there, a ton of like, you know, different clients of the station and of Black Effect, you know, the people with the coin.


But I'm just excited, I think I'm excited for people to come and like really meet me and get to, you know, feel the energy and all that in person. But yeah, so Tanisha is here. Patrick gonna check in feeling smooth so you ain't gonna be able to hear nothing. He talking about he gonna be mumbling all night. But we are gonna get into the latest with the first topic. Lately, Tyra Banks has been in the news. So I saw this headline, I was like, it's no way they had to misquote my girl. They had to misquote my girl because there is no way that Tyra Banks got on Beyonce's internet or Beyonce's, wherever this show stream a TV show. She was talking to Jenna Bush for, she was talking to Jenna Bush on date with Jenna and Friends.


Now on this show, Tyra Banks was guest hosting this week. Tyra Banks and Jenna are having a conversation about remaking the Bodyguard because recently it was announced that the bodyguard is going to be remade, it'll come from Warner Brothers. So it's, it's gonna be like the whole thing. Now, I'm not even gonna hold y'all, when I saw the original headline just of the movie being remade, I was like, we don't need this. And I've never felt like that. Like I've always been one to kind of feel like, okay, if they wanna remake it, I'm down to see like what the new version could be. But honestly, I'm more of like, let's continue the story. But you can't continue the story. Whitney Houston is not here. So of course this would have to be a a, a remake.


So for those of you guys who do not know, have not seen the movie, and if you have not or do not know God, be with You, made a force be with you because I don't know where you've been at, but the Bodyguard Center is on former Secret Service agent who has played by Kevin Costner, who is hired to protect a celebrity Whitney Houston from a stalker. Now during this time when they, they're doing like the little dance back and forth when, you know Whitney Houston is at the, you know, height of her career in this movie, they fall in love and it is a very like, it's like a super like romantic, like super, oh my god. He came and he saged me, but it's a big movie film. Whitney Houston in this film for me watching her singing this movie, you couldn't talk to me about a movie soundtrack after this because it wasn't just songs are placed and you know, the cute actress who was also a singer is gonna sing it.


It was Whitney Houston. During this film, she actually landed two Oscar nominations and it featured Whitney Houston's cover of Dolly Parton's. I will Always Love You, which I don't gotta say nothing else. If you don't know about, about the movie The Bodyguard, if you don't know about nothing else, I don't have to say anything. I don't, I shouldn't have to describe background or I'll always love you if I have to do that. This really might not be the place for you, okay? So come back next week. But in saying all of that, and the reason why I say all that is because Tyra Banks is having this conversation with Jenna Bush for Jenna and friends. And you know, sometimes I think we get on these platforms when I say we Emini here us the colored us people, we get on these platforms and some of the things we say, I don't know if we don't understand, like it's not even a responsibility thing.


It's just like a girl. Ain't no way you would've said that if one of us was sitting right there next to you. 'cause what are you even talking about? Tyra Banks gets on this platform and they're talking about the remake and they're talking about the casting because you need a very strong woman, singer, actor person to lead Whitney Houston, Kevin Co like their, their romance in the dance that they did throughout this film was, it was so effortless. The feeling you felt with all of that soul and all that music and all those notes coupled with this great story and this amazing acting, and y'all know what Tyra Banks did. Tyra Banks got on this platform and she said, I think it'd be Taylor Swift because of the business and commerce art, she would freaking sell like crazy.


But okay, I'm just gonna be real. I'm a black girl and it was Whitney Houston as a black girl, Kevin Costner as a white man. What if we flipped it and it was Taylor Swift, Andre's elbow hot? I don't understand Tyra, we were all rooting for you, rooting for you, rooting for you. There's no way that she believes that in her hearts to hearts. I know that, you know, Tyra's been in this business for some time. She knows you know what to do and what to say and how to maneuver to get the people going and pick up the headlines. But there's no way, I don't know about y'all, but I don't wanna see Taylor Swift nowhere near the Body Guard remake at all. It's not for me, not at all.


I do not want the kids' b version of the Bodyguard. I don I don't think that Taylor Swift is bad at what she does. I think Taylor Swift is a powerhouse. She's Taylor Swift. She does it amazingly well Lead a Bodyguard alone. Don't let this give you no ideas. 'cause I done seen the, the headlines picking up Don't do it. Now, I I do know that here, maybe she was just trying to play into this. One of the directors, his, his name is Sam Rech. So Sam Rech, he's a director that also directed a lot of things on Taylor Swift Aris tour. Now I know that the Aris tour was like a huge tour. They did the whole film that also hit theaters and it's so like crazy and, And I, again, I'm not taking away from Taylor Swift whatsoever.


I think she's really talented and y'all know, if y'all listen to me on The Breakfast Club, I'm not a Taylor Swift fan. I'm not a swifty. I only know, like shake it off to be honest with you. But I know she's talented And I understand what she's doing And I respect the Powerhouse and Tyra Bank as a black girl. I'm, I'm so confused how you could even like knowing what Whitney Houston was in that role for us and knowing just kind of like the feeling like I'm literally having a feeling right now thinking about that movie. Like that is how that movie makes you feel. It won't happen with Taylor Swift. I don know if you've seen it Tyra Banks, but please go watch Taylor Swift swag surf at the chiefs game and Nat will tell you right there why she should not be doing this movie as a black girl.


I'm signing off because I can't even believe that we just had to even talk about that. Now, next up in the latest, our next topic, this this conversation actually has been going on for some time, but Pinky from Slutty Vegan. So for those of you guys who are not familiar, there's a, a business called Slutty Vegan. It is a huge business that the brand has grown into a hundred million dollar brand. It is owned by a black woman named Pinky Cole, who is from Baltimore, but she has been living and based in Atlanta for years now. They have 14 locations. She's everywhere. She's in Georgia, she's in New York. She's, she's a ton of places Now this brand I I feel like has become definitely a huge trend on social media.


A lot of people I know fly into Georgia, into Atlanta and when they get, when they go, there's a huge choice attraction. Even if you're not vegan, you wanna try slutty vegans food because it is so trendy. Because it is the thing that like just everybody's doing, everybody's talking about it. Now for the last couple months, I didn't even notice this until she said it. She sat down with Earn Your Leisure and she talked about, you know, being off the grid for the last couple months and she talked about the fact that she had lost her business. She had had to sell her business so that her business could be restructured and then she had to buy it back. Now when she posted this video, first announcing that she lost the business and bought it back, she posted it on April Fool's Day. I will say I have not seen a slutty vegan ad.


I had not seen her on Instagram. I had not anything interacted interaction wise with Slutty Vegan in a while. But when she posted this video, it did what it needed to do. 'cause I stopped And I watched it and she was talking about the fact that she had lost her business, had to get it back. But more importantly, she began to go into the real struggles that she had been facing as a business owner. And that got me, that really got me because for me, I think, you know, all of this is is real fly and it's real cute And I love being here with y'all, but business on the backend and understanding that, that is one of the things for me that as an entertainer, as a producer, production company owner, you know, we do clothing, we do a lot of things.


I am always trying to like learn. And as you grow there's so much more for you to learn and so much more for you to like keep afloat. So to see a black woman whose business I know has been making money for some years, get on here and tell me that, yo, I messed up. I'm like, first of all, it's bold as hell for her to admit that loudly. But secondly, I wanna know what happened because I might mess up too And I need to know what's going on. And that's all this interview was about. So Pinky from Slutty Vegan in this Earn Your Leisure interview, she talked about at one point being so focused on being the face of her business, the mascot of her business, the get out kiss, the babies, you see me everywhere of her business that the back end was not strong.


Being the face is a whole job, but running a business is not like a kumbaya, let's just go zen. I do yoga all day. Oh, I'm cute. It's like real work. I tell people all the time, like when people are like, oh my God, I wanna quit my job and be an entrepreneur. Why? And and what's your why first of all, and what have you learned from that job that you're about to lead? Because when I say you going need every inch of project management, organization, delegation skills, everything like your life is going to depend on that. Being an entrepreneur is harder than working a job for somebody.


I don't care what nobody's saying, y'all disagree with me. If y'all want to tweet me at Lauren la you know, post on Instagram, let's talk about it. Because being an entrepreneur and having to figure all of this out on a fly and you know, figure out finances when you do it and like the right people and like she said, bringing the right people along and along the way you find out the right people that you thought was the right people, not the right people. Like it is not the easiest thing when you go to a job, you go to work, you go to work, you get along with who you have to because they're gonna be there every single day regardless if you do or you don't, you don't know a lot about overheads. Maybe, maybe you manage managing a cute little budget, but outside of that budget you don't know nothing else. You just know the money that was given to you. You don't know how it got there.


You don't know where it's coming from. The next quarter, the next turn, like none of that. You go, you do what you do and you go home when things mess up, it might internally be on you, but in the public, it's on that business. When you become an entrepreneur, all of that flips sometimes it is the most nerve wracking thing ever to be the face of anything. And on top of it, you got the business on the back end. So when she's saying, you know, it's like a marriage when you, you bring in partners, I feel like that even about team members, people talk about marriage in a way of like, okay, like I don't know about y'all, but I don't believe in divorce. I feel like if we together, we gonna figure this out, we gonna work through what we need to work through because I am very confident in myself that the person that I choose to marry is going to be of quality and of, you know, just that cloth of like, we're gonna grow together.


It's going to make sense, we'll get to where we need to get to. It's not gonna be perfect all the time, but we'll get there. Those are the type of things and the type of people that I look for in business. Can we grow together? Are you willing to be taught? Are you teachable? Do you wanna learn? What do you bring to the table? Are you teaching me? Can you level things up? Can you hit the ground running? But one of the biggest things that I heard her say was there was a level of like ego and shame. She was trying so hard. She's swimming, swimming, swimming, swimming, swimming. And eventually she starts drowning and she don't wanna admit it to nobody. So she's doing everything she can to save this business, y'all. And it's not working, it's not working. And I was a like, it's been so many different times where like I've been so prideful that like you get to a point where you, you you wasting money, you wasting time, you ain't getting no sleep for real.


And there's so much that you have to learn from this. One of the the smartest things I heard her say on here was that her and her husband, her husband is named Derek Hayes. He has a cheese steak restaurant and like they, it's like a fleet of trucks and different things in Atlanta. And one of the things that she said was they're creating Hayes Hospitality Group now in this hospitality group, their plan is to bring together a bunch of different business owners within the same conglomerates that they are in, that they're involved in and use each other's resources. So, you know, we all go in on certain things, we all put up money for certain things we that's making overhead cheaper. That's making it where eventually Hayes Hospitality will have all of these resources so other businesses can come to them and grow.


And y'all, y'all, when I say we as black people get in our own way so much about us growing, what she's talking about doing is exactly what LVMH does for a fent. What a lot of these like labelers do for these brands when they, they, when they level them up, they give them the resources, they connect them with other brands, they give them money and backing and just a home to deconstruct the business, build it back up again and up it up it from level one and like five. We don't have a lot, we not don't even have a lot of that. We don't, I not that I know we don't have that at all. So when a Jay-Z goes and he sells a title or you know, these hair brands that y'all get mad at when they sell part of the company and things of that nature because they wanna level up and you guys get upset about it, the reason why they do this is because they need these resources.


Like what she's talking about creating is amazing and they need it. They need it to sustain everything about what she's saying. It pulled off, well she already brought the business back, but Hayes Hospitality Group, it pulled off. Well this could be the answer to so many people's problems, especially that capitalism conversation because I remember, I forget what Jay-Z was doing, it's always Jay-Z though. Y'all love giving Jay-Z shit about being a capitalist. And I, it's nothing wrong with capitalism. The the, the issue with capitalism is that we don't all have a hand in it. And I get that. I feel like anything that's very scarce to a certain group of people always looks like something bad. Whether you're black, white, red, yellow, I get it.


But there's nothing wrong with taking something that you made, that you created, putting money, resources, and support around it and making it bigger. That's what you're supposed to do. Like literally there's no point in running around being a face kissing the babies and doing all this. I'm not on here yelling at y'all about this for no reason because I'm gonna do it my own self. Y'all can call me what y'all wanna call me, but I've been caught everything under the sun. But I'm trying to tell y'all when I get to a certain point in business, when y'all start calling me a sellout and a capitalist chef's kiss, but I appreciate what she's doing. So make sure y'all go and check out the Earn Your Leisure. Sit down with Pinky Cole. I thought that it was so informative. Well guys, after we run through the latest, we always hit the streets for the tweet you for the tweets.


We outside, we outside. We outside. Outside Every other page. Our goal. So today there was a video that Art of Dialogue posted of Wallo Wallo is at a speaking event. And if you, if you're not familiar with Wallo 2 6 7, he is a motivational speaker. Now New York Times bestselling author, he was locked up for, it was, I don't even know how many years, like double digits. He came home, figured it out through social media and built this whole empire of inspiration, conversation and podcasting. So Wallo speaking to the people and he's given like some real game. He was locked up for 20 years. He's given some real game about supporting black business and why he doesn't just support a black business because it's black. Let's take a listen Us.


Oh I'm black, no black people. Nobody gives a fuck about that. Kill that shit. If you got a good business or you don't all that shit, don't nobody want to hear that shit. That's a hustle. Support me because I got a black business. Is your restaurant clean? Is the food good? Do you got consistent cooks? Is the material on your shit good? Stop doing that. Oh, you support the white people. No, I support consistency baby. So let me Just say, while I was one of my favorite people in The World, when he talks to you, he talks to you with so much intention and so much like he sees it for you. Now, whether you take it or not, up to you, this video is going viral right now because a lot of people feel what he's saying, but there are a lot of people who are not happy with what he's saying.


And when I retweeted this, I say, yo, I feel every word he's saying and I'm a business owner. Now people are upset because they're like, well Wallo, that's not fair. You as a person that did 20 something years in jail from the city of Philadelphia that had to work to get yourself together, should understand that we don't come with we don't, we, we not equipped with the same resources, bro. It's not fair that the the playing field is not fair. Let me tell y'all something I come from the house of, none of that even matters 'cause ain't nobody coming to save you. Wallo is now New York Times bestseller. He is a million dollar podcaster and he is one of the biggest, most inspirational voices I would say in the country right now.


And it goes and it spans not just with black communities. I, yes he speaks to us, but there's people are invested in this man in his life and he did it with 20 years coming home record all of that. He figured it out. Nobody's coming to save you. You know, today we talked about a lot of times we just talked about it, Tyra Banks. And I'm emotionally tied to the bodyguard I am. I feel like as a community we are, we talked about Pinky Cole and just, you know, building business and being so emotionally tied to a business that you don't even wanna admit when you messing up, you wanna act like it's not happening. Wall Wallo gonna give you game. But like the way he summarizes life is just so eloquent and so beautiful, even though it's not, he done said a couple curse words and yelled at us and everything.


But what he's saying is that you cannot, there's the emotion of things, the look of things it can't overpower realistically what is happening. Realistically tell if don't mean to be in no damn bodyguard movie. Somebody out there right now who is tied to what Pinky Cole is building with Slutty Vegan is like, yo, I'm so happy she was honest about that. I know I am. 'cause now I can be better in business. Somebody out there is listening to Wallo and being like, yo, look, he right. Am I black owned business? I need to start relying on the fact that I'm black owned and supporting black people or, or expecting black people to support me no matter whether it's good or it's bad. We all look as levels change. We talked about this. New levels, new levels, things change, things transition. Ain't nobody coming to save you.


Figure it out. This has been another episode of the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I am your home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody. And at the end of the day, like I always tell y'all, y'all could be anywhere talking about all these things with anybody, but y'all are right here with me and every single time you choose to do so. I appreciate you guys so much. Now the next episode after this one will be a bonus episode because again, we'll be in live conversation with Charlemagne, celebrating and talking about the podcast and what to expect and all those good things. So make sure you listening to that and then we'll be back again with a regular episode. But thanks for tuning in y'all. I'll see you in my next episode and when you're listening to this, tweet me, Instagram me screenshot it.


Let me know you, you tuned in.