
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast, and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the Black effect marketplace with black owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Let's, let's get,


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody Exclusive, You know, you gonna lie about that, right? Lauren Came in hot. So welcome back. This is the latest with Lauren La I am your host, Lauren la I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody. And on this show, y'all know that this is y'all daily dig into everything, pop culture and all of the conversations that shake the room. Now y'all know that we like to kick this off with the check-in, but before we do that, we have some guests in the room today outside of Patrick and his WDAS voice. So I want them to introduce themselves to you guys on the podcast. They're first time podcasters with me, but they do this for real.


So first guest up, talk to the audience. It can Be you. What's going on y'all? It's your man, Chuck Creeker, AKA jigsaw, Delaware in the house. CEO of all hiphop.com. Yes, y'all. So the studio that we've been shooting out, Wanda has been letting me shoot in here. Me and Patrick, we've been in here just figuring things out. So we really appreciate you and all hip hop. Y'all know y'all support my content all the time. Of course. In hometown, they from Delaware as well. That's right. So today we are going to do things a bit differently, although they will feel the same. There is a lot happening literally right now in the news regarding Shannon Sharp. So we're gonna talk there for the show today. And because we have guests, I wanna make sure that they get, you know, their time and their opinions in.


So that'll be the only topic that we cover. But before we get to all of that madness, how y'all feeling? How's everybody's day? How has, how, how are you for real? Like we, when we ask that this is, you know, the behind the scenes of the grind, check-in, Back on the grind. That's a, that's a deep question. I, I don't know if I can answer that right now, but, you know, we've been rocking for a minute, me and Wanda and Pat, and we've been on this track for a long time. Yeah, that said, that said, I ran six miles yesterday. I'm training for a half marathon in the fall, so I'm really getting my endurance up for life as well as running.


So I'm good. Is it true that y'all really use the bathroom on yourselves at the end of the marathons? You ever heard that? No. I actually ran a full marathon And I had to do the, the use the bathroom in the middle of the marathon. And that is no fun at all. Yeah, They be saying, y'all use the bathroom on yourselves when y'all running up. Nah, nah, nah, nah. No. Not your boy. No, not me. Wonder what about you? How you feeling today? I'm feeling good. New York. The weather's finally breaking. You know, the Energy is good. Everybody's here. We woke up this morning, we got the cameras rolling, everything's lovely. Got no complaints. I love that. No complaints. That's a first. We all, Oh, you be complaining, what's your sign?


We all got our complaints, but, you know, at the end of the day, life is good, man. Every day is another Blessing. What's your sign? Wonder? I'm a Taurus, my brother. Okay. Yeah. Y'all complain and y'all very stubborn. Very stubborn. What? Yeah. Yeah. I dated, I dated a Taurus Solid. Yes. Very solid, loyal people. All the tourists that I know are very solid, very loyal. But once y'all stuck on something, baby, y'all are stuck. Okay. Stuck. And it's up. Well, it is really nice in New York today it is like 80 degrees outside. So I'm feeling great, I'm feeling energized and I'm actually excited to have guests today for this topic, especially male guests, because I think a lot of times I'm in here talking.


Patrick never interrupts me. He never, he just let me go. I be rambling. Yep. Yes. But I think on a topic like this, where we're talking about Shannon Sharp and, and you know, everything that's surrounding him right now with the sexual assault and rape allegations, I'm excited to have a male perspective or male perspectives on the show. So let's get on into the latest. You know, you girl, love to take y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. Now, the latest with Shannon Sharp, there is a, a ton of things. As I was preparing to be on my way here to the studio, Shannon Sharp actually spoke out on everything that is happening. Again, he released a written statement a day or so ago, but he released a video today.


Before we get to the video, I wanna play an audio that was released by TMZ. Literally, I would say maybe 15 minutes before Shannon Sharp posted his video statement. Let's take a listen to this audio that TMZ released of Shannon Sharp. I don't know anything I say, you're just gonna like get mad at and you're just gonna hang up on me. So I feel like I'm not gonna hang up on you. What, What, what does that even mean? Nothing. Gabby, you wanna be addicted to me now, so I don't wanna be, don't manipulate me. I know that. Mercy, if you said that one one more time, I'm gonna fucking choke the shit outta you when I see you.


Well, I don't want to be choked. Yes, you do. At the end of that audio, he says, I don't think you have a choice in the matter. Now, that audio was released for some background context this morning when I was reporting the story on Breakfast Club. If you guys have went and listened to those clips, you will remember this. If not, I'm going to briefly just talk about what we talked about here, because it adds context to why this audio was released. So last night I had reached out to Tony Busby, who is the attorney for the alleged victim, And I said to him, Hey, there is this statement now from Shannon Sharp in the statement. He directly names the woman.


The woman when she filed the lawsuit was listed as a Jane Doe. We talked about on that, on yesterday's episode, right? So normally when you're listed as a Jane Doe, it is done for multiple reasons. It's of course to protect your identity. Normally in high profile cases like this is because the woman is saying, Hey, I don't want people to know who I am because I don't want retaliation. It, it, it'll get publicized. Like, I don't wanna be a, a focal point of the media or of conversation. I just wanna file my claim and go about my business. You do have people that feel like if a person is suing someone for something as serious as sexual assault, rape, whatever the case may be, a Jane Doe should not be allowed. A lot of times in these cases, like we've seen it in Puff's case, in other cases, the person that the accusations are being thrown on will go to court and say, yo, judge, this person's identity need to be revealed.


The judge will determine that, right? But a judge determines that. When Shannon Sharp released his statement in response to all of the allegations, just the overall lawsuit being filed Monday, he revealed this woman's name. In that statement. When I saw that, I said, oh, her attorneys, he kind of just like played into their hand a little bit And I don't know why and what the thinking was behind that. But that is, in my opinion, if I was an, an attorney for a Shannon Sharp, a high profile, you know, ex NFL Hall of Famer at the height of his career, I would not put a woman's name out there. I would allow a judge to make that decision. But it was done. So once that was done, I reached out And I said, Hey attorney Busby, I have a couple questions.


Number one, the time of this is odd, you can't ignore that. People feel like the a hundred million dollar podcast deal conversation happened. And then boom, here comes a sexual assault. What's up with that? He said to me, we have been negotiating, not negotiating. We had been in conversation with Shannon Sharp's legal team since February. There was Emini like mediation conversation that had happened. Tony Busby says that Shannon Sharp threw money their way, that the woman in question did not accept the offer and she moved forward with filing a lawsuit. I also asked, now I will say Shannon Sharp's attorney said that that is not true, that it didn't go that way. I also asked him, you know, what was their response to now her identity being out there because they originally filed a Jane Doe.


You could tell that Tony Busby was not happy with that whatsoever. There was also a video that Shannon Sharp talked about in his statement where he said, Hey, there's this video, the video may come out, the video is going to be edited. According to what he's saying, he's alleging that the video is edited in a way to make whatever sexual act they were involved in look non-consensual when it was consensual. He admits that there are things that they would do while having sex with each other that were asked from this woman, but it was all consensual. But these are things I'm assuming is maybe like role play, stuff like that, that can be, if taken outta context, it'll look crazy. So he kind of was given like a fore warning. And he says that that video was presented to him in this conversation, this meeting that his attorneys had, and it was used as blackmail.


These are his words, it was used as blackmail. And he was like, we not gonna stand for this. Right? Fast forward to today. This morning I was able to speak to Shannon Sharp's, attorney, Shannon Sharp's attorney, then let me know a few things. He said that number one, yes, Shannon Sharp's prior attorneys did see this video and, but they do not believe they saw the video in full. Shannon Sharp did not see the video, but the attorneys, from what this new attorney is saying to me, they asked for the full video to be able to take it. They wanted to take it to an expert to make sure that it was full and in full context. And they were told, no, you cannot receive this full video. That is what they're alleging that Tony Busby said to them.


They're also saying that that whole mediation sit down conversation that happened because Tony Busby approached them to do so and they asked for a certain amount of money. He told me that it was a thousand thousand, that it was millions of dollars. And that at the time Shannon Sharp said, no, like we're not doing this. This is a shakedown. I'm not gonna lean into this, we'll handle this in another way. But Shannon Sharp's team, they're standing on, you know, the statement that they released saying that he's innocent. They also said that they put out, you know, they put out these text messages because they wanted to show there was a consensual sexual relationship between Shannon Sharp and this girl and that was it.


And that everything that is being put out, they're alleging. Everything that Tony Busby is putting out is being misconstrued purposely and mislead and, and it's misleading purposely. Now, fast forward to today, Busby said to me in an email, I'm not trying this case in the press, we released this only because Sharp's lawyer chose to attempt to discredit and docs Jane Doe by releasing multiple texts with no context did they release the entirety of the text surrounding the ones from yesterday. The audio is very clear of the situation. It speaks for itself, period. And that is all he said to me. So obviously, And I, And I could tell by Busby's Tone, when I reached out for a response to Shannon Sharp's statement, which included those sex messages, that they were pissed off, he has said to me that there was some sort of agreement where they all agreed that certain things would not be released.


That's why they didn't even mention this particular video that Shannon Sharp is now addressing in their filing. They do talk about this woman feeling like, or saying that she allegedly was recorded and it was against her, like will, but that was it. They didn't mention anything else. Now there is a video that Shannon Sharp also just posted to his Instagram and he is speaking not to the audio, although this was released after the audio. He's speaking to a video that he's saying will probably be released. Next, let's take a listen. Friends, supportive and colleagues, I want to speak to you directly and from the heart. This is a shake out. I'm gonna be open, transparent, and defend myself because this isn't right.


This is all being orchestrated by Tony Busby, who is targeted Jay-Z. Tony Busby targets black men And I believe he's going to release a 32nd clip of a sex tape that tries to make me look guilty and play into every stereotype you could possibly imagine. He does not address the audio in that video. Now, I don't know if that's because this video was recorded before the audio dropped. I also reached out to Shannon Sharp's attorney, who I've been talking to all morning, trying to get a direct quote in response to that audio. And I did not get anything back. But then this video was posted. Shannon Sharp mentions his career and this video question to the room, what do y'all think is about to happen career wise?


It's gonna be a tough fight because the way that audio sounds Emini here, although choking is something that takes place in certain settings, you know, some people like it, but the way it sounds, it doesn't sound good. It almost sounds like a punishment. It doesn't sound like it's part of what they do when they're, you know, pleasuring each other. It sounds more like a punishment. So I don't know how he's gonna fight that. I don't know what the rest of the audio sounds like, but the way it's looking now doesn't sound good, especially considering the age difference. I think that's the biggest issue is that he's so much older than her. Right? So it just makes it look like she's powerless.


Yeah. And she sounds powerless. So There's definitely a power dynamic. Oh, a Hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Emini here. I think it sounds bad as well, but I do, I do feel that it's manipulative to only release that short of a clip. Clearly they are driving the, the perception right now. The narrative. Yep. The narrative. Exactly. And so I think it's still up in the air Emini here. Tony Busby is, you know, a nefarious name. A nefarious name right now at this point it was filed in Nevada and so I think there's a lot of context that we're kind of glo glossing over right now.


So, but on a personal, more personal level, I think that Shannon Sharp has to smarten up. I think he has to use more discernment if you're into that type of thing. There are certainly professionals that can help you get off, if you will, and handle your personal business in a way that's far more discreet. And I think that he has to move and shake in this world, like someone that knows what they're doing. He's old enough, he's a big old age, what, 56 now? Yeah, yeah, he's 56. Yeah, I think that he has to move much more, much different. And then what you mentioned, you know, the timing of it all, obviously Sure.


They've been talking and he's been paid so that that doesn't, it doesn't like somehow not line up now because this new deal came through. Yeah, he's been had money. Yeah, for sure. I, I just, for me, I'm just a little confused because I feel like whenever I see situations like this, it's just why do you get that much trust to somebody, right? Like facts, like, but granted background info And I think people are the, you said there's a lot that being glossed over. I think the age situation and how that power, power dynamic is gonna play into how it's gonna make him look, which I'll tell y'all, they open this lawsuit saying like a powerful man, he is a wealthy man, he is 50 years old, I'm sorry, 30 years older than this woman at, at, at minimum they know exactly what they're playing into, right?


But there was a two year relationship, it was, it seems like it was very rocky, explosive or whatever. According to the woman, according to Shannon Sharp it was consensual. But even in that time, I just think even if I'm trusting you a bit, like the fact that he said show the full video because I don't have it. Oh no. If that video is something that's consensual and it's whatever, we both got that I need to be able to come out swinging just in case. Like I think we ain't no video airdrop me that I need talking about Airdrop me that before you fall asleep. Come on, send that on over. Like it's just certain things that I think and certain precautions I think he should have taken. I do know in this doc Tony Busby, like when they filed it said that he had asked this girl on two separate occasions to sign an NDA, but he kind of just like let it go.


The first time was in the beginning and it was another time like during the course of their relationship and he just like went with it. So Ga what do you call her, Gabby from OnlyFans. She, she had a little hold on Uncle Shehe, Right? Look to answer the question. I think his career is on the line. Unfortunately, I feel like first take Disney has let people go for less. So I think his a hundred million dollar deal, depending on how this shapes up, is definitely on the line. The a hundred million dollars is, is is a separate situation. That was a podcast situation he trying to do for Club Sheha. He ain't negotiating a dang thing at this point, like, and won't be able to do that for a while until all of this clears. And even if, even if he had, like at this point right now, if he decides to settle and just, alright, let's just, you know what Emini here, it's out there now.


So now you still gotta speak to, you still gotta explain it. That's on the podcast side that he, he gonna have to figure something out over there independently something unless brands decide to sit by him. And I don't, I'm a little confused public opinion wise because it's like, I think people are naturally swaying with the, it's attorney Busby who just went through all of this muddy water with Jay-Z and that puffy case and you know, things getting dismissed or whatever. But then you hear this audio and the audio, it's not the full audio. So we all like, well wait, we're the fool. But what you hear it's like, is this role play? But then she's talking about she being manipulated. It's like what is happening right now? And that's just the podcast stuff, right? And the feelings there, but then you have the network stuff. I don't know, I would not be surprised if we see a statement in the next 24 hours from ESPN Disney saying, Hey, we're just gonna suspend such and such until we figure out what's happening.


Can We go back to the Stewart Stewart Scott days of commentators? Like we, I don't want to see a sex tape from Shannon Sharp. I don't want to even know it exists child Just feel like ever since that Instagram live and, and he just been talking so crazy, he talking about the young girls and the right, the point that he's at in his career and at his age. It's just certain things. I don't wanna hear from him. To me, I look at him as like, you've been doing this for so long and you have so much bank and so much bread. It's like you're a coveted, you know what Emini here, like you're coveted in sports. You're supposed to be a coveted voice. Even the interviews he had started to do, I think that's why they were getting in touch the pushback that they were because it's like, yo, what are you doing? You not 34, right? You're 50 something years old talking to these young artists.


The conversation should have more substance and more depth to it. No, I totally agree. And I've studied Shannon for a long time. I know his one time producer, I don't know if it's still his producer, a younger, younger guy too. And I appreciated how they were moving because they were shaking things up. They were disrupting. But in this day and age, I think that you have to take both sides of that coin, how that looks on both sides, right? Some of these things, they all flow into the same bucket. You don't get a hundred million dollar deal because you just reported the facts. A lot of it comes with the controversy. A lot of it comes with the, the extras, you know?


And ultimately those people are, are oftentimes rewarded for bringing the drama and the attention in this cluster we call media now. Yeah, It's some things you better find out, I guess, about if this tape does leak. The only thing with that though is I don't see them leaking the tape or giving the tape because their client is in it. Like this young woman is in the tape engaging in these activities as well. An alleged Drape An alleged Well, well, I was gonna say, so it's, it's twofold. So it's, if the tape is what Shannon Sharp originally is saying that it is, which is a consensual sexual act where they, you know, do different things at the, you know, request of the, of this woman, she's in the, in the video and no woman wants to have to put what she's doing in her bedroom on a tmz.com or you know, a breakfast club or wherever.


Right? But if it's not consensual and what they have does show physical violence or you know, alleged rape or whatever. I don't think that a victim of something wants it to be plastered around, is the point that I'm trying to make. But I have A question for you. What about the police? What about filing a police report? The statute of limitations hasn't expired on this case, right? Very true. So why wouldn't they file charges before filing a civil suit? I can't answer that. I have no, no answer to that. I don't know. It's an unfortunate situation to see anybody in. But we you were saying this earlier, it just happened so fast. Yeah, it's like one day a hundred million dollar podcast negotiation conversation and reports.


The next day we're talking about is this, you know, man and a alleged rapist or not, which is a heavy allegation to have on your mason. This is typically the part where, you know, as we're closing the show, we always like to, we have a really big community here on the latest with Lauren, the rose of the podcast. And our community is called the Low Riders. 'cause they be riding hard for me. They be going in riding hard for me. But we take it outside to the streets. I love to take y'all outside to the streets and the tweets, which is where we just get online and see what are people talking about and how are they talking about this? You for the tweets? We outside, we outside. We outside outside Tweet every other page. Our goal. So I had tweeted a bunch of different exclusive conversations that I've had with, you know, both attorneys, Tony Busby, the attorney for the accuser, and Shannon Sharp's legal counsel as well.


And here are just a few tweets that happened in response to the information I tweeted out. So Ja Thomas 24 said, there's nothing illegal about him being a freaky a nega. That's how he spelled it. But that's besides the point. Busby is a known liar and seems to always be behind these cases after an athlete or entertainer gets a big payday. Another low rider said her name is Tree Threat. She said believe all women or whatever. But publicizing all this now feels like the volume wants to keep him in, scare away other media outlets. So Tree three threat is saying that, okay, so you're supposed to believe all women, but at this point, because all of this is being publicized, she's saying that it feels like kind of like a, an attack between the media company that Shannon Sharp was at trying to keep him and scare away other media companies because he was supposed to be doing this other deal.


Then she says, on the other hand, why would anyone field offers if they know he's been in a mediation regarding an assault since February? Somebody's lying. I doubt that he shared that he had been in this mediation or this conversation since February. Now the last tweet, Kay and McCorkle says, I agree timing of this is horrible for Shannon. Whether he's guilty or not, he should have tried to settle this one. I get why he didn't wanna do it though, but based on the recording, things can get bad quick in terms of public opinion, it's a sad situation for sure. I kind of said this earlier, I I feel like maybe he should have just settled out and, and just let it all go away and had these NDAs and things that people agreed to and just went on about his business.


You know what Emini here, I wanna hold it out for Shannon Sharp that, you know, we gotta wait until this goes further. He is innocent until proven guilty, but there are these claims out there, so we gotta consider both sides of it. Okay? Okay. Lauren, what are we taking away from this episode? From this episode I'm taking away that, you know, in all my consensual relationships airdrop me that video. I need to have my own proof airdrop me that video right now. And I ain't deleting no threads. Don't play with me. What y'all taking away from this episode? Don't record at all because You don't know how to airdrop. I Know how to airdrop. Don't play with me. So you basically saying you be recording. That's what you saying.


What I'm saying is, is that when you're intimate with somebody, you years in with somebody. If you choose to do that, cool. But I just need to know that I always got my own back. I, I honestly though feel like for me as a woman, I'm not doing all that with somebody that I even have to think would even do things like this. But it's a scary time. You just never know. What about you Wanda Emini Here. I was gonna say the NDAs Emini here, I know they don't really hold as much weight, but it shows some type of consent, you know what I'm saying? Whereas something like this is just, he has nothing to defend himself to say that, well, this is something that we've both been doing and we know that this is what we're gonna do and this is our relationship.


Right. You know, so, and Emini here, you can't beat the age difference. You know, that, that, that is what kind of makes it really look bad. If she was in her thirties or something, maybe even in her twenties, but teens, Well she was 1960 and he was dealing with her early twenties. So yeah, Emini here. I'm not saying that's good. I'm just saying you talking about twenties, she was, she eventually turned 20. Right. But to be 19, To take her out for first legal drink is crazy. Right. And then it's just like, you know, it's, you kind of like, what do you expect? Almost, you know what, Emini here. Aw. Yeah. Yeah. Well thank you guys for joining me today. Thanks for having I've, I've enjoyed the conversation.


These are, y'all are first like guests outside of my mom. I'm so, so proud to be on your Show. So I appreciate you guys so, so much. Let the people know where they can find all of y'all stuff. You can reach me at all hip hop, COM, all hip hop com or at Chuck Creek, me, C-R-E-E-K-M-U-R, everywhere. And I'm DJ boy Oneda, DJ, B-O-Y-W-O-N-D-A on all platforms. And you could also follow One World Studio so you can kind of get an idea of what goes on in here. One world, WON One World Studios at everything. Well y'all, this has been another episode of the latest with Lauren La Rosa. And at the end of the day, I tell y'all this every single day.


Y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about this stuff, but y'all are right here with me And I appreciate you guys always. I'm Lauren la, the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, I'm signing out. I'll see you in my next episode.