
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Never settle unless it's into the electrifying. BMWI four. Blend the lines of cutting edge in classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 BMWI four. Visit bmw centers.com today for exceptional offers on the all electric BMWI four.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career, and you want an education, employer's respect, so you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know, like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hours. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways, and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Welcome to Money and Wealth with John Hope Bryant, a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. And iHeartRadio Yoyo. This is John Hope Bryant. And this is the Money in Wealth podcast series on iHeartRadio on the Black Effect Network. So here we go. Today's episode, ai, artificial intelligence for all of us navigating the pain and the opportunity of a changing world. AI is sort of like the electricity of our time, powering everything, transforming industries and altering how we live and how we work for communities already on the edge. This change could feel like a tsunami unless we act with intention.


Now, that sounded like me, right? That, that that sounded just like I said it and wrote it, right? Actually, that was AI acting like me. I asked, Hey, why? To give me an opening line that sounded like John O'Brien. And there you go. This world is about to fundamentally change. Let me break this down of how I got into this situation. My friend, my brother, van Jones said, this might be the ultimate leveler, by the way. He said, 99% of black folks don't know a thing about ai. Really pause. But 99% of white folks don't know a thing about AI either.


Pause that we are all starting, we the first time with a technology at the same place lost, but convinced that everything is going to change all at once, and they're completely right. By 2030, the world's gonna change, as you know it. You heard it here. I didn't say 2050. I didn't say 2080. Within six years time, five years time, actually. Now, 2025, The World as you know, it is gonna fundamentally shift and it's shifting underneath your feet right now.


And I'm gonna explain some of that to you. How did I get into this? Because my obsession, as you know, as I've been saying, the financial literacy is a civil rights issue of this generation. I think if Dr. King, God rest his soul, and we just celebrated his birthday, if God, if, if Dr. King was alive today, he'd be passionate about things like financial literacy as a leveler is as important, I believe, as the right to vote. I've been on, I've been on this mission at Operation Hope with Operation Hope and Financial Literacy and all that comes from it. And through it, I've been on this thing for 32 years. It was the largest financial literacy coaching organization in America.


$4.5 billion invested in communities, 4 million plus clients, 1500 offices doing financial coaching. You know, advised three US presidents from both parties recognized by five known nine, you know, just leaning in on everything from financial coaching on the workplace to financial literacy in schools, children, bank accounts for kids without Mayor Andre Dickens in the city of Atlanta City Council for every kid in kindergarten kids accounts in Atlanta. The work we we're doing with major employers like Delta Airlines and UPS and the Walmart co-chairing of financial literacy for all the CEO, Doug McMillan, the the book, financial Literacy for all our work in the Disaster.


We're going to California, just my heart goes out to everybody affected by the, the, the fires and particularly the communities in Altadena, where a lot of black wealth was lost. I'm passionate about this issue, hope Inside Disaster, our work with fema, creating emergency financial first aid kit, it goes on and on. Freedman's Bank, you've all heard me go on and on and on, and nothing gets me unfocused, nothing gets me off message. And I get a call from a friend named Sam Altman a few years ago, couple, three years ago at this point. And when I went to go see him in his office in San Francisco on one of my trips there, because I'm just nosy, I didn't wanna see what he was doing.


And he opened up his laptop and he showed me a, a prototype for something that really at that point was not in the market, in, in the marketplace. I don't even think it was released. And it was what we now call chat. GPT is open ai. I didn't really know what I was seeing at the MO at that moment. I just knew it was transformational. He asked me my advice. I said, you make sure that you introduce this technology. Well, first of all, thanks for asking me for my advice, Sam, but most people don't who are geniuses. I just think they know everything. But he knows that it, the smartest people in The World can be so hyperfocused. You can have a blind spot. And a lot of tech leaders have a blind spot called people. He didn't wanna be one of those people who had a blind spot. What should I do?


Make sure you're talking to underserved communities when you go on tour to talk this in to the country and The World. Go make sure you go on underserved communities, John, when you do it with me. Absolutely. Get a call from his office. Sorry, Sam won't be able to do the underserved tour. He's international right now. I text Sam directly. I'm like, no, brother, you're not doing it for me. You're doing it for yourself. You need to, you may need to make sure you go to these communities. He said, let mer let me think about it. I know weeks pass by and then I get a call from him outta the blue in the middle of the night. I think it was, it was I think close to midnight because I remember I made a call after that to the East Coast to the president of Clark Atlanta University, Dr. George French. And it was probably two in the morning there. So it was 11, maybe close to midnight.


I get this call, Hey man, I have to go to the White House to meet with President Biden on my work, et cetera. It it, you know, two, three days I think it was, can I come to you think I can come to Atlanta after that and have you host a meeting to have this conversation? The only thing I had to say was, yes, with no time and no idea I was gonna do it. I hung the phone from, from him and called Dr. George French, his clock Atlanta, where I'm on the board, Dr. Dr. French said absolutely. And three days later, we had Doc Sam Altman from the White House to our house in Atlanta for this conversation. The king family's in the house.


My friend Dr. Bernice King is actually on the board of, of AI ethics Council. Now, I'll get to that in a second. The king family's in the house, young families in the house, all the HBCU presidents, Morehouse Spelman, Dr. Thomas, and then Dr. Halene Gale, who was president of Spelman at that time, and Dr. Thomas Morehouse and heroes and sheroes everywhere. And I was terrified, absolutely terrified about what I was hearing. And Sam, are there any unintended consequences that could come from this answer? Yes, I know that we'll probably cure cancer within 10 years, but something bad may also happen. And I can't tell you what that is.


And I, And I respected it as honesty. And so I knew at that point that I had to change my agenda to, it wasn't replacing financial literacy. I had to move it over to include what I now call AI literacy. Literacy, artificial intelligence. Financial literacy is a civil rights issue of this generation and AI literacy as the civil rights issue of this generation moving us from the streets to the suites. And so soon after that, we, we, Sam came to the Hope Global Forum. We announced artificial AI ethics council on stage together, and within a year we had a plan that we had a, a board put together a lot of heroes and sheroes that you respect on that board.


I don't wanna take up valuable time here going through a resume list, but it's a lot of incredible leaders on that board. And then we just announced something powerful with Georgia State University and, and the mayor here at Andre Dickens called the AI LP three AI Literacy Project here in, in Atlanta. Now, all this, you're saying, okay, John, this is a nice story, but what you told me, this is gonna change everything. I don't, I don't see it yet. Here you go. Two lenses, the anticipated pain, job losses, and societal disruption. Number two, the opportunity.


New industries and jobs emerging in the AI driven economy. That's why, by the way, we've done a ILP three with Georgia State University, with Morehouse, with Clark Atlanta, Spelman, the mayor's office here, because we are gonna train up a whole new generation of kids from kindergarten with the bank account in kindergarten all the way up through high school, middle school, high school and college in Atlanta as an ecosystem to create a farm club for the future and create our own jobs. Don't way somebody disruptive out of a job, destroy it. Let's create our own jobs and, and anticipate the pain and replace it with promise. Now, let's now get to the pain and why you have to listen to this.


Why you tell all your friends to listen to this. You can go right to minute 10 if you like, and cut to the chase if that's, if you have limited time. Here are industries that will be absolutely disrupted. Manufacturing, dream AI driven robotics are gonna replace roles on assembly lines, including automobile production. An example of this is factories utilizing robots for welding and quality control. Haven't you seen the Amazon drones? Haven't you seen these delivery bots that are, have wheels on it, that robots that are delivering pizzas and things like that and packages?


Haven't you seen Emini here? Really? Drones are really preambles to this. By the way. This stuff is sneaking up on you, by the way, right in front of you. Haven't you seen robots doing welding in factory tours as you looking at, as your TV set? That used to be people, those used to be manual jobs. Now those jobs are automated, okay? So manufacturing's gonna be completely disrupted. These are these, by the way, these are industries now where you need a high school education, needed a high school education that's gone. Now, if you have a high school education and no hustle and no intention in getting a, a better education or skill for their future, you're toast.


It's not love or hate anymore. It's radical indifference. Nobody's gonna care enough about you. They hate you or to care for you. And I don't care whether you're black or white, red, brown, or yellow, you're not gonna see any more green. So the color is not, again, the color, this is not race-based, right? This is going to be talent based and opportunity based and understanding based and hustle based. And in some ways, people who are underserved are gonna be better positions. We've been doing so much with so little so long, we can almost do anything with nothing. And so we got our hustle on 10 when, you know, we wake up paranoid. So we might be able to pivot here, particularly in the creative spaces and make something outta nothing and a rainbow out of the storm because you not cannot have a rainbow without a storm first, can I get an amen? Yes, I'm preaching.


Here's industry number two that will get disrupted. Transportation and logistics, autonomous vehicles and AI optimized logistical systems. Lemme give an example of this. Self-driving trucks and automated warehouse management systems. Now you've already seen self-driving cars being tested, you've already seen self-driving, basically taxis in San Francisco. You've seen these things on television. This, this stuff's real. I was just at CES conference in Las Vegas as a guest of Delta Airlines, my friend Ed Bastian. And the stuff that they have right now is mind blowing in mind, bending around automation of automobiles and the transportation industry, truckers and, and, and Uber drivers and, and not picking on Uber, you know, all the, the driving services, the delivery services, the trans, the major transportation services.


That's one of the top 10 employment sectors in the country. Poof. Gone. Once again, you can do it with a high school education and a minor certification. And now that job's not gonna just completely go away, but it's going to change how that it's not gonna, you're not gonna be driving the car. You're gonna be maybe overseeing a car being driven that overseeing the technology. I'm getting ahead of myself again. Write this stuff down. Here's a big one. If you're black and brown, I want you to look to the left and look to the right of you and see somebody who will not have a job. 'cause the likelihood that somebody that we know is employed in this sector that I'm about to mention is everything retail and customer service.


So AI managing inventory, self checkout systems and customer interactions is going to be absolutely complete. The takeover is gonna be complete. Think about an Amazon go store, eliminating the need for a cashier. You know what an Amazon ghost store is, Don, okay? I, I did a video on this going my look up, go on my, on my Instagram page and look at the, oh, video I did about five months, six months ago, going through airports. And there was an Amazon go shop that I featured, but you don't need to go that far, that that far. I want you to think about when you went to CBS recently, or you went to Walgreens recently.


In the video per v version of this podcast, I'm going to drop in some photos during the video presentation of me in different places. Most recently in Las Vegas, where it used to be one soul checkout, self checkout situation where you scanned yourself. This last place I went to in Las Vegas three, two weeks ago, a hundred percent of the checkout was, it was 10 checkout stations or self checkouts with one guy overseeing the 10 to make sure that the systems didn't break down and nobody stole anything. That store had a total of, I believe I saw two or three employees.


This was the complete store of Walgreens or CVS. Can't remember which one that store used to have. I don know eight people, okay? On a shift, gone poof, right? Go to a grocery store, And I was in McDonald's, not, I walked past McDonald's in, where was I? I was in Seattle on a layover, And I walked past a McDonald's. I'm not picking a McDonald's. This is everybody. And there literally was 12 again, I'm gonna show a picture of this. 12 checkouts, self checkouts. And there was a place where you picked up your food and, and there were robots on the other side of the, of the customer service person talking to you at the counter handing you your food that was happening to helping to prepare the food.


How many jobs do you think that represented at McDonald's before they automated it? There's a com, there's a restaurant in, I believe it's San Francisco or Oakland, that's 100% robotic, 100% no employees. And I'm told the food's pretty good. It's, they're making, making hamburgers. American Hamburger Shop. Check that on my Instagram page as well. Grocery store used to go to a grocery store and there were 12 checkout counters, and there the nice person was talking to you and there was a line and all this stuff, and you know, she bagged it for you or he bagged it for you. You go to a grocery store. Now, just, just watch this.


Now listen to this and think about this. There's 12 checkout counters. All of 'em are closed except one, maybe two. And where's the line now? In self checkout? Oh, they just, they, they, it's almost like positive hurting, right? You know, you, you put a frog in, you drop a frog in a pot of hot water, it jumps out. But if you put that frog in some water and slowly just increase the temperature, frog never realizes that it's cooking. I don't want you to cook. I want you to learn how to cook. And that means that before somebody zeroes you, nobody, nobody wants to deal with the, the girl with the attitude, right?


The counter, what you want, I want my food. What, what can I do for you? I'm busy. I'm on the phone with my boyfriend. What? What's that to do with me? Like the attitude, right? Nobody, the robot robots and AI don't complain. Don't ask for breaks. Don't, don't ask for time off. Don't ask for raises, right? They don't get tired, they don't get attitude, right? It's consistent. And I'm joking, but I'm


serious. Peace of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me, this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now,


Okay, business leaders, are you playing defense or are you on the offense? Are you just, excuse me. Hey, I'm trying to talk business here. As I was saying, are you here just to play or are you playing to win? If you're in it to win, meet your next MVP NetSuite by Oracle. NetSuite is your full business management system in one suite. With NetSuite, you're running your accounting, your financials, hr, e-commerce, and more, all from your online dashboard. One source of truth means every department's working from the same numbers with no data delays. And with AI embedded throughout, you're automating manual tasks plus getting fast insights for your next move. Whether you're competing on your home turf or looking to conquer international markets, NetSuite helps you get the w. Over 40,000 businesses have already made the move to NetSuite, the number one cloud ERP Right now, get the CFO's guide to AI and machine learning at netsuite.com/stereo. Get this free guide at netsuite.com/stereo.


Okay, guys, Never settle unless it's into the electrifying BMWI four. Blend the lines of cutting edge in classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 B BMW I four. Visit Bmw centers.com today for exceptional offers on the all electric BMWI four.


Trust isn't just earned, it's demanded. Whether you're a startup founder, navigating your first audit, or a seasoned security professional scaling your GRC program, proving your commitment to security has never been more critical or more complex. That's where Vanta comes in. Businesses use Vanta to establish trust by automating compliance needs. Over 35 frameworks like SOC two and ISO 27 0 0 1, centralized security workflows, complete questionnaires up to five times faster and proactively manage vendor risk. Vanta can help you start or scale your security program by connecting you with auditors and experts to conduct your audit and set up your security program quickly. Plus, with automation and AI throughout the platform, Vanta gives you time back so you can focus on building your company. Join over 9,000 global companies like Atlassian, Quora, and Factory who use Vanta to manage risk and prove security in real time. For a limited time, our audience gets $1,000 off. Vanta at vanta.com/special. That's VANT a.com/special for $1,000 off.


This is completely serious. All those jobs, poof. Gone. That's a high school education and no soft skill requirements and, and very little hard skill requirements, right, is, is in, you know, you don't need a degree or a certification to do it. Okay? That job gone. Number four, food service and hospitality. I've touched on this a little bit, but let me be very specific. Robotic kitchens and self-service kiosk, think about flippy, the burger flipping robot, the AI driven reservation system, right? You may be calling an a reservation system right now and thinking you're talking to a human.


It might be artificial intelligence. A this is just mind blowing how transformation. Think about it. This ILP three we're gonna be doing here in Atlanta, we're gonna literally go through air every industry we have these kids. Look, AI and sports, not just sports, AI in football, AI in basketball, AI in baseball, AI and soccer music, AI in rock music. So Emini here, AI and, and engineering, mechanical engineering, AI and automotive AI in, you know, healthcare, AI, and beauty. A why? Because every sector is gonna get disrupted, AI and medical care, healthcare, elder care, and have these kids basically help us imagine jobs of the future, which are gonna replace the jobs being du being dis decimated.


Right? Now, let me give you a, a, a, again, I'm, I, I apologize, I'm not sorry. I apologize for not completing this list yet. I'll get back to it. But this context is more important than the list. I need you to focus on the list. So I'm gonna give you good context. So it's, I scared you, I scare you straight. Remember how the kids went that we sent the services we used to send kids to prison on like a day visit to scare them straight, straight. So they never ended up in prison. Those kids were like, I do, I remember I got scared straight. I stole, I stole some crayons or something when I was nine or 10 years old, 8, 9, 10 years old in Compton. And, and the guys, it was Thrifty's Drugstore back then. The guys who were looking from above pulled me upstairs and closed the door and, and, and showed me some cuff links.


Some cuff links. Showed me some handcuffs and said they were gonna call the police. And I was gonna get a, I was going to jail. Emini here scared that the Jeep outta me. I, I like, if I, if I'm being truthful, I might have wet my pants. They let me outta there And I, I, I swore I was never gonna steal anything again in my life. And I never did. And those guys scared. But Jesus, I, me saved me from, you know, from messing up my whole world. Well, I'm trying to scare you straight. So you create a new world. So from 1850 to 1910, the most valuable thing in the United States was a horse. Horses were everything and everywhere. Transportation, ar agriculture, automo, the ver, that version of automobile horsepower, that's where that came from.


Wealth class, structure, machinery, it, Harris, were everything. And what were one out of 10 jobs in America back then? A farrier, who's somebody who did the changed the hoofs, the on a, on a horse. So I don't know, 40, 50% of the entire economy was horse based from 1850. Why does Atlanta look the way it does? You can't get off the freeway and take a detour because everything turns left right? You can't take a straight detour, not a grid system like New York City. Why is it like that? Because it was based on horse paths. The horses used to, to, you know, you, you took a horse, not over a hill, around a hill.


Well, what happens in Atlanta now? You drive around a hill on a road because they just paved the roads that were, you didn't know that did you were originally horse paths. Well anyway, horses were everywhere, and they were everything. Then the automobile hit in 1901 and there was a hundred automobile manufacturers. Most of 'em went outta business. Henry Ford and a few others survived. Henry Ford created the, the modern middle class by paying his workers enough to buy, to build the automobiles, to buy the automobiles that they were building. Boom, with creation in the middle class. And within 10 years, horses were no more valuable than glue went from the most valuable thing on the planet to invisible, gone poof. And the most valuable thing you could do with horses. And I, I apologize for horse lovers, I'm not, I didn't, I didn't do this.


I'm just reporting this by 1910, the most valuable thing you could do in industry, in business, other than just having a horse as a a hobby, hobby, horse, and no pun intended, was glue. So it went from everything to nothing. Think about Sears being taken out by Amazon, but just times a hundred. Think about block blockbuster being taken out by Netflix, but just time a hundred, right? Well, we're gonna go from that took 60 years from 1850 to 1910. We're talking about from 2004 to 20, 36 years, not 60 years. Poof, everything's going to change top to bottom.


And if you're not at the table, you're on the menu, I want you at the table. So here's sector number five, finance and banking. One of the sectors that I'm in, underwriting loans will be done by artificial intelligence, managing portfolios and detecting fraud will be done by artificial intelligence. All the documentation and all these papers that get pushed around and we sign here and do this and do that, which is, can be messed up with human error and determine risk and a, and assets for a generation and or liability for the bank or the insur or the lawyer doing the paperwork or whatever. All that's gonna be, all that risk is gonna be, be, be squeezed out of the system.


An example of this is roboadvisors like Wealthfront and Betterment. These are, these are robo advisors, AI assisted advisors in the wealth and financial planning space, wealth management, financial planning, space. Number six, legal services. So I'm not just talking about poor people's jobs. These are, these are people with advanced education, right? These jobs are gonna go away or be transformed. Finance and banking, legal services, ai, drafting contracts, conducting research and reviewing documents. Think about tools like do not pay and, and loggings, it's a complete game changer.


Accounting, this is a bonus for you on this one. Accounting. I think, you know, half of all accountants are gonna be, you know, challenged to adapt what they do. Either they adapt with, with by taking, by empowering themselves to control ai, although they'll be replaced by AI because too much of that can be hello, automated, anything can be automated is completely at risk. Again, this is a great level. Whether you're, whether you're black and black or white or rich or poor. This doesn't care. 99% of black folks don't know anything about ai and 99% of white folks dunno anything about AI either. It's like AI for Dummies, And I was the first dummy, and so I'm not calling you a name.


It's what we don't know that we don't know. That's killing. It's what we think we know. It's time to learn. Baby, I'm Quincy Jones, God, rest, soul. How'd you get so smart? I'm just nosy as hell, John. I wanna know everything about everything. I want you to be nosy about ai. Number seven, healthcare administration, automation and billing, scheduling and diagnosis. Hello, what do you see? Black and brown people? Hello? And women do. What jobs do you think we're doing in healthcare administration, right? Think, think about AI powered diagnostic systems like IBM Watson Computer. We'll, we'll do the whole job. Number eight, agriculture, autonomous tractors and drones, monitoring crops you don't need.


It doesn't take a lot of imagination even to, to think about what I'm talking to you about. You can see it in your mind's eye by the way you wanna, I don't get all distracted, but there's a documentary on the next. There's gonna be wars in The World. There might be wars about food and water, and there's a great documentary on that, but I'll, I'll save that, that feature for another day. But it deals with agriculture and this autonomous takeover of, of running a farm. So platforms like Jasper and D-A-L-L-E Dally are going, are going to transform our system in agriculture.


I'm sorry, that's John Deere's AI enabling farming tools. Sorry about that, Jasper. And, and Dollar E is is my next example, which is media and entertainment, AI generating content and editing media. I was drafting a document and needed help and my editing team weren't available and it was late at night and my friend Bishop TD Jakes was like, John, you're a dummy. Like, I thought you were smart. Like, you know, you're a public figure, right? So AI knows who you are. So ask AI to help you because you're a public figure and say, you know, this is John O'Brien and can you help me?


You know, this is the way I think and knows the way, knows how I think I'm a public figure. Can you help me frame out the answer or how to answer this question or how to get me the background for this question I'm trying to answer so I can then, you know, basically finish writing this piece. And so I asked a, a number of questions and it was, and it answered me back the way John o' Bryant would answer. It was scary. It's like, it sounded just like me because it is me. It's not plagiarism. It is me, it is me asking me about me. That's crazy, okay? It's a whole nother thing. Do you know there's is a book, the, the Futurist Faster than You Think, which my friend Van Jones had me read recently.


You should read it. And it talked about how the, you know, it took 200,000 years to get cognitive ability and 200 years to really get this incredible leaps in, in society. And within 20 years is gonna do more than AI's gonna do more. It could cause more change and disruption. And I think mostly positive change than, than all that those years in history combined. It it, and in a practical example of this is the best chess players in The World were beaten by in AI in a very short period of time. And then the computer that beat the chess player in AI had another computer learning from that computer.


It was another AI learning from the AI that beat the best chess player in The World. And within a short period of time, the, the, the, the new AI beat, the first AI in a fraction of the time. See, it's just compounding, compounding, compounding. It's building on itself. Don't, let's not get to the point where we're talking about, well, what happens when AI starts thinking for itself? Well, let's, let's leave that movie and that question, another, you, you, you want me to do another episode on this? You let me know and I'll go to part two. But lemme just get to the, the lemme get to the sweet spot for you, which is the opportunity and which a number, you know, I've already dealt with media and entertainment. Now there'll be opportunities too, because creativity will be, I think one of these unique things that, that might actually be preserved and reimagined by a young generation, but it won't be lazy creativity.


It'll be, it'll be very thoughtful. Creativity and multimedia, possibly too. Number 10, real estate and property management. This is another business I'm in AI for pricing, virtual tours and tenant management. This is like Zillow's AI pricing tools. Zillow's a real estate platform that I use. And virtual tours. You can, again, you can imagine this kind of stuff. You don't, you know, ai, you know, you go to a door and AI confirms through i i technology, I, you know, through sight, through the or or your fingerprints. You know, you, you only, you've got the only fingerprints in The World. Yours are the only in The World.


So when I go to the airport now, it used to take 20, 30 minutes to get through international passport control. And then I got a global entry and it took five minutes, eight minutes to get through passport control. Everybody else is standing in line. And now I get through password control in about two minutes because it looks at my eyes. Nothing else doesn't. I used to scan my passport and all that stuff and wait, and the, and somebody would ask me questions. Now it scans my eyes and it can tell within five seconds or less that I'm one of 8 billion people in The World. That's just me and gives me my approval, confirms it's me. Yes, that's me. And I walk out the door and wave at the, at the, at the police officer, the security officer on the way out.


It's unbelievably accurate. So think about this at the door of, of, of a real estate property you wanna see. So it confirms it's used through fingerprints or through eyes. It gives you access, it talks to you through, through a tour. Emini here just goes on, it goes on, it goes on. So let's talk, talk about societal disruptions, the education gaps, lack of AI literacy in schools, leaving communities unprepared. And of course there's gonna be underserved schools. That's why the a ILP three that we're doing with Georgia State University and the mayor's office here in Atlanta is gonna be a national model in my opinion. So if you guys are interested, your city's interested in that. You can get ahold of my office or get ahold of the mayor's office or Georgia State University School of Business, Dean Phillips' office.


And we, we, we will try to include other cities as we expand the model, we gotta make it work. And then in Atlanta, first, I believe, we'll, by the way, every kid in Atlanta gets Atlanta Hope and it, it gets a hope Child savings account. They're gonna get a, can get financial literacy from that account. And AI literacy, 75% of any kid that has money in account at kindergarten is 75% more likely to graduate from college. Hello? And Citigroup is domicile those accounts for us. By the way,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, Some people like A and others like B at BMW, we prefer X, like the dynamic X three meant for ultimate exploration. The X five built to conquer even the most difficult paths or the pinnacle of comfort and luxury, the X seven. And since every X range vehicle is packed with performance and versatility, you'll always get the best of x, the BMWX range. Your next X venture starts here. Visit bmw centers.com today for exceptional offers on the BMWX three.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Juba


Looking for excitement. Juba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Juba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw group, no purchase necessary void. Word prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.


So you're gonna have mental health and, and social strain. Psychological effects of job loss and societal instability. Emini here, I think half people are depressed right now. I think the vast majority, majority of minorities, particularly African Americans, are depressed right now. Can you imagine what happens? Think poor whites are depressed right now. I think they're, you know, it's whole another conversation, you know, but in how people are acting out on that. But I think they're gonna, that you're gonna just imagine that on steroids, that depression, that that sense of not being valued or valuable economic, you got people lying to them by the way, but it's giving 'em solutions now. Economic disparities, AI adoption, potentially widening the gap between the haves and the have nots.


Again, not somebody hates you, they just don't care about you. I now, I'm just gonna give you an oppor a a positive on this just because I'm trying. I don want you guys to jump off of one, the first floor or one story building, listening to this podcast. If you're, if you're a doctor in a small village in, in rural Africa, a rural Latin America, somewhere a rural Asia, rural somewhere, and you've got, you've got no, you know, no sophistication, no staff. You're gonna have within a couple years the same solutions. Mental brain power as Emory University because you're gonna have artificial intelligence and you'll be to help the help patients in a small village in remote and disconnected from The World to solve problems, extend life, create wellness at the same level that an Emory University would.


Isn't that magical? And then you'll have robotics at a fraction of the cost of what early robotics will cost. You'll have robotics getting down to a cost where you can do dental surgery and, and simple surgeries and laser-based surgeries at a, at little to no cost in these rural communities. Okay? You, you can tell I'm really excited about this topic. So you're gonna have every examples of disruption Emini here. The obvious changes, automated checkouts, AI and customer service. Driverless vehicles talked about that. Less obvious changes. AI replacing middle management tasks like scheduling and analysis.


So if you don't like your boss, no problem, they may not be there very long. Okay? That was not a, that was not nice. Number three, the opportunity. New job creation in emerging industries. Again, I'll run through this 'cause this podcast is, is longer than I thought. Hope you're enjoying this because I am industries and growth potential. Write this down. Now, this is where you wanna get your degrees. This is where you get your certifications. This is where you wanna get your hustle focused healthcare, AI powered diagnostics, telemedicine. My wife uses pet a telemedicine right now, by the way. And my and her dad, Dr. Dalton uses it right now. And her mother, penny mom, we call her Dr. Amy Dalton.


And personalized treatment plans. So think about startups creating AI driven cancer detection tools, right? This stuff's happening right now. Think about the watch that you have from Apple or whatever watch you're wearing that is dig that's digitized and it's taking your blood pressure and all that kind of stuff. What blood pressure's coming. But, but you is is is your, your pulse and all that stuff that's in sending messages back to your health app on your phone. Emini here, that's not a phone. It's Emini computer in your hand. That's, that's it's a smart, literally a smartphone. So healthcare, the same thing. That's, that's gonna potentially for job losses in many cases. There's opportunity for reimagining job growth, green technology, ai, optimizing energy usage and advancing sustainability initiatives.


This think, think about smart grids and renewable energy projects. Cybersecurity, protecting systems from AI driven attacks. This is gonna be a huge business, right? It's no longer somebody trying to, to shoot you. It's somebody trying to steal your identity, steal your money electronically. You know, think about the risk of a cryptocurrency. If somebody gets a hold of your, you got your physical cash in your pocket, you got your, your credit cards in your pocket, right? Think about somebody stealing the key, the digital key. You, you got drunk one night and you mentioned your key to somebody or somebody, you wrote it down or somebody took what you wrote down, you don't remember what you wrote down. Whatever. You, you can't access the digital currency that you have and somebody else can, they can lock you out of it.


My brother Howard Hewitt has a, had a a a Facebook account that he got locked out of for six months because he didn't do dual dual security on his situation. At least didn't he doesn't now. And somebody hacked his system, not his fault, they hacked his system and was literally talking to his fans, his hundreds of thousands fans like it was him. He could do nothing about it. They were asking, he was asking for mo they asking for money as if he's Howard. They're Howard Hewitt. It wasn't Howard. Howard wouldn't ask you for any money. He was maddening to him, but he could do nothing about it. This is just a very small, he got finally helped him get his identity back or get his page back. Took almost six months and he was at it all every day.


And this is, this is a Grammy award-winning superstar. Imagine it's an average day per average everyday person who somebody steals your identity, right? So cybersecurity's gonna be huge. And it's a business for people that they can start. It's a career, it's a business. It's not just negative, it's a positive. So ethical hackers and cybersecurity analysis analysts are, are gonna be a big business. Again, you wanna pull down the report from the AI Ethics Council. It'll be on our website this week where we do a whole report on, on, on ethical issues tied to, tied to ai, what you should do about it, what you should look out for. And, and so we cover this ground, but it, we don't, we don't cover the opportunity as much as why I'm doing this podcast.


But download the report on the AI ethics council website. Number number four, AI ethics and regulation, ensuring fairness and transparency in AI systems, creating ethical frameworks for automated decision making. So again, you wanna download our, our report of the AI Ethics Council is, but one example, number five, AI operations and maintenance, supporting and maintaining AI systems, robotic technicians and AI trainers. So there's gonna be 75 million jobs, poof, that were gonna go away because of ai, but there's gonna probably be 85 million jobs, 88 million jobs, I think is the number I remember is gonna be created by ai.


See what I'm saying? So, but the but is not a one for one. It's not like you got, you lost a job, now you get a job. No, somebody's gonna lose a job. Somebody else may get a job. It may not be you unless you get these skills. I'm talking about creative industries. Number six, enhancing human creativity through ai. See, I talked, remember I talked about the losses in entertainment, in creative, a spaces and also talked about the gains. Personalized content, creating creation platforms. Networks are communications networks are gonna change you. You have increasingly, people like me and Shannon Sharp and Van Jones and Stephen A. Smith, these are friends of mine and Charlemagne, tha God who run, who runs the, the Blackfoot network that I'm on the board of this, I'm on his platform right now.


You have all these podcasters, they're creating their own, following, their own subscribers, their own products, their own, you know, networks, if you will, right? These are, and we're using technology and we're using robotics and, you know, so on and so forth, and AI tools, et cetera. So if you're not part of the solution, if you're not part of the of, of the future, you're gonna be run over by it. Okay? So skills for the future. Hard skills, okay, kids, listen to me now. Coding, AI development, data analysis, cybersecurity, soft skills, creativity, adaptability, emotional intelligence like vocational training for AI to specific roles like, you know, you know, and anything tied to engineering.


Like you wanna not go broke, be an engineer or any kind of engineer part, mechanical engineer, computer engineer, any kind of engineer. You, you'll not get broke. Go broke. I think like 6% of all engineers are black. Oh no, sorry, 6% are white. Six or seven, sorry, white women. Six or 7% are women. And I think three to 4% are black. So there's a huge opportunity to be an engineer. And again, you'll, you'll make six figures for the rest of your life. And like hidden opportunities, AI powered farming, specialized logistics, AI assisted creative projects. Not, they're not so obvious, but whoever finds that and master that, you can corner the market.


Here's a call to action. What we must do now, we have gotta obsess about AI literacy, encourage everyone to understand AI basics. Listen to this podcast as a, as a, as a starting step one, listen to what Van Jones has a video where he talks about the five AI apps that he uses. Listen to what he's saying. He's mostly for creatives. But listen to what he's saying and listen to people like him and stop listening to dummies like, you know, we've made, lemme tell you, there's gonna be, have a real problem with artificial intelligence and robotics criminals. If you're a crook, this is, this used to be one of the industries that's going away. You know, people, oh, I got a mask, you know, it's, it's, it's a covid. I can just wear a mask. Nobody's gonna, nobody can see my face. AI can, it can see right to the pupils.


It can go, it can look, you still, your eyes are still visible. Your whole face might be, might be covered. In fact, AI can now identify you with a mask on. Look at your iPhone now because we can now identify you for face ID with your mask on. Think about that. And there's, and there's cameras increasingly everywhere. Old school criminals. I don't even know what a new school criminal looks like. I guess it's cybersecurity, but old school criminals are rob and mug and grabbing and, and and running in, in stores and grabbing stuff and knocking somebody over the head and running into the cars and doing, you know, stuff, you know, and doing road rage. All that stuff's gone because a camera's got you on lock and they're coming to get you, they're coming to get you.


That's actually a good thing. But anyway, it just, if you, if you're a criminal, just stop it right now. Like, it's just that, that's an industry that will get completely disrupted. It's old school gangsters and criminals and whatever. So it, you've gotta become a lifetime, a lifetime learner and, and and focused on re-skilling at every age. Community level action. Introducing AI literacy in schools and vocational programs. Again, AI Ethics Council And I, LP three, this is what we're doing here in Atlanta. So follow our model. Civil rights, public-private partnerships, collaborating with tech companies for Excel accessible training programs. Again, follow our model.


National action policy advocacy, uns upskilling programs, universal basic income pilots. Even though I'm, you know, not really crazy about the concept of universal basic income, I'm, I like minimum wage. I like living wages. I don't want to qu guarantee somebody an income because I think that it strips people of their dignity. And without financial literacy, you know, basic income just means you'll spend to that level and you'll need more. But the tech companies do, like some of the tech, tech leaders, when they think the jobs are gonna go away, they will give you a grant or a program in the city or state to pilot some of this stuff.


And they're gonna, at least they're gonna do it, I guess if they're gonna do it, you should. The money's there, you should take it. I just don't think that is, has a long future ahead of it. Ethical rewriting, ethical AI regulations is gonna be done at the, at the city, state, federal, international level. Again, that's what some of the things we're doing. The AI Ethics Council, follow a little bit of what we're doing. Again, download our report and read every inch of it. Expanding broadband access and digital inclusion programs, nonprofits and community-based organizations. You may need to rewrite a little bit of your future history about what you're going to focus on. Maybe you should be focusing on some of this stuff. The greatest wealth building opportunity of this era will come from embracing technology, not fearing it.


Together, we can ensure that AI isn't just for some of us, is for all of us. The pain of disruption and the opportunities and new industries in roles is unfortunately right in front of us. The future isn't something we inherited is something we build. And so if you wait and wait and wait, you're gonna get hit by the weight. Again, if you're not at the table, you're on the menu, but you can make a change. Rainbows only follow storms. You cannot have a rainbow without a storm first. So let's make this a call to action. Share this podcast, start a conversation. Explore resources from Operation Hope and the AI Ethics Council And I p three and other innovative heroes and sheroes and doers from the streets of the suites and backs that are trying to create opportunity for people at scale and, and planning for the future that we will all have together.


AI is for all of us. Let's make sure that no one gets left behind. This is John Hope Bryant. This was AI for Dummies, which started with me. I was a dummy And I am trying to learn as fast as I can. And what I know is nobody else knows anything either. So that just makes me comfortable that, but if you hustle and you understand what I say on my, this teacher here, nobody cares. Work harder. If you've got these, these, these concepts in your, in your you spirit, you work hard, you've got hustle. You understand that Only the dictionary does the word success coming before the word work because it's alphabetical. And you understand we're all starting at the same uneven place and that you have a chance to, to go become the next Edison or the next Steve Jobs, or the next Oprah Winfrey and the new creative space, or you know, the next hero or shero.


The Emini here. All these industries are gonna get disrupted. Everything is, I can't under, I can't explain this underscore this more than I'm, than I'm saying this simply, but I, I can't, I'd wanna say it 10 times. I just know that maybe you just need to hear it once slowly. Every industry in The World is going to get disrupted. Pick one when you're getting run out of town, get in the front of the crowd and make like a parade. Turn your problem or somebody else's into an opportunity. By the way, that's what capitalism is. Capitalism is solving problems.


What's, you know, people had nappy hair, somebody created a comb. Can you create an AI digital comb for the future? Okay, I'm stopping. John O'Brien. This is Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network. And this is my podcast series for 2025 on iHeartRadio. Let's go Money and Wealth with John O'Brien is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now


Never settle unless it's into the electrifying. BMWI four. Blend the lines of cutting edge and classic with groundbreaking technology at your fingertips. Experience m engineered precision while you twist around every turn. After all, electric doesn't have to be static. If you thought EVs couldn't live up to your expectations, then you've never experienced the ultimate electric driving machine. The 100% electric 2025 BMWI four. Visit bmw centers.com today for exceptional offers on the all electric BMWI four.


The Unshakeable Podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't wanna miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase, Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the oh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen, wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company,


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.