
Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. We have to catch this serial killer. I don't Kill for afoot. And created by Ben Watkins. Ms. K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross If We. Don't find him. Soon. we may never have another chance. The clock's ticking. Do you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Ever wonder why top financial advisors from your firm choose UBS, the advisors on the move? Why UBS report uncovers just that and more. In these reports, you'll learn the key reasons why advisors move and choose UBS, their motivations behind it and their experiences. Transitioning to UBS, download your free copy now at ubs.com/y. UBS Financial Services Inc. Member Finra, SIPC


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High five Casino is a social Casino, no purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com. Five five Casino


Welcome to Money and Wealth with John Hope Bryant, A production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. And iHeartRadio In this is John Hope Bryant. And this is Money and Wealth. And I'm honored to be here with a new friend, Alex Rodriguez. Many would know him. Rod, let me give you the part that's easy for all the baseball fans. You may or may not know that he came from Dominican Republic.


His family were immigrants. Victor Rodriguez's father and Lordes, Nelly Novato, Meow, I hope I said that right. His mother, they came from, well he came, it was born in 1975 in Washington Heights section of Manhattan and came to this country with a dream. He was raised alongside his, his siblings, Joe and Susie, and achieved incredible things in his professional career that started as You know, playing 22 seasons in Major League Baseball. That's the Seattle Mariners, the Texas Rangers, the New York Yankees, and of course later as chairman, CEO of Arod.


But we're gonna get into that because it actually wasn't later. It was actually almost right away. But I'm getting ahead of myself. And he has been passionate about business and sports and community. And. I will say, from my own perspective, I would say the the maximization and unleashing of untapped human potential at scale. We'll talk about a little bit about that. About with regard to how he treats his employees. Alex And I spent some time in the community a few months ago here in Atlanta at Clark Atlanta University.


He showed up very simply for no compensation because he was asked to. And so this is an important conversation about things that matter most at a time where everything matters. And I'm honored to be with my new friend, Alex Rodriguez. John, great to be here, man. We've been looking forward to doing this together. We have. We have. And the story of your sports success is a topic of obvious legend, And I. Don't know if you get tired of talking about it or not, but I wanna talk about your sports success from a different window, a different vantage point.


I wanna understand, was this always about you aspiring to do more? My guess is initially you were passionate, absolutely passionate about baseball. That was when you were in the Dominican Republic. That was something that you obsessed on. Is that right? Yeah. Like e, ever since You know, I was born in New York. I was born in the shadows of Yeshiva University right around one 83rd, 1975, very close to Yankee Stadium. My father owned a shoe store in our apartment. And very much like my father, ever since I was 10 years old, I've always wanted to be a baseball player and a businessman. And I was fairly good with numbers.


My father was two And I had a passion for it. And ever since I was a rookie, And I got drafted in 1993 by the Seattle Mariners with the one pick overall in the first round, I was thinking about life after baseball because I, I've seen enough examples of players that have gone like me from rags to riches, back to rags, And I didn't want to be an addition to that You know unfortunate number or statistic. So that was my, my passion early on was to have a path to have a good life post baseball. You were inspired by that balance initially from your dad, is that right? Yep. Yeah. And mom is where you got the self-esteem.


She poured the love in you and said you can do anything. Is that right? Yeah. You know my father, he passed some years ago and he left us when he was 10. And I never saw in those 10 years. My father raise his voice once, even though he was an alcoholic, he would drink 20, 24 beers, cans a day. Budweiser I'll never forget, and two packs of cigarettes a day. So in my mind as a 10-year-old John, I thought, my father's gonna be dead by the age of 30. There's no way that anyone can live this type of lifestyle. But never saw him drunk, even though I'm sure he was, but he was an acting alcoholic and very functional. And the amount of cigarettes he was smoking at my house was like intoxicating.


But my mother, I got my toughness and my grit and my work ethic from her. She worked at General Motors for over 20 years. And then when Stad left, she had to pivot. Once we arrived in Miami at the age of nine, And I joined the Boys and Girls Club. She was a secretary in the morning and surf tables at night, And I. Remember her coming home after 12 hours of working around midnight, sometimes 11 o'clock at night, And I would just be watching, finishing, watching the Mets game, watching ER's corner. And. I would give her a big hug. And I would take her pouch where she had her tip money. And I would start counting that money.


And You know on Thursdays, Mondays, Tuesdays it was 32, 20 $8, 29, 30. But Fridays and Saturdays were the big ticket nights. And she would come home sometimes with 58, 59, 60 bucks. I said, boy, we're richer than Warren Buffet. We, we made it big. But then John, she did something interesting. She would then take that pouch and put that money out and put it in an envelope. And then she would say, son, help me You know, pick up the mattress. And I. Remember like an 11-year-old boy like it was yesterday? She would take that envelope and put it right under that mattress. And I said, mom, but wait a minute, there's banks all around our neighborhoods. Why don't you go put the money there? And being an immigrant mother and not trusting banks, she goes, son, we don't trust banks.


We trust cash and we trust our mattress. So that was the start for me where I said, financial literacy is gonna unlock my future and hopefully get me out of this neighborhood. You And I have a lot in common. The more I hear about your story, the more can relate to mine. My mom told me she loved me every day of my life. Just like your mother told you. She worked as a seamstress. My dad was a business owner and had issues. He had other problems. Wasn't alcohol, but had other challenges that the devilled him, I can relate. And I'm very proud of how you have, how you circumnavigated that entire situation and found always that sweet spot of what was most important.


And so now I'm gonna pivot back to something I said earlier, which is yes, you were passionate about baseball, killed it for 22 seasons, became a legend in baseball. It I'm sure lived your dream, made everybody proud, both in New York and in the Dominican Republic, maybe even all of Latin America. But you were dreaming also parallel about business. And I understand it. Your first, you at the time you had the largest contract of anybody who signed a baseball contract. It was over $200 million at the time. As as I understand it, your first call was to Warren Buffett.


Yeah, but You know a a hundred percent, right? With with one edition pre-sign, that big deal. I, I didn't have a lot of capital. I was just a young kid at, I entered the big leagues at 18 and somewhere around 21 or 22 before I got paid, I made my first investment. And that was a duplex. And that duplex was about $250,000 right around Miami Arena, right there on Biscayne. And I had a $48,000 down payment. And that was the start of basically what is now called Arod Corp. And once I got my contract with the Texas Rangers, I was naive enough to think, well if Warren Buffet who insured my contract and that got back to me, I said, well now we're partners so let me call him and make sure that I'm gonna let him know his money is safe with me.


'cause I don't plan on getting injured. And of course I sent an email, I thought I would never get an email back. And he sure responded about You know an hour later, And I said, if you're ever available, I would love down to come down to Omaha and have lunch with you. And he said, how's October And? I said, well we're not gonna the playoffs, I'm totally free. And that started a series of about five to seven years of me going there every year, postseason one to make sure that the insurance money was good 'cause I, I was looking healthy and cl good. And second he became a mentor where he would basically look at all my businesses and give me great advice. He insured your contract through one of the businesses that he has.


Is that right? Yeah. Or I mean he probably did it from his balance sheet, right? It was, he was trying to get the, we were trying to ensure the last third of it of a 10 year contract because it was such a new thing of a contract that long, there wasn't any precedent. Right? So we got the first seven years insured, but the last three were having a hard time. 'cause it was hard to forecast that far out. But Warren basically said, yeah, if you send me this check, I'm unsure the last three years. And that was the end of it. And thank goodness we cemented the deal. So don don't think And, I don't wanna presume or assume Alex, that the audience understood what we just said.


They just see you playing baseball. They see their favorite athletes just doing what they do and they just assume that the check You know is coming in the mail and like they get their check from their employer. Now you just unpack the whole other situation as they say in my neighborhood where a contract is underwritten for insurance. Can you explain that just a little bit before we go further? Yeah, sure. E essentially, John, let's just say that You know I give you a hundred million dollars contract. And I is 10 years and it's $10 million a year, right? Yep. To equal a hundred. Yep. I'm gonna have to go ensure that contract. Meaning that if in year three John breaks his knee injures himself where he can no longer play for the rest of his career.


Yep. I'm still, as the owner, I'm the hook for $70 million. Yep. If I have an insurance policy that, let's just say I paid $2 million for that premium, would essentially take care of the $70 million and now I'm off the hook, John is paid his balance of $70 million and the insurance takes it on the chin. But in most cases, John is gonna remain healthy. And that $2 million premium basically goes to the wayside on my end. But you And I can sleep at night 'cause the contract is insured and the insurance wins in this, in this case.


So before I ask you the question about who paid the premium, which is an interesting take on it, whether you as a contractor or the, or the owner of the team. But for the audience, what he just described, think, think about an insurance premium for your house. Think about an insurance premium for a life insurance policy or your car. That premium is a small fraction of the value of the insurer. They hope that they never, you never call them with a claim. And this is how, and people not calling with claims, this is how the insurance company makes a profit. And you want the insurance company to make a profit in this deal. That's the way capitalism works. And that there's too many claims, of course they could go out of business.


So in this particular case, there was a premium. Alex is the corporation. This is be this, this, the professional athlete is, has got a $200 million contract and he is the product and is a premium for the underwriting of insurance for that contract. Now Alice, who paid, I hope not getting into your business. Now put it, let me put this another way. Was this sponsored by the, the the owners of the team? Yeah. So it is the responsibility of the owner to ensure the contract because obviously as I just explained, if if you have a hundred million dollars contract and things go the wrong way and you get injured, I as the owner don't want to be on the hook for that $70 million.


'cause John's not available to play. So the owner in this case, in this case it was Tom Hicks who was the owner of the Texas Rangers. He wires the money to Warren Buffett. Right. The reason I asked the question is, You know you could, as entrepreneurial as you are in your mind, if the owner said, look, I'm willing to do five years of this or three or five years of this contract, I'm not gonna insure 10 years of it. I'm thinking the entrepreneurial Alex that I know would say, well, let me go to Lloyd's of London. Let me go someplace and see if I can get the backend insured myself. I'll write the premium check. And because it's a small price to pay to know I've got the guarantee of all the money. So there's a number of ways to cut this.


But in this particular case, they felt so strongly about you. And of course you're in such a wonderful negotiating position that you got the entire contract. It is guaranteed. Is that right? Yeah. You, you're spot on, John. So let me add to that. So a lot of times And I did this exactly what you just described. The the team is trying to ensure that contract for protection of a downside event of an injury. The player, me or you. In this case, you can go to Lloyd's of London and say, look, if I'm supposed to be playing for 15 years, but I get hurt and I'm only allowed to play for five years, then Lloyd's of London will give you an additional check to John. Now, assuming that you play those 10 years injury free, the John Insurance that you paid to Lloyd's of London, that goes away.


You lost that money, but you made the a hundred and the team is very happy to lose the 200, the 2 million because John played incredibly well. So double ways of insurance. And by the way, you can also insure your house a couple different ways, not just one. And for those we, we unpack everything on this podcast. We make things simple so you understand it. But somebody ever talked you financial literacy like Alex mother and my mother taught me in the be of my classroom. So we wanna, there's no silly questions. There's nothing that is that that is off limits.


Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me, Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson, detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins, Multiple victims I connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms. Killer thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sicks out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut against inside's head. The clock ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


Be merry. Be bright. Be love. This holiday season get wrapped up with precious pieces from Pandora jewelry, choosing from a stunning selection of festive charms, shimmering rings, dazzling earrings, sparkling necklaces and lab grown diamonds to elevate your holiday gifting for everyone on your list. And don't forget to treat yourself too. With Pandora jewelry, you can give the gift of love and let it shine brighter than ever before. Discover the perfect way to make this holiday season truly memorable and be the light that brightens up the holidays. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or@pandora.net and wrap The World in love.


For many of us, the holiday season means more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more of your personal information in more places you can't control. It only takes one innocent mistake, even if it's not your mistake to expose you to identity theft, not to worry. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second and alerts you to threats you could miss by yourself even if you keep an eye on your bank and credit card statements. If your identity is stolen, your own US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. The last thing you want to do this holiday season is face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft all alone.


Gift yourself the peace of mind that comes with LifeLock and spend more time doing more of the holiday things you love. Visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart. LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


This is Coke, Zero. Sugar, could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that, that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Ever wonder why top financial advisors from your firm choose UBS, the advisors on the move? Why UBS report uncovers just that and more. In these reports, you'll learn the key reasons why advisors move and choose UBS, their motivations behind it and their experiences. Transitioning to UBS. Download your free copy now at ubs.com/y. UBS Financial Services Inc. Member Finra, SIPC By the way, Dr. King in the middle of the civil rights movement, try to get his life insured and try to get a million dollars of insurance for his family.


And Andrew Young, ambassador Andrew Young as we know now, and him went to London, literally going to London and ran around. No one would insure him, Alex, they thought he was just too much of a risk. And he was only You know he was 30 something years old. They just figured You know the chance that something happening to you is extremely high. Here's a guy about to get the Nobel Peace Prize. They finally got, they wanted a million dollars, they finally got a hundred thousand dollars. Premium was very high because the perception of risk was very high. Just because you're on the front page of the newspaper doesn't mean that you automatically get a yes to your answer. But underneath a lot of these things are insurance policies and, and the older you get, the most expensive that policy gets.


If you're getting a life insurance policy, it's very cheap to get one at 20 or 30 years old. Try to get in a life insurance policy at 70 years old for your life, the premium's gonna be astronomical. And you can't be mad at the companies. If you wanna distribute money like a socialist, you gotta first collect it like a capitalist. So we want companies to find a way reasonably to make a profit so they can afford to give back and reinvest and take care of their employees. And on the topic of taking care of its employees, I want to gut into that in a minute, but I wanna commend you also, Alex. I don't know that if anybody's said this to you in this way, but my sense is that you're the only or the first Latino billionaire entrepreneur from professional sports in America.


I don't think there's anybody else who has that moniker. First of all, I don't know if another Latino billionaire in America, I'm sure they exist, but one that came from sports to business. I I, there's no question in my mind that you checked that box And I. Think you just got into the Billionaires Club late last year. So assuming I'm correct of all that on all that, congratulations. Well, thank you John and You know what, again, I started from literally like ground zero. I'll never forget John And I. Think I told you this when we had dinner. You know I was 12 years old and You know dad had left a couple years ago and we were at Publix, a supermarket down in Miami. And I'm with my mom on one of the rare nights that she didn't work.


It was probably like a Sunday night or something. And as we're trying to pay for the bill, the bill might have been like 75 bucks or something. We had like a couple cards of food and cereal and all of that. And as she's kind of shuffling through her purse, some funny money comes out. And I said, mom, that money is red. What it looked like Monopoly money. What is that? And she was very embarrassed and ashamed and kind of looked down. And she goes, well the You know. The government's given us some help. And my heart stopped You know, even as a 12-year-old, my instincts were to very, very protective of my mother. And to be where I am today, play for almost 25 years and be very fortunate to be part of an ownership group.


You also have to commend You know Adam Silver in the NBA Yep. That he's opened up the floodgates to have folks like you And I sit at the very top of the chain as as governors. Yep. It's extraordinary. And I know that Adam and the NBA has great ambitions to continue to promote diversity and more folks like us, people of color to the, to the owners group. No doubt. And I'm a owner of part of Centennial Yards, which is right across from State Farm Arena as a partner with Tony Wrestler who owns the Atlanta Hawks. And Tony is a big who and accommodations, definitely the Adam Silver, who's a part of Financial Literacy for All.


Tony is a big booster that civil rights, modern civil rights is in the suites, not the streets and the color's green. It's about education, access to capital lo, low cost capital and opportunity for all. As Michael Milken would say, which is where we, I think we originally, where we physically met our friend Michael Intelligence is equally distributed, but opportunity is not. And so we are at these tables and we should not take it for granted. And thank you for doing this podcast to help to spread the message of unpacking the memo. We unpack a little bit about insurance and about how you underwrite a long-term professional contract. I'm sure the audience didn't know that we're going to get into, well, here's another, another get, there is no billionaire who came from professional sports or entertainment, who's a person of color who didn't go over the bridge of business, particularly corporate.


I'll say that again. There is no professional athlete that you're listening, that you're thinking about right now or, or entertainer. Think Jay-Z think, think whoever you like, who went from performing, playing, whatever into the boardroom and became a billionaire without coming into corporate. So this is a pathway that everybody needs to understand. We've gotta go from the streets to the suites, from protesting to prosperity. And there needs to be a business plan for that. So your obsession, your dual obsession of being, of being smart at the baseball diamond and then smart as a diamond in your brain and then getting into real estate, which was a really smart move.


Biggest business in The World. What was your motivation there? And then treating your employees your second bus biggest asset, the right way. As I understand it, you make employees, your sharehold shareholders in your dream as well because nobody washes rental cars. What's your mindset there? I'm not getting into the most valuable thing we have, Alex. It's not the money, it's not the assets, it's not the real estate. It's the, it's our mindset and our relationship capital, the way we treated each other, the way you And, I treated each other. When we first met, set the stage for everything. I asked you to come to Atlanta originally. Your office said you didn't have time and you didn't.


And I said this was for the people. I don only wanna know this unless I said it. This is for the people. This is no commercial, there's no commercial anything in this. And you just said, yes, I'll do it. And you came here at your own expense and spent several days with us pouring into the people And I think that's gonna pay dividends. Not only on on in heaven, it's gonna pay dividends here because whatever goes around comes around. But that's mindset, that's character, that's integrity. That's how you treat people, treat them how you wanna be treated. And that carries over to how you treat your employees. Talk to me about your mindset to win and why you think it's important to bring others with you. Yeah, great question.


And we, we had a phenomenal time and boy was that an imp impactful day when we were at that university and talking about some of the history around some of the black college and the history of, of, of what has done for so many people. And very proud to be there. And thank you for that invite. Look, John, the way I look at this is like, financial freedom comes from two things. It comes from knowledge and the power of knowledge and, and equity and ownership. And it is kind of what the rich dad poor dad teaches, right? I, I get excited when I get to invest into equity. And, I think most people get scared. And the truth is, if if you're scared and you don't know, it's probably better to have fear, right?


Rather than jump in and do something that's wrong with, with not the right leadership group around you. I've, I've often said that the three things that could take a man down or people down in in The World of business are the three Ls liquor ladies and leverage. So you, you gotta watch those things, right? But to me, John, it's really about simplicity and sticking to your circle of competence, which I learned this over two decades ago from Warren Buffett. And the reason why I started with multifamily apartments and a small little duplex is because I understood it.


Because we were never, we never had enough money to buy anything. So I remember as a 10, 12-year-old boy, I went down to my knees, And I said, dear God, if I can ever trade places with a landlord. Mm. And about a decade later, I had an opportunity to be a landlord, even though it was a small landlord of two apartments, a little duplex. I, I, I bought that. And all I was really doing was I knew that at some point my ability to make money from the Yankees was gonna come down. Yeah. But if I had assets that would hedge my bet, and as my earning power came down, my assets would appreciate. Now I knew that I didn't need a lot of cashflow.


So I was able, my strategy was simple. If I can play for 10 more years, And I, buy one asset per year that I can appreciate in, in value and in cashflow, by the time I was done, those 10 assets would be my insurance policy for never going broke. And that was it. It was nothing from Einstein. It was nothing. I'm not that smart, but I, you try to be clever and try to be smart and work as hard as you can with your competitive advantage. And I thought that was mine. So audience you just heard, and Alex says that, no know this about me, you, he, we have exactly the same philosophy.


I had this nonprofit, it was draining me dry, not really, not literally, but I mean it was, nonprofits are hungry. And Alice, by the way, volunteers at the Boys and Girls Club as well, and mentors and And I. I, I didn't wanna go begging anybody. I wanted to be my own resource. And so I went and started buying single family residential homes and he started buying multifamily homes. And we are both together, two of the largest people of color who own e both I think in as an African American close to 700 single families. And he's got an incredible portfolio of like mostly multifamily. Why? Because you make money during the day.


You build wealth in your sleep. The contract that Alex got, that was the grease on the gears. You can get rich, but you can also go broke because the cash flow stops and you go broke. But your expenses have not. Please listen. Now what he said, he said to you, said it very eloquently, the cash flows coming in, your expenses are, are now rising, immediate standard of living your cash flow for the contract's going to end. Because 70% of all those in professional sports, unfortunately will file bankruptcy within five years. You've gotta have something to augment that. And he did that through capital gains and capital asset or capital appreciation of capital assets, asset accumulation through real estate, which gave him both appreciating assets and income that replaced the income he has as a player.


Did I get that right Alex? That's exactly right. And, and even to, to simplify it and just make it even more simple. 'cause I know this is what the mission of this podcast is, is to educate and inspire and, and to teach people how to have a better life. If, if he or she is listening right now and You know that you're making a hundred thousand a year, but that's gonna stop in 10 years, then you better start hustling today for what's gonna happen in year 11. So in very simple terms, if that is your life, that is the life of an athlete, just add a couple zeros to it. But nevertheless, you have a partner and if you're in LA or New York, that partner's gonna take 60% of it between taxes, agents and managers.


And John, people ask me this all the time. How in The World does an athlete make over a hundred million dollars? And like you mentioned so eloquently can go bankrupt. Well, let me give you an example. If athlete name Chris makes a hundred million dollars a year, a hundred million dollars in their career, and they're playing for the Yankees, or they're playing for the Lakers, or they're playing for the Dodgers, 55% goes to the government. So now you're down to 45 million, 10% goes to your manager, now you're down to 35 million, 5% to your agent. Now you're inside $30 million. You haven't bought a house, you haven't bought a car yet and you haven't even been divorced for the first time.


Or paid alimony for on all those kids. All of that. So it goes quickly. It goes quickly. So what we're saying to you audience is anybody can be an Alex or John financially, just take away a couple of the zeros. Start simple. He made it. He had an income that allowed him to provide for his lifestyle and make an investment. I want you to have a good income. Think about a house in the hood, the worst house in the best block. Buy it, rehab it, or a duplex, buy it, rehab it, rent it. I would say hold it. Alex May say, sell it don don't know. But You know everybody's economics are different. Do that two or three times and you create a generational wealth.


And Alex, just as Alex has paid it, poured into his own community and, and doubling and invested back and with his employees, still wanna hear that story. I want you to think about hiring local talent from the community as plumbers, electrician, lighting, roofing, landscaping, painting, You know you're creating local jobs, reinvesting. That's your philanthropy. Magic Johnson is one of your mentors that helped you to navigate what you've done. Really good guy. What was the influence on you to double down on this and go large. And again, I want you to touch very specifically about how you're helping your employees as I really was touched by how you're doing that just not what you're doing.


'cause you back them, you backstop them. And then before we finish, I really want to get into, when you hit your head against the wall, when you stubbed your toe, all not been a bed of roses, like, because you had to take no for vitamins. Everybody's not just saying yes to you because, because you're Alex Rodriguez. They're like, Hey man, you're a baseball player. Go, go, go on over there. You, you can't You know you had to, you had to earn your seat at the table. Yeah, yeah. Great. Great question. So first of all, magic Johnson was my, my my kind of my beacon of inspiration. I mean, he gave me an opportunity to say he gave me a role model. And magic Jonathan is such an incredible person. You know, he's a, he's one of the greatest basketball players of all time.


One of the goats, right? Five time world champion MVPs. You know a gazillion dollar smile. But when you meet magic, he's even more inspirational. And he's such a good man that he sat down with me for three hours and basically gave me a roadmap. And I had nine pages of notes. And I said Magic, we were supposed to meet years later for 30 minutes. Why did you give me three hours and canceled dinner with Cookie? He said, You know what? 'cause you are one of the first athletes, if not the only one that came with a notebook. You came on time, you were asking good questions and you had like 10 pages of notes. And I thought that was interesting. But because he is a man of color, I saw a path and an inspiration of someone who could be a Hall of Fame basketball player and then be a Hall of Fame businessman in the boardroom.


That's right. So that was a pathway. When you look at Arod Corp, we have over 500 employees. We call 'em team members. Yeah. 85% of those are minorities. Men of color, black skin, brown skin, women. And I was inspired by my mother because my mother never had an opportunity to invest with Warren Buffett or Blackstone or KKR Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan wouldn't even take her calls. So as I think about our investment, if we make an investment of $10 million into a company, every person on my team has an opportunity, even if it's $2,000 to invest with me, pro rata with me side by side, right at my value, no promote no fees because I want everybody on my team to have a path to having a better life.


And the way you have a better life, as we talked about, is by having more assets and less liabilities. A liability is a car, an asset is a house, is a multifamily is part of a business that generates cash flow. Another way of saying it, John, for your audience, is what is the difference between a liability and an asset? Liability takes money outta your pocket every month. Like your, your home and an asset puts money in your pocket every month like a multifamily apartment. Okay? So it always bothered me that only the rich people, at least it felt from my prism when I was really young, had the opportunity to invest with the Warren Buffet's.


Like, and today my mission is to work on financial literacy for my community and secondly, to give people an olive branch and an opportunity to invest side by side. That's right. Even if it's $2,000, it never made any sense to me that only rich people get to invest in assets. How about the poor people? Okay, that was me. That's my mom. That's right. So, so that, that's one. And if you don't have the money, John, what I'll do is, as an example, And I did this with one of our team members. They didn't have the money. It took $50,000. I fronted the 50 for them. Yeah. 50 became 500,000. Yeah. They paid back my 50 with an 8% coupon and then they kept about 400,000 profit and they put down zero.


Yeah. So now the next investment, they're putting down 200,000 and have 200 in the bank. Yeah. And that, that brings a lot of joy to me as a leader of my company. Coming soon to Prime video You Can Call me. Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson, detective Cross. You've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for foot. Ms K thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. There's a lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist.


You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Al Hoge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross, I learned to trust his gut against S's hand. The clock ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th. Be merry. Be bright. Be love. This holiday season get wrapped up with precious pieces from Pandora jewelry, choosing from a stunning selection of festive charms, shimmering rings, dazzling earrings, sparkling necklaces and lab grown diamonds to elevate your holiday gifting for everyone on your list.


And don't forget to treat yourself too with Pandora jewelry, you can give the gift of love and let it shine brighter than ever before. Discover the perfect way to make this holiday season truly memorable and be the light that brightens up the holidays. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today in store or@pandora.net and wrap The World in love.


Whether you're starting or scaling your company's security program, demonstrating top-notch security practices and establishing trust is more important than ever. Vanta automates compliance for ISO 27 0 0 1, SOC two GDPR and more saving you time and money while helping you build customer trust. Plus you can streamline security reviews by automating questionnaires and demonstrating your security posture with a customer facing trust center. All powered by Vanta ai. Over 8,000 global companies like Atlassian Flow Health and Quora use Vanta to manage risk, improve security in real time. Our audience gets a special offer of $1,000 off Vanta at vanta.com/special. That's VANT a.com/special for $1,000 off.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar, could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, a mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Ever wonder why top financial advisors from your firm choose UBS, the advisors on the move? Why UBS report uncovers just that and more? In these reports, you'll learn the key reasons why advisors move and choose UBS, their motivations behind it and their experiences transitioning to UBS. Download your free copy now at ubs.com/y UBS Financial Services Inc. Member Finra, SIPC.


My friends have told me, Alex, to slow yourself down. Stop talking so loud, long and fast and explain this to me. You mentioned the word coupon, you mentioned the word promote. Can you give, so promote is something that Alex And, I love. Think about a license anyway, explain to them in your words, promote and coupon. We all, we love both of those phrases, but why don't you explain that, Alex, in Your words. So, so if I lend John, my friend here, a hundred thousand dollars and he pays me 8%, I'm so glad you said that, John, because all these fancy terms and accurate, they're just there to confuse people, right? Our people in our community.


So that's a great question. We take it for granted sometimes. 'cause that's the way you And I talk when we're in your office or my office. So I lend John a hundred thousand dollars, he pays me 8%. So essentially he's paying me $8,000 a year on that a hundred, right? Right. And that's called a coupon, right? And, and if that coupon is out for three years, 8,000 times three, he owes me $24,000. Essentially right? Now if, if John And I are partners and we buy a business for a hundred thousand dollars and five years later we sell that business for 1,000,001, essentially there's a a million dollars of profit.


And because John And I are the code GPS on that million dollars of profit once they get their money back, our investors plus an 8% coupon or return, then there's about plus or minus a million dollars of profit. Which 20% of that goes to John And I. And that's $200,000 that John And I get for putting the deal together, putting, underwriting it, managing it, sourcing it, and essentially bringing value to it. So John And I walk away with $200,000. So our partners are super happy 'cause they got almost a 10 x and John And I are happy because we were able to promote a great deal and then we're off to the next one. So you, you might be thinking about it, people might be hearing a, like a concert promoter, Right?


I guess, I guess You know. You can You know generally get your hands around it, but it's a, it's a deal promoter. It's, it's an investment promoter. So the promote is the percentage of the profit that the developer gets by bringing the deal to market successfully and the value added on top of the cost and agreed coupon. He said it much better than I I did much better. Yeah. And John, lemme add one thing for, for our, our listeners and our viewers listening in. John And I only make that promote if we make money for our investors. Okay? Hello.


Very, very important. We have complete alignment if that's a donut and we don't make any money, John And I are out. We don't make any money. We only make money once the investor gets their money back plus an 8% coupon, right? Return on their investment, right? Then after that waterfall, which is called the waterfall, once we do all of that and we have a million dollars left in profits, then John And I split that 80 20 80 goes to the investor and that 20% goes to John And I as co general partners. The first time somebody mentioned the word waterfall to me, I was actually looking for where we're going on vacation.


I was like, what's a waterfall? So for the listeners, the waterfall is the way in which the transaction breaks out that, how does that dollar split up? What's the waterfall? Who gets the well, who gets what first? Right? And, and what's the priority of the distribution? I'm playing, I'm saying this in plain English. That's what we call a financial waterfall. I want you guys to become experts in all this stuff so no one can, as Malcolm X said, we've been bamboozled, we've been tricked, we've been fooled. don don't want anybody to fool you anymore. I want you to be financially literate because it's not what, you're not dumb and you're not stupid. It's what you don't know that you don't know that's killing you. But you think You know because no one ever taught you. I agree with that. And, I, And, I.


Think sometimes these acronyms sometimes are made to keep our people out of the room and keep 'em not smart. And really, our listeners are very, very smart. We just have to have better teachers that are willing to teach and bring people along like you And I are trying to do. And, but we do have a lot of resistance because I do feel there's a lot of people that are trying to keep the people down. And, I think you are really doing God's work and helping educate people and teach people. And there's no greater gift than teaching someone how to fish versus just giving them a fish. Financial literacy is a civil rights issue of this generation, in my opinion. When You know better, you do better.


We don't have much time left in this incredible podcast we've had together. This has been rich. I do wanna cover a couple more things before we, we exit here. I I i, as you were talking about the waterfall and the coupon and all that, you And I Alex don't get a chance often enough to, to thank people who got help to get us here. Magic Johnson would talk about all the people. He'd leave a game, a basketball game and ask for the people who would send those front benches for their cards. And he'd goes visit with them and use his credibility to get in their offices and just listen. Right? And a lot of those guys end up doing deals with, and basically you've just said the same thing. You've given Warren Buffet some credit. Thanks for saying that. I'm gonna give Tony wrestler 200th richest man in The World credit for doing a deal with me.


And I own You know at the end of that deal, all of the company, he just wanted a coupon. He just wanted a 7% return on his money. Him and Michael Arogeti. Everything else paying other than paying my debt. Debt and preferred equity. I owned the rest. And the we shouldn't, we should all be grateful and gracious about spreading the credit when we actually succeed. Is there somebody that you wanna mention that helps you get here, Alex? And also, I, I didn't want to end with this You know rainbows after storms. The mistakes you made is something you, you kicked yourself about.


Why did I do this stupid thing? Something you're not You know. That's a lesson now for the audience. Yeah. So I'll keep it to, to finances and mistakes that I've made there. 'cause there's, we don't have enough. We need a documentary. All my mistakes, so I'm gonna try to keep this tight. My, my good friend Grant Harold once gave me great advice and he always talked about the five Bs and he said, be brief brother, be brief. So I'm gonna take Grant's advice on that. So first of all, shout out to to Tony Wrestler, who's my partner at the NBA. He, he's one of the coolest people that I've met, but also very generous. And he is someone that really believes in bringing people, all people in the room with him and give him an opportunity as you well eloquently just described in your partnership with Tony and, and his partner and your other partner.


As far as mistakes, I, I'll go to 2008 because it was a really, really tough time with the fin financial meltdown. I bought a piece of property, 500 units right around George Steiner Field in Tampa where we held spring training. And my thesis was, if it's good enough for George Steinberg and the Yankees, it's gotta be good for my apartments. So I basically bought 500 units for about 60,000 per door. Okay. I had 20,000 of equity per door. Right. And I had a loan for 40,000. What happened was from a Monday to a Thursday when everything went upside down and we had the financial crisis in oh 8, 0 9, my properties, my units were now worth 38,000, but I owed 40,000.


Wow. So basically that's what they call your underwater, right? Okay. And unfortunately, I was young and not experience And. I have what is called the pg, which PG stands for personal guarantee. Oh yes. Which if you're listening and you don't remember anything else, John And I said, please remember this part. Never sign personal guarantees it unless it's your home. Now I was fortunate enough to have some liquidity. And I negotiated Cash. Everybody means cash. Cash. And I had, I was fortunate enough to have cash, And I was able to negotiate with the banks a very clever deal in which they had like a $50 million write down in exchange for a $4 million check.


And then we said to the bank, look, you're not in the business of managing these assets, meaning multifamily apartments. We are. So why don't we give you $4 million check? You write down $50 million immediately from losing $200,000 a year in that portfolio. We started making $200,000 a year because we owed less and we put more equity in. And then we said to the bank, when we sell in the next five years, we'll give you another 15% of the ups. Wow. So Essentially, right thinking outside the box, John, wow. The bank became a promoter on our deal. Yeah. And that was what we call a win win win alignment structure.


And we sold it for a big number. We gave the bank another few million dollars on the ups. And to this day, that's still my bank. And we did the right thing at the toughest time. And people and partners will never ever forget that. 'cause that builds your reputation in the business community. I'm so glad that you added that, Alex. 'cause that is probably one of the best lessons anybody's gonna get from this. There's something called nonrecourse debt. We don't have time to get into it now. It's the best kind of it, it is the most appropriate type of debt for the type of large scale transactions that Alex And I do Your personal residence. There's nothing wrong with a personal guarantee. I have a You know I have a personal guarantee in our home, right?


That's right. But you, when you're doing business deals, you just try to let the assets speak for themselves. But what he did structurally was brilliant. And he, when you're being run out town, get in front of the crowd and make like a parade. And. I, I You know I had followed him. I sort of knew, I thought I knew where he was going. But that last piece was very creative. He turned his banker into a venture capitalist into a, a, a joint venture partner. It was really quite, quite clever. And you turn a negative cash flow into a positive cash flow overnight through structure. Listen, everybody, there's a crisis coming in some parts of the economy, commercial real estate. It's got a trillion dollars of refinancing they gotta do in the next year or two.


There may be properties that become available. Real estate has never gone down the history of The World, I mean, in America, rather over time. Think about some of this, it's not a problem. But as Alex just said, in your neighborhood, maybe some of this is an opportunity for you to reposition that asset, help the bank, the lender, help yourself, help your community, and create little generational wealth. Alex, you are walking generational wealth. You're walking integrity. You're a good guy. And You know we're all angels of dirty faces. You know a saint is a center that got up. So none of us are perfect, but I, I like your imperfection.


I like the way you roll. And I, appreciate you coming on this podcast and being so transparent. Charlemagne, myself, all of the friends of this podcast, thank you for just being you. John, thank you very much for having me. I consider you a dear friend and we're gonna do a lot of great things together for the community and maybe even in business for just one last message for your great audience. And again, I want to just say how important it is that they know that they are smart, they are capable, they are enough. We just gotta do a better job. Us as leaders to educate them and bring them along. And don't forget that, remember this, remember this. A champion is a loser that tried one more time.


Hmm. So don't give up and just keep on trying. You can do this. And John And, I believe in you. Yeah, he, Alex believes in you. That's why he's pouring into you because he sees you in himself. He sees you as the little boy, the young person who is trying, struggling. He sees his mother in the single parent households. He sees the young black men trying to make it as a, as a, as a parent. He sees his father there. He, he can relate to you because he was you. So go out there and kill it and then help somebody come up behind you. This is John Hope Bryant. This is Money and Wealth. And this is my man. Hey Rod, John, my man. Thank you so much for having me.


Money and Wealth with John O'Brien is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from the Black Effect Podcast network, visit the iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Be merry, be Bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry get wrapped up in the season of love with a precious piece of Pandora jewelry from festival charms to shimmering rings, earrings and lab grown diamond brighten up the holidays with glittering gifts for everyone on your list and one for you too. There are so many ways to show your loved ones their gift. Give the gift of Pandora jewelry and let your love shine even brighter. Be love. Shop Pandora jewelry today.


Hi Five Casino High. Five. Casino is a social Casino with real Prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High five. Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com. High five Casino.


You wake up, put on your ray bin meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee, so you say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte Brew two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


Have. you Googled yourself lately. Are. there negative posts from an ex employee or from a former client, Maybe an outdated news article. Search engines don't always get it right, for right or wrong, it's your reputation on the line. That's where Reputation Defender by Norton comes in. Take control with Reputation. Defender, Their cutting edge approaches help you to wipe away unwanted information in your search results. They also promote the good stuff. You can start by getting your free reputation report card@reputationdefender.com or call 808 1 1 49 75 to speak to an expert.


For many of us, the holiday season means more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more of your personal information in more places you can't control. It only takes one innocent mistake, even if it's not your mistake to expose you to identity theft, not to worry. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second and alerts you to threats you could miss by yourself, even if you keep an eye on your bank and credit card statements. If your identity is stolen, your own US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. The last thing you want to do this holiday season is face drained accounts, fraudulent loans, or other financial losses from identity theft all alone. Gift yourself the peace of mind that comes with LifeLock and spend more time doing more of the holiday things you love. Visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart. LifeLock for the threats you can't control.