
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now piece of the planet Charlemagne to Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about the light of your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right. Scissor is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up A little one of them days is serving up all of Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh now. Playing only in theaters. Rate it off. Get your tickets now.


Life Is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, welcome to Naked Sports. I'm your host Carrie Champion and as I record this message, it has been, it's been a, it's been an interesting 48 hours for me. We appreciate you. I always say this, we appreciate you for listening to the podcast and really supporting us. This week. Ya girl and her team of amazing producers were able to be nominated for an image award, an NAACP image award for outstanding art sports culture. We are up against nightcap with Shannon Sharp and Chad Ochocinco. Do not, I repeat. Vote for them. Vote for us.


You have to go and vote on NAACP image awards.net. I'm posting it all on my feed. Please go vote for me. We're also up against another podcast called Two Mamas, two Funny Mamas, that's Sherry Shepherd and Kim Whitley, I believe I'm probably saying that last name wrong, but please forgive me. Then there is who else is in the category, another fellow brand on the Black Effect Network r and b Money that's with Tank. But it doesn't matter. I want you to go and vote for me. That's what I'm saying. In general, I'm just being real selfish because this is the first time and if I'm being honest with you, I've seen in a long time a woman in this, in this space, in this sports space, be nominated for a podcast and an image award.


I think my girl Jamel was nominated, but she wasn't living in a sports space. She won twice. She won two image awards for her podcast Unbothered. But that wasn't necessarily a sports space. And so we need to support because it really means a lot to me. I I one of these few times where as a woman in this world we're being recognized, a black woman more specifically in this world of sports, you're being recognized for your work ethic. Not necessarily for you know, what you look like, how you, you know, all of that other stuff is great. But truly it was an honor just to be put in this category with all these greats. It means that the culture sees you. They understand how hard we are trying to be representatives, at least on this podcast of the culture and speak to issues that matter.


Give a voice to the voiceless. And I think that it was really important for us this season to rebrand Naked, which is why it's Naked sports. But I think the reason why I truly wanted to rebrand it, because there were so many stories in The World of sports that weren't being told from a different lens. And that would be from a woman's lens, a black woman. More specifically my lens. And I'm just grateful that the NAACP Image Awards took the time to acknowledge what we are doing here. It's one of those things where you say, I'm just, I'm just honored to be nominated And I'm truly just honored to be nominated. But that doesn't mean I don't want you to go vote for me.


Go vote for me. Little in Jeanette could, everybody else got two and three nominations. So Emini here, you don't need to vote for Shannon Sharp. He already, he got three of four nominations. He gonna win those other three of four. He don't need to win this one y'all. But I am very grateful. So I got that news very funny on Monday, Monday morning, I had this text really early from Charlemagne. I said, congrats. And we normally text each other back and forth about silly things. And I didn't know what he was talking about, but he was the first to tell me. And I was really, truly just honored and blown away really. It really was a good day. But later on that day. So as The World changes so quickly later on that day, And I think we are all aware now that California is dealing with some crazy wildfires, Southern California.


And I live in Southern California And I have a home in Southern California in the hills. And I wasn't so much worried about my space because I didn't live in Pacific Palisades. But as I was watching from New York City, I was thinking, geez, this looks extremely dangerous. And I have had my fair share of wildfires. I've been there for most, 'cause I'm born and raised And I've seen what the Santa Ana winds do And I see how they keep these fires in play. And I've seen the devastation. But this is different. These winds were, and are currently even as we film this podcast, are historically damaging in the sense that they were 90, 95 miles an hour and you combine that with fire, there's just no way.


It was a windstorm of fire. And I'm sure, I'm sure you all have seen those images. But then it got particularly scary when it started to, for me, get into neighborhoods with people that I know, really close friends that I know. And it's sad because I know my, one of my best friends lost her house this morning. She sent me a text and she was like, my house is gone. Last night I was on the phone, I was on the phone with my other best friend and she was like, my cousin lost both of her homes. She, she evacuated with her family and they didn't think that they were in danger.


They just, they were a part of the evacuation warning and then their entire house burned down, their car, their belongings, they really didn't take much. And then she had a rental property that burnt down as well. And so here we are. And so the story now feels very, and I'm trying not to get emotional, the story now is, is more about I are your family and your friends safe. And for me, I can't say that they are my, in my neighborhood. They have created this neighborhood watch a new neighborhood watch because we are in the warning zone.


And I don't, I don't think I would, I would be devastated yes, if my house burned down. But I think the more devastating issue that I'm starting to deal with and even trying to comprehend is that when these people lose their homes, they're, they're losing their American dream. They're losing something that they've built, you know, from the ground up. And I do hear the critics say, but these people have money. I don't wanna hear about Hollywood people with money. I don't wanna hear about a house on the beach burning down. It has nothing to do with that. It has everything to do with the place that you call home. You have a home, I have a home.


There's a sense of stability there. There is a place where you relax. You do all of these things because it means everything to you in your home. And when you don't have a home burn to the ground, ashes gone in an instant, you are displaced. Everything about your life feels off and displaced. And we're watching it in real time. You know, and to, to add to all of this personally, my 94-year-old grandmother is in the hospital and she's in one of these evacuation warning zones.


That particular hospital is in one of these warning zones. So I'm thinking about the things that are going on in my mind And I haven't even lost my home. I'm thinking, I hope they don't have to evacuate my grandmother. I hope that she can still get her surgery. I hope that, I hope that that doesn't disturb her body. She's so delicate. I'm thinking of all the different things that are happening and then I'm feeling an incredible amount of sadness for the people who lost their homes and the neighborhoods that I used to visit and travel in and call my, my day to day that are no longer there. Restaurants, grocery stores, vendors that I would see all gone. And so it's scary to the last few days while I started in this jovial day of being excited about our, our nomination here for Naked Sports.


You know, the last few days have been hard to focus, hard to really keep the main thing, the main thing. But we still have to work. I still have to work. I still had to do my podcast. I still have to do the things that pay the bills for the house that I live in. But at the same time, you know, I, I'm consumed with the coverage. I'm on the phone with family members every five minutes. We're texting all the time. We are, we don't see what's next. The feeling of uncertainty in these types of situations is horrific.


And no one wants to wake up to a text that says I lost my home. No one does. And I think that there are a lot of lessons to be learned. If you're healthy, if you have your family and your friends and they are safe, that's great. Belongings can be replaced. But it is still incredibly difficult to process what's happening in Southern California right now. A world that feels very familiar, or at least it did feel familiar, feels very, very isolated and scary.


Apocalyptic is the word that people have been using. These people leaving their cars in the middle of the road leaving 'cause they couldn't get out by car, they had to get out by foot. And then you just see the cars just sitting in the middle of the road being bulldozed or, and or burned down the entire stretch of Pacific Coast Highway just burnt Emini here. It really is devastating. And there are organizations that are helping and there are people that are helping. And I know that you can go online and you can look and see, I know Airbnb is offering homes for people. I know 2 1 1, if you're in California, that number is in Los Angeles, more specifically is the number to help you.


And I know right now firefighters are trying to contain some of these fires. Right now they're about five or six and they're trying to be contained. And my hope is that we start to see some progress. I I don't know who's to blame. We can blame anybody when it's all said and done, but right now people are trying to figure out what's next. So as I sit here and do this podcast, still grateful that it allows me to, to have a space of expression. And I hope that you enjoy our podcast today. But I had to take some time out to talk about something that's truly devastating. And I'm not gonna lie, I, I don't know if I still have my home by the time we air this, but I hope so.


I think so. We are in a warning zone, but it looks like it's okay. So I'm gonna stay positive. I'm gonna, I'm going to adapt the same attitude that I've seen people on television adapt, who have lost everything. If it is that it's what it was supposed to supposed to be. If it doesn't happen, great. I'm grateful. I am sending Grace mercy and love to everyone who is dealing with this right now in real time. Be safe. I'm sending so much love to my city And I thank everyone who has called has reached out, who has checked on me, who has checked on family and friends.


So with that being said, prayer's up. Thank you all for listening to the podcast. Welcome to Naked Sports, the podcast where we live at the intersection of sports, politics, and culture. Our purpose reveal the common threads that bind them all. So What's happening in women's basketball right now is what we've been trying to get to for almost 30 years. From the stadiums where athletes break barriers and set records. Caitlyn Clark broke the all time single game assist record. This is crazy for rookies to be doing To the polls where history is written. And now we have Kamala Harris. It feels more like women are sort of taking what they've always deserved as opposed to waiting on somebody to give them what they've deserved.


Our discussions will uncover the vital connections between these realms and the community we create. In each episode, we'll sit down with athletes, political analysts and culture critics because at the core of it all, how we see one issue shines a light on all others. Welcome to Naked Sports. I'm your host, Carrie Champion. Hey family. So thank you all for letting me share what I was feeling about the California wildfires. This is a safe space. I appreciate you And I know a lot of you have family and friends there who may have been affected as you listen to this podcast.


And my quick update as I am recording this yet again, home is intact. Things seem to be well and we are just praying for those who lost their homes. But most importantly, everyone who is housing challenged at this moment, we wanna make sure that they find some sort of resources. So please be a part of the community in which The World that we live in, whatever you hear about fires, if it can help someone, if it can perhaps maybe give someone some hope, share that information and whatever way you can do your small part, nothing little is considered little in times like these. Okay, now let's get to this week's podcast.


I had the opportunity to travel to Atlanta for the first serve of the new professional volleyball league. Indoor professional volleyball league, league one volleyball or love as it's called. And I am really excited because I said, Hey, yes, I wanna come down. I wanna find a player to interview And I want to talk about this new league. Women's sports is really at a beautiful intersection in which everyone is interested and wants to invest. So they set me down with one of the leagues stars. Her name is Hailey Washington. And I'm smiling already because Hailey was extremely intelligent, funny and smart. And I was like, this is it.


This is how you get people to pay attention to a new league. You, you bring someone along who is, how would I describe her? She has her own personality. She's very unapologetic. I asked her who she felt as if she was similar to in terms of another sport personality playing style. And she said Dennis Rodman. But listen, Dennis Rodman was arguably one of the best players. Even if he didn't score points, he was in the game, he was making plays, he was always very invaluable. It's the intangibles that h set him apart. And Haley Washington has so many intangibles, one of which is she is extremely funny.


She made me laugh And I kiked And I LO ld And I invite you to do the same with us. Please enjoy this edition of Naked Sports. Haley, what is the biggest myth in volleyball? I'm so glad you asked. The biggest myth is that you hold your hands like you're praying. If there's one thing we can teach Americans about volleyball, it's hands are held like this. Pancake, pancake. Sausage, sausage, wrists, kiss. That's how we wanna hold our hands. Please. I break your fingers. Stop doing that. It makes you so angry. I, I just, 'cause I see people that are like, I played volleyball in high school and then they hit me with that And I wanna drop kick them in the teeth. I'm just like, just tell me you don't play volleyball.


It's okay. Pancake, pancake. Sausage, sausage, sausage, sausage risk ous. See it's a game of love. It's so beautiful. It's a game of love. It's a game of love. Your thumbs are hugging, your wrists are kissing. It's beautiful. See I got it. Yeah. Okay. Guess I'm ready to play tonight. Do me a favor. I know right. Introduce yourself for us. Hi, I am Haleigh Washington, Two time Olympic medalist, founding athlete for Love bb. It's actually just love, they're gonna hate that I said love bb, founding athlete for love, Penn State alumni and just lover of the game. So today's a an important day and, and by that Emini here, this is the inaugural season of love volleyball. And I really appreciate you taking the time just to be here to explain what this all is.


But I think we need a backstory because this is the first of its kind. It is an original, it is a professional volleyball league and as we know in women's sports, very few professional leagues get the attention that they deserve. But I think something is different in terms of how this will look. Talk to me about your journey to being a professional volleyball player. When do you start playing? Yeah, I started playing volleyball kind of at a later age for a lot of volleyball athletes. I started when I was 12 in middle school. A lot of volleyball players will get their start at 6, 7, 8 years old. And I was just a kid that was running around in the mountains. And so originally I started playing volleyball when I was 12. So it was just something I wanted to do after school. 'cause middle school you could start doing extracurricular activities and truth be told, I really wanted to play football.


I was a tomboy growing up. I really wanted to be a football player. I was gonna be a great wide receiver. And my dad looked at all six foot, three of me 70 pounds wet. And I, it's like you'll die. You get hit by playing football, you can't do that. So my football career was dashed within seconds And I ended up going to play volleyball And I just fell in love with it instantly. Why did you fall in love with it? Instantly? I wish I had like a moment that stood out. That was why I fell in love with it. But it really just, it just made sense to me. Like serving the ball over the net made sense to me and the footwork made sense to me and it was so easy for me to get the concept of the game and why you would get competitive and the energy and the fire like it just from day one I was in love with it.


I'm curious because most people normally look at someone or see some, they can see someone who does what they do or does something that they want to do and they follow in that trajectory. There was not one player in your high school and your middle school on television that you saw and said, I like what she's doing. Well I had a neighbor who Whitney du Bois and she played volleyball. Shout out to Whitney, shout out to Whitney. Shout out Whitney. But I would always wanna go and play at their house when I was like a little annoying ankle biter. And they'd be like, no, Whitney has a volleyball game. And I'd never had the concept of volleyball 'cause I'd only ever seen a volleyball court outside of our old rec center. And it was just an old sand pit with a saggy net. 'cause it was always winter when I was over there. And so I was like, volleyball is people running around in the sand and they can't touch the ball with their hands.


So they played with their head like that was my concept of volleyball. So yeah, I never really had a person that I followed. I never really watched the game. And it wasn't until I was at that tryout that I was like, oh this is what volleyball is. It's past that hit. It's doing this footwork, it's transitioning, it's constant movement. And really after that my dad started to take me to volleyball games. We would watch the high schoolers play And I started to play club and got introduced to kind the more competitive side. But it was just, it really was love at first sight. Wow. Literally love at first sight. Yeah, that's special. I think that what's so interesting about where we are in this world today specifically is about women's sports and we're amplifying it in so many different ways. I have met so many different athletes who have said they wish that they could play at home.


They wish that they could play in front of their family outside of when you graduate from college, that's it. Or at the Olympics for instance. That's your opportunity to really play for home if you will. Your journey started obviously early on, but when you got to Penn State, what was that experience like? You knew that you were special, you knew you had something set apart, obviously recruited full scholarship. Yes ma'am. Congratulations. No, no debt. No debt. No. No college debt. You don't have no college debt. No you don't have to pay for a book. Well that was my, when I was, when I was growing up actually I decided that if I was gonna go to college, it was on a full ride scholarship or not at all. And so I was 12 years old and having a little anxiety attack about my future.


You know like most 12 year olds do of course. And I made a list of everything I loved of like volleyball, basketball, track, choir, theater. I played the trombone. So all these things that I could potentially wanna work towards getting a full ride scholarship for. And I ended up falling on volleyball and worked my butt off to get a full ride to go to Penn State. And the rest kind of is history. The rest is history. Tell us about the history because you did make history while you were there. Yeah, once or twice. Yeah. Yeah. Call Emini here. Penn State was, first of all you said like I had gone to Penn State on a full ride scholarship. I was special. Let's establish, I was not special tell because Penn State kicks you in the teeth. Why do you say that? It's, it's a program that's not supposed to be about me.


It's a program that's built around we, like Russ was really big on We win as a team, you are who you need to be and you can play great volleyball and you can be great but it's not about you. And you go go from being this kind of big fish in a medium sized pond like a good volleyball player in Colorado to Penn State University that has this tradition of excellence, this legacy of winning Emini here. They're one of the few programs that has won four national championships back to back to back. They had just won in 2013. They had so many alumni that were Olympians and like their program was just historic and iconic. And so you get there and you're humbled very quickly. And I didn't even go there thinking that I could be great.


I was just like, you know, I'm just, I'm glad I made it. I got a full ride scholarship school is paid for and I'm just here to work hard and do the best that I can. But it was grueling. It was a grueling four years. Penn State volleyball was the hardest thing I've ever been a part of in my career. Hands down and not because it was like a negative part, it was just that Russ Rose believed in forging you in the fire and that was what we did. We were forged in the fire at Penn State. And it really, I think made me a mentally strong player. And a mentally strong athlete also helped you find your voice. Yeah, more or less. Yeah. Because you have it. So when you get there and you realize that you are a smaller fish in a very big pond, big pond, how do you adjust?


What does that feel like in that particular program? Emini here? I think obviously you have to recognize the things that are outside of your control. I think for a freshman, I'm still an idiot. Let's establish, I was still an idiot freshman coming to campus, I look at myself and try to see wisdom but I really just see an idiot freshman. But you recognize the things that you can and can't control. And I was like, look, whether I get onto that starting spot or not, I can't control that. And I actually suffered a pretty devastating injury during preseason that cost me the first part of the season. And I just remember being like, well there's nothing I can do. All I can do is get in, get my rehab workout, try to be strong and work my butt off. And I remember when I could finally play again, I was playing on the B side And I was like, I don't care that I'm on the B side.


I'm gonna play my hardest And I'm gonna whoop a side's butt. Okay, so for those of us who don't know volleyball, oh sorry, sorry. Yes. Yep. And when I say us Emini here me, what's the B side? Okay, so you have a side and B side. So you have your starting six that are on the court that are gonna play in the game. And then you have your B side, which are the people that are coming into be game changers. They tend to be on the bench and they'll sub in to serve or they'll sub if an athlete's injured. But they're typically your bench players. So you have your A side, it's your starting side and your B side, it's your backup bench players. Okay, so you're on the B. So I was on the B side 'cause I had been injured And I needed to earn my starting spot, which I was absolutely necessary. But I was like, okay, if I'm gonna be over here, they're gonna have to fight tooth and nail to shut me down because I'm gonna whoop their butt.


'cause if they can beat me then they can probably beat the other athletes that they're gonna face a competition. And I remember we had B side whooped butt 'cause we had also two men's practice players and it was me And I was yelling and chirping and talking smack. And what I shocking I know, but I was, yeah, I was just chirping away having a good old time. And we actually ended up winning the drill. We won most of the drills that day. And Russ at the end of practice always talked to the team and he was like, you could have all the energy you want but just remember that you're still on B side. And I was like, thank you. Thank you for the slice ble pie. Thank you. Thank you so much. But the following day I was on east side. Really? Yeah.


Okay. So it's, hold on, let's just don't, just don't, don't talk, don't talk over that you, so you, you are on the B side. It's one practice. It was one practice. Yeah. And then I'm sure if you ask other girls they're gonna be like, it was like a week and a half of practice like, but in my mind, in my memory it was the following day. Damn. Yeah. What'd that say to you? It said that I, that energy goes a long way 'cause I don't think I'm like this stellar attacker. Like I have one of the highest hitting percentages in Penn State history. And like I have like a good hitting, like I was a great middle at the Tokyo Olympics and all this stuff. But like that doesn't matter. I think my personality is kind of what makes me a decent ish player.


'cause I'm loud And I'm obnoxious And I'm in your face and I'm screaming and I'm cussing and I'm smacking butts And I'm talking about all you're what the fans love. It's you're what the game needs. You are it. If you, if you were to describe yourself for folk, for folks who aren't familiar with volleyball, who would be your equivalent? Someone would say, you remind me of such and such in the NBA or the WNBA or in soccer. Who would, who would your personality remind people? Okay, personality. Not going off to Las Vegas for three days. But personality. I'm gonna say Dennis Rodman that I wanna be Rodman so bad And I know maybe a little con like don't worry, don't apologize about it. Just say on we're okay about that.


We're talking on the court. Dennis Rodman. Okay. His flared hair, his obnoxious style, like his just kind of being loud and in your face but also like just a good support player. Like Rodman would have games where he didn't score any points at all, but he was everywhere. That's what I'm saying everywhere. That was my motto for this past Olympics was just do your job. Like you don't gotta be the star, you don't gotta score 20 points, you're gonna blah blah blah blah blah, do your job. And I did it with high energy. And so I think Dennis Rodman, if I can say that's a bold statement, but I'm gonna say it when we come back, Haley shares more about her playing style and what made her realize she was built for this sport back in a moment.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing, it's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. Is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. What question remains? Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Elf Beauty is a tremendous success story. There's no denying that. Amazing eyes, lips, and face products. A devoted and savvy customer base and visionary leadership have all played an undeniable role. But Elf Beauty also credits their diverse board. It's all spelled out in the not so white paper, which connects the dots between diverse corporate boards of directors and positive results created in collaboration with North Carolina a and t. It includes enlightening tidbits such as companies that had boards with greater gender diversity saw a 15% return on equity and a 50% reduction in earnings risk over one year. That's not all. Women on boards correlate to better price to earnings ratios. And not surprisingly more diverse boards are less likely to get hit with large scale discrimination lawsuits. But perhaps the best argument of all is Elf Beauty's track record of 23 straight quarters of growth. And of course their board is the model of corporate diversity. The paper is a fantastic read. Find it at elf beauty.com/not so whitepaper.


Hey everybody, welcome back to Naked Sports. So Haley is in the middle of sharing a story and she talks about how she found out that she was really a special player without bragging, I use the word special one day during practice when she was in college. One day of practice a side the next day you walk in, you're on a side and what do you say to yourself? I say to myself, okay don't blow it, idiot. You know, positive self talk. I'm a mentor, I'm a role model. Sorry, definitely just touched my mic. Sorry I have no, I I pushed this mic around 20 times. Deal with it. No, I'm kidding. But no steal that. That aspect of of humility, I was like okay, yes I earned it but let's not like just assume that that's it.


Like you still gotta do your job. Yeah, do your job idiot. And I wouldn't dare call you that but yeah, I call myself. Okay so then you get in there, you do your job And I work my butt off. I get I think defensive player of the year, something all Big 10, I don something like that. And I love the humble brag. I don't know, I just Just say I'm not like humble brag. I don dunno. I just, I day, I'm brag I all Big 10 Pete. I'm just kidding. I'm joking. Cut that. Cut that out in Stays in. Don't take it out producer. Okay, so you you, you literally show up and you show out and you do your job. How's that season end? We got a national championship actually. Okay. But truth be told, that was not a humble brag. Again, I just was saying a fact we won a national championship that season.


We had two starting freshmen, me and Ali grantee. And it sounds like this great accomplishment but I played like trash the NCAA tournament. Russ was even very kind enough to tell me that at the end of the tournament he was like, Hey you played like garbage on NCAA a tournament. I said, thanks Russ, appreciate you And I but the thing is I didn't need to play great. It was again, 'cause it's not about me, it's about we. So I did my job well enough. It's right that the women around me could take care of business and they could get the W and that's what we did. I just did my job. The sidebar, not even a sidebar, but actually what I am noticing as I listen to you talk, and I've said this about women in sports, obviously it builds your self-esteem and your confidence.


That's something that, and there's much more positivity about women who play sports then there is about women who don't. And it's not a knock, it's just what it is. But there is this thing about women in general, when we get into this world and we live, we live in The World, it's hard for us to find our voice. It's hard for us to speak up and raise our hands. You don't have that problem. But what I I love is that you have the humility mixed with that. And that is a special, that's a yes and and it's an invaluable trait that you don't get to see so much of. And it takes, it separates you from everyone else. It really does. Thank you. And I think that helps as Russ has pointed out, you know, I love your energy but you do your job but I'm gonna do my job well And I'm gonna be everywhere And I'm not trying to be the best, but I'm gonna be everywhere and do my job. Yeah. Now when you have that same mentality, And I know in 2017 you also went to the semi-finals, right?


You guys, you guys win semifinal semi-finals. Oh reverse Sweat by Nebraska in 2017. I don't wanna talk about it but Penn State just did that to them this year. So, so it's fine. I guess we can talk about it. It's fine. We can't talk about it's, we can talk about it the whole time that you're playing in college, do you think that there is a life after in terms of playing professional volleyball? I love this question. I remember my sophomore year being in the locker room and being asked, Hey will you go pro? And that was the first time that had ever been presented to me, this idea of going pro. And I remember jokingly being like pro, my niece can barely handle college. There's no way I can handle pro. If I could go back and slap sophomore year me be like, shut up. Look how far we can go. I would, but I never really thought that I could play pro let alone do USA.


I remember my senior year being asked, will you try out for the USA gym? And telling them, I just don't really think I'm a good enough blocker. I'm not offensive enough in front of the setter. So I just, I don't really think it's gonna be for me. And that was just kinda my mentality was like, I'm gonna get through college. And I remember my senior year well because I really wanted to stay in academics. Why? I wanted to get why not go pro Pro? Yeah. One, it was so far away and like everybody that came back kind of told me these horror stories of being overseas, being isolated from your family, you're far away for a long period of time. We're not really making big money. So I was like, this doesn't sound fun. But I remember talking to Russ again, Russ Rose, this guy influenced my whole life.


I remember talking to Russ about going overseas 'cause I had this idea that, okay, I'll go play pro for two years, save up enough money to pay for a little bit of my master's degree and then I'll come back and get my master's in philosophy. And then I was gonna be a critical race philosopher and then a librarian and work in the library of Congress. That was the dream. Sounds exciting. Yeah. Volleyball is better. No Tino shit. I so work in the library of Congress, but volleyball has been way more exciting. Yeah. But Russ actually pulled me aside and he was like, if you're gonna do this overseas thing, do it right. He's like, build yourself up, build a career, build a name for yourself. Don't just shut it out after two years he's like, commit to it. And I was like, this Russ guy, I'm telling you man, he's a legend. He's a life coach as well. Let him let, don't let him fall back into the pages of history you guys.


He is a gangster and built the program at, he coached Penn State for 43 years. Built volleyball at that school was the Rus they want Russ Rose man. Alright. Yeah. So he says do it right, do it right. You get those orders, then you think, why not? I do want to say this. You were going to give up on a dream because it was far away. Mm. It wasn't a dream though for you though. It wasn't a dream. Yeah. I wonder, is it a dream for others? I you definitely. And they think they don't wanna do it 'cause they don't wanna go overseas. I, that's a fear of mine is that, or worse, people do follow their dream and they go overseas. And I'm telling you, it's not a glamorous life. We're very spoiled in college sports here with our nice, some of us have charter flights and If We don't have charter flights, we at least fly like domestic and it's comfortable.


And we have these big fancy locker rooms and now there's underwater treadmills at programs and dining halls with lots of fancy food. And we have ice baths and hot tubs and we're spoiled in college sports. And then you go overseas and you're on a Greyhound bus for six hours to go to your next game. You get to a hotel where you're sharing it, where you're sharing a room and there are two twin sized beds and the locker room that you have is leaking. And you have to make sure that you have all your stuff and your equipment because nobody else is handling grease. Like it's a culture shock. And so you follow this dream to go overseas into play pro and you're really fighting and fending for yourself.


And it's not always like that. There are some definite good teams that have great resources. So no team, no shade to any of the international leagues. I was blessed that Italy, I had some really great opportunities. Some great resources. Yeah. That a side note, she, she's been playing overseas in Italy. Not a bad gig. Not a bad, not a bad gig. You like pasta? I do not like pasta Too carby. It's too car baby. I gain weight like crazy. I can't enjoy pasta. I can ask the occasional pasta is, is the pasta there bad? And like I feel like I, I, you know, it's so good. It's so good. And I feel like you can't get, but the problem is you just, you can't eat it all the time. Huh? I like wine though. Okay. And Italians gun, let me tell you what I did learn overseas is the wine. So, so there are presumably, and this is why we are here today to talk about this professional league that is stateside.


But there are presumably, And I don't wanna make up numbers, but there are many women, maybe hundreds, maybe thousands of women who, who gave up the opportunity or perhaps thought about going overseas to play, but they just didn't wanna do it because of what it required on them mentally and physically and personally. No holidays, no Like no holidays with family. Thanksgiving, new Year's. What's the season? Christmas. So if you're a national team athlete, the season can be anywhere from October till May. But if you're not a national team athlete, if you're just coming outta college or if you're not doing national team, they usually ask you around like August. So you'll be out there August, September, October, November, December, January, February.


It it's like 10 months. Wow. It's a long season. And if you're in a higher tier team, you have usually champions league and then you have Cup Talia and so Kpa and regular season. So you're playing two, three games a week, you're traveling constantly. Your off day is really your travel day. So you're also seeing everybody. You never get a chance to be by yourself. It's how much money do you make? It's decent. It's I real crass. Am I, I'm gonna talk numbers. I think women in sports don't talk. I hate that they don't talk numbers. Yeah. My last season I made 230,000, which is pretty high paying for a middle blocker. But Emini here, there are girls that are making Emini here. There are some pro girls that are making millions and like in endorsement sponsorships.


But I think on average we're trying to make a six figure contract. So League one was a downgrade from 230,000, but still six figures. I think I'm making somewhere from like one 20 to one 50. God, I have to look at my contract. I do how much I make. But yeah, still six figures. And they offer decent money to most of the athletes as far as I know, maybe not always six figures. Especially for girls that are coming out of college or for girls that are, have less experience overseas or in the pro world. But the money's decent. Pays the bills. So it's 10 months overseas, somewhere in the twos, anywhere upwards to the perhaps seven figures in the millions. That's for the oh oh oh oh oh 1%. Okay. Of athletes. That's for like the On average? Yeah, on average.


I would say on average, if you're going, if you're an American going overseas, on average you're looking at 120 I think like the Olympic American athletes that go overseas wearing the six figures. But if you're just an average college girl, Emini here, starting salary is gonna be at 21. So Russ gives you this advice and he says do it and do it right. How'd that work out for you? I think I went into overseas with a good mentality of like Just say yes. Like whatever opportunities, present yourself to them Say yes and work hard. And so it worked out well because I played on this really low level a two team my first season only for month and a half, two months. 'cause I came in for a half season, we didn't make playoffs so I just kind of came in but made enough of a statement that I got on an A one team, the last place team in A one which if you don't know volleyball, most professional leagues overseas have like an A one team and an A two or an A one league and an A two league.


Okay. It's like our N na, like our NBA and the G League, whatever. Okay, perfect equivalent. Yep. Yeah. And so I was on the last place team in a one, but then I managed to work my way up to the fourth place team in a one. And then I was in the top one or two teams for the rest of my career. So you did it right. Did it right. As Russ suggested. As Russ suggested, he's a very wise man. I'm you wise man. He's wise man. When we return, what does the future of professional volleyball look like here in America? Back in a moment,


Piece of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey Fab. If you like me, you're thinking about how to live up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Elf Beauty is a tremendous success story. There's no denying that. Amazing eyes, lips, and face products. A devoted and savvy customer base and visionary leadership have all played an undeniable role. But Elf Beauty also credits their diverse board. It's all spelled out in the not so white paper, which connects the dots between diverse corporate boards of directors and positive results created in collaboration with North Carolina a and t. It includes enlightening tidbits such as companies that had boards with greater gender diversity saw a 15% return on equity and a 50% reduction in earnings risk over one year. That's not all. Women on boards correlate to better price to earnings ratios. And not surprisingly, more diverse boards are less likely to get hit with large scale discrimination lawsuits. But perhaps the best argument of all is Elf Beauty's track record of 23 straight quarters of growth. And of course their board is the model of corporate diversity. The paper is a fantastic read. Find it at elf beauty.com/not So whitepaper,


Welcome back to Naked Sports. So just for context, I wanna remind you I am in Atlanta while during this interview and we are just hours away from the beginning of making history and professional volleyball. Take a listen. I want you to talk to me about when you heard about this opportunity. There's been other professional volleyball leagues. There's been obviously beach volleyballer people have tried to do and some of them have failed because there have been issues with finance. Money is always the issue. Money is always the issue. Money is always the issue. And I and And I don't wanna make this a negative, but when when you were approached by love, what were you thinking? Is this real? Can I do this?


And I know this has been in the works for some years now, but what were your initial thoughts? Yeah, I think my initial thoughts were excitement. 'cause I had been approached by a couple other leagues about how they wanted to kind of run American volleyball. So I've been approached by au, which is another volleyball league that we have here in the States. And it's super fun. It looks like the girls that go and play and it have a really great time. And again, it's a way to bring volleyball to America. So I love that AU is a thing. And I had been approached by them And I didn't love kind of their format though, like I just wanted it to be a regular volleyball league. And they rotate teams every week. And I was like, eh, I'm not as excited about that. And then I had been approached about another potential league that was all, all stars and it was only for a couple weekends and it was just like all star showings and showcases And I was like, I don't love that either.


And so when League One kind of came up to me when love approached me, they were like, Hey, we have this idea for a league and it's just a regular old volleyball league, but it's a grassroots movement. It's oriented in the community. We wanna get youth athletes involved, youth sports involved. I was like that I'm interested in because I think that there's an untapped market in youth sports here, stateside. I think that like youth sports are so big in America and we do a really good job of developing our younger athletes. And so to tap into that market while also funneling that excitement into a pro league and to provide just a regular old pro league is so exciting. And so I was, I was on board from the jump. Oh wow. As soon as they presented the idea, I was like, yes, I'm in.


Wow. And I think it was just, it was kind of that mentality of yes and, and then like what do I have to lose? Like if it fails, whatever, at least I tried. You have the opportunity to still go play overseas. That's still an option for you. Yeah, for sure. This is a win-win. Absolutely. Like there was no, like Italy wasn't just gonna disappear off the face of the earth because I did League one and there are so many leagues in The World. There's France, there's Germany, there's Korea, there's Japan, there's Turkey. Like so it was never gone. So I was like, why not take the time to invest in this? You look at the WNBA and you see what, what it you, you know it's inception. Mm. Right. And where it is now. Do you see that being the same vision for For love I think yes, I think I Okay.


Where to begin? One, I don't love the comparison of, are you gonna be like the WNBA? Are you gonna be like the, the fair and WSL? Because we're all different things And I think like they're all gonna have, I think what makes volleyball fun is the intimate environments. I think what makes the WNBA fun is their big atmospheres. And so, but they didn't always have big atmospheres. I know. And so like, those are things that are like growing into, so I think women's volleyball is gonna have its own kind of path. And I think the start of the intimate atmosphere is gonna be kind of our What will set you apart. Yeah. What will set us apart is that intimate atmosphere can feel like a lot of fun, whereas sometimes in the WNBA, that intimate atmosphere can feel a little bit almost energy sucking, at least in their inception. I don't wanna overstep.


I am, I don't wanna say anything rude, but I think that intimate atmosphere can really be great for near Jenna se Quois. What? Yeah. What we like about going to a, a love volleyball game. So, so as we record this podcast, love's first serve will be on ESPN Plus. Woo. It's huge. Right? I think that's a huge start. I, I'm curious as to what you think will make this first game different. You said you want your own path, you don't wanna be compared, and that's very fair. I think that the comparisons are also fair as well. Yeah, definitely. I'm sorry if that came across as rude. No, no, I wasn't. No, no, no. But I think they're fair because people, what I, what I think when I say that is, it started off with fanfare.


People are excited. It might have some growing pains as all things do. Oh, it's always gonna, yeah. Always. But then, then there comes this moment where people understand it's its value. Yeah. And start to appreciate it. That's the trajectory. That's that I was talking. That's, I think, yes. Yeah, I absolutely agree. And, but I'm sorry. No, no. Go. No, no, go. Go. I think the WNBA has kicked butt in kind of paving the way for women's sports also. And so I think like there's gonna be, yeah, that growing pain time where there's, where there's less engagement, where maybe not as many people are watching for sure. But the WNBA and just women's sports in 2024 have really kind of put us on the map, have helped with getting more exposure. Like the WNBA really came up from nothing.


There really weren't meant, there wasn't much excitement for women's sports when it was in, like, when it had its inaugural season and when it was first starting up. And they really had to kind of like build from somewhat nothing. And so I think that they have done a great job kind of paving the way and getting people excited about women's sports. And so I think that's maybe what might make it easier for us to get people's attention and get people excited. Well, yeah, because I, I, I can't remember a time where you got a professional women's league and, and they're like, let's just put it on ES, ESPN in any capacity. Yeah. And you know, year to year, even the growth, the NCAA championships, from my understanding, we are 41% from year to year. And that's huge. Definitely. To actually tune in and see people are paying attention.


It's in the zeitgeist, if you will. I hate to use that word. It is out. Oh, huge. But it just out there. But I, I I'm interested in what you think the ceiling is, or is there no ceiling. What I think the ceiling is. What is The World that you could imagine in your wildest dreams and The World that you think will actually be in my wildest dreams? I imagine every game is like the NCAA championship. Mm. I know that that's a, that's a big dream. But Emini here, if you can get fans that excited for one game out of the year, I don't see why you can't get them hyped for every game. Kind of like that. And Emini here, I just went like, I went to a hockey game.


Abs played Utah Hockey Club in Salt Lake City. And I was like, this is so cool. And it's so possible for women's, like I think it's possible for women's volleyball to be in those big arenas, be in those spaces for people to be excited. We have to teach people how to be volleyball fans. We have to tell 'em it's okay to be loud. It's okay to make noises when you're not gonna scare us away. It's okay. Yeah. That's so interesting that you say that. Well, it's just 'cause volleyball's like tennis, so they assume it's like tennis or fight during the serve. Yeah. Fight during. So interesting that you say you have to teach people how to be fans. You have to teach people how to understand the sport. You have to teach them. And that is the onus, honestly, is on the people who know the sport and the people who play it.


Yeah, definitely. I'm just bringing you in and be like, Hey, come on. I don't know what we gotta do. If it's, I don't know, whatever it is you are going to get you guys excited about this game. Sorry, I do wanna ask you a question about being an Olympian. And, and that's the ultimate goal. And I, And I'll find a way to put this back And I wanna weave in the ultimate, I think for many athletes, no matter who you are, even if you play professionally, the goal is ultimately to represent your country. You have the opportunity to do that in a major way. You want a gold and you want a silver middle blocker. Talk to me about those, those experiences for you. What does it feel like to actually take a sport? 'cause I, I believe during the Olympics, that's when volleyball gets more attention. Definitely at, at, at the highest levels. And it's, it's global so people can pay attention and they understand the sport in a different way.


What does that feel like for you for a sport that get so little? Attention states on Emini here, the Olympics, you always get hype over sports that you don't usually get to see because there's just less coverage of it. Like track and field is one of the most watched events. Yes. But outside of the Olympics, like unless you're following an athlete on Instagram, you're not really seeing what they're doing during a quad. And so I think every kind of sport, even gymnastics, gymnastics, track and field rugby, although rugby now is picking up, so I don it's huge. Yeah. Um-huh. But I just think to be at that stage, to be at the Olympics and like know that kind of The World is watching, especially with the background of playing overseas. 'cause internationally volleyball is a big sport.


Turkish fans, Brazilian fans, it is Italian fans. They're big. It's, it's big over there. And so you kind of feel all eyes on you in that moment, which is a, on the one hand, scary and intimidating. But on the other hand, still just volleyball court's the same size and that's the same height. So all you have to do is what my motto is. Do your job. Yeah. Do your job go out there. I'm telling you, it's, that's the name of this podcast. Do your job, your job. Hey. Says do your job. Like, it's so easy to just not be bad at life. Just do your, just do your job. Stop trying to be a star. Just do your job. Yes. Do your job. But yeah. Okay. So I, I'm gonna say this, and this is just, this is just my projection. I do believe that this sport will do well.


I agree. But it needs, it needs its characters. It needs, its, it needs people to distribute. Correct. And I was like, you are a luminary. And I, And I think that if people can understand who you are, where you come from, and their personality is absolutely a one. So I, I think that if you have more stars, people can follow and be invested. I'm fully invested. Yeah. I wanna, I really am invested. I'm like, I'm in love with her Emini here in, in a completely platonic way, but I'm like, I really wanna know. I really like, I really wanna know what else is happening. Your favorite food. My favorite food is rice. I know that sounds super boring, but you can do so much with rice. Rice. You don't eat pasta, but you just like rice. Yes. I love rice.


Joof rice joof rice cilantro, lime rice. You can eat rice. You just make rice. Rice with eggs. No, with parm risotto. Are you kidding me? Do you put meat in there? Just rice? No, just rice. So if you were on an island, all you need is rice. You can do so much with rice. You just find rice and spices. Rice is great. I love Rice. Favorite song right now? Dodger Blue by Kendrick Lamar. Favorite artist right now. So good. So good artists right now. The beaches. They're Canadian bands. Okay. You threw me off with that one. Sorry. Sorry. I appreciate that. Alright, I'm sorry. Favorite dance right now. What's your celebration? Dance. Well see I'm not like, I just, I can't do that on this. I like thought back. Put hip side aside. You don't how No, I don know.


Oh, it's just get up and do it. No, you can't do it. You're like, I'm not doing it. Tequila in me or you pay me for it. It's just not something Virginia drink. Ooh, water. Stay hydrated. Okay. Actually pompous LaCroix is my, I love LaCroix dude. But if we're speaking in the more like, Ooh, adult beverage, a dog beverage. I love tequila. I did a tequila tasting when I went to Disney World with my boyfriend and that was Fire Ajo. Tequila bomb. That's it. That's all we're doing. A big fan of tequila. Big fan of Te Anjo is your thing. Ajo. Okay. I like it. Ooh. Or a good mezcal. Ooh. Oh wait, I take it back.


I'm gonna be that pretentious a-hole. It's like I mess cow. That's me. I love a smoky Mezcal. Such douche. Any, any mix? You just mezcal rocks. Well, like a mezcal. I'm just, I don't love mixed drinks. I don't like the sugar. So like a mezcal sunrise. That's easy. It's like orange juice. Okay. All sugar. Just Mexican. All rice. This is me Rice. Okay. That's real gangster. Favorite athlete. There's so many good ones to choose from. Shaki Richardson, Simone Biles. Katie Ledecky. I'm gonna go Katie Ledecky right now. Why? Because she's a mermaid and I've always wanted to meet a mermaid or l me.


Dang. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna go Katie Ledecky and I'm sticking with the Mermaid thing, but she's around Thin ice. Katie something cool. Yeah, she soon she wrote a book. She's just like, she's so smart. She loves LaCroix. Like I love LaCroix. We're meant to be better. You're meant to be Pop. Is she like popcorn loose? The LaCroix? I think she's a raspberry girl. Okay. Crush at the moment. Adam Driver. Oh yeah. I was like, name Adam. Driver's your crush. Adam Driver is so Daddy, what? Can I say that that out? Yes. Call your daddy. Why? Yeah, because he's, he's got that like burly muscly, but also like dorky kind of look. Ooh. Or Leandra Earl. She's one of the artists in the beaches. Okay. She's awesome. Okay.


All right, there you go. And then when we get ready to get our mind right before a game, what are we listening to? What's your, what's your go song? Either Sweet transvestite from the Rocky Horror Picture Show or Plagues from the Prince of Egypt? Both musicals. Those musicals get you hyped to play. They Get Me. Have you heard Plagues? No, I have not. Girl, I need to get to it. You gotta get on that. Okay. Well play it in the podcast. Yeah. It's gnarly. Okay. Don't play Sweet transvestite. That's not for this kind of podcast. Okay. But that's what that's, that gets you right. Yeah. It gets every time you go out. Yeah. I played that the entire Olympics before every game.


What? Yeah. In your mind. Locked in zone. Yeah. 'cause it's like this slow build and there's this one part in the plague song at least where it like really just hits and you're just like, oh, we're going US music. I can't sing so I'm not singing for you. I was plague. I'm like, I'm quiet. I'm like, would she do it? Maybe we'll get her to sing. Yeah, get out that mescal and that girl. This might, we are having some mescal for the game. Your favorite saying? My favorite saying of one thing I'm certain in is that I know nothing. Pancake. Pancake. Sausage. Sausage. Risky. It's love. It's love, man. Love. Hailey. I love you. Thank you for being here. This was so fun. It was great. It was great. It's great.


Goodness. I surely enjoyed that young lady. We had a good time. So huge. Thank you though. Let me get these out of the way to Stephanie Martin of League One volleyball and everyone who made this possible, the first game was a huge success. Follow along on their site League one volleyball as they played through their inaugural season. Remember here's to everyone watching women's sports, I'll talk to y'all next week. Naked Sports, written and executive produced by me. Carrie Champion, produced by Jacque Thomas Sound Design and mastered by Dwayne Crawford, associate producer, Ola Busa. Shabby Naked Sports is a part of the Black Effect podcast network in iHeart Media.


Listen to me, this is Charlamagne. Tha God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, all getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now, Elf Beauty is a huge success story. But did you know they believe their success is in part due to the diversity of their board and the data backs them up. The not so white paper created in collaboration with North Carolina a and t connects the dots between diverse corporate boards and positive results, which can include a higher return on equity, better price to earnings ratios, and even fewer discrimination lawsuits. Read it yourself@elfbeauty.com slash not so whitepaper


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.