
Are you still trying to find that perfect album to set the mood for getting ready. Elf Cosmetics has just the thing with their new album. Get Ready With Music. Empowering Beats from emerging artists fuel every look and mood, giving you the runway to express your true self in any situation. So next time you're getting ready with Elf's incredible power grit primer before a night out, find the album. Get Ready with music on the iHeartRadio app and get your mood on


The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frazier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor. Subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break For me.


The year 2020 presents an alchemy of highlights and low lights. The pandemic and the ensuing shutdown of the country were alarming. Yet simultaneously there was this racial renaissance. It prompted this nation to confront its ugly history of white versus black. And while The World was working to find its way back to normal, there were two young women who had graduated high school that very year preparing to embark on their collegiate and athletic careers. Both highly touted players from two different backgrounds, two different playing styles, but arguably the same agenda to be the best because of Covid and different restrictions across the country. And if we're honest, lack of interest. The World wasn't focused on women's college basketball. So for the masses, Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese seemingly became famous overnight. However, as we find out in this series, Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese were supernovas in the making. The masses were just late to the discovery. Clark and Reese clearly represent so much more than basketball. They represent resilience, possibility, and resistance. There I say their on the court rivalry is what we all needed to push this country out of archaic archetypes that surround the game and filter the way we see women's sports in general. Clark and Reese have expanded the horizons of the game in ways that my humble mind never envisioned. So how did we reach this point? Allow me to tell you a story. The Superman needed Lex Luthor. The Batman needed the Joker. And I Don't don don't mean to put Angel Reese in some kind of villain. This role. 'cause I don't consider her a villain, but I think every great player needs a foil. The reason Why we watching women's basketball is not just 'cause of one person, it's Because of Me Too. And You know. I don't think there should be any criticism for what she did. I honestly didn't see it when the game was going on. But the story became more compelling and the desire to watch and talk about it became more compelling when she had a foil, angel won a Nashville Championship, she has 4 million plus followers. She's at the Met Gala sza and Meg Thee Stallion wanna come sit courtside and watch her Naked Sports The Making of a Rivalry, a six episode docuseries that explores the media frenzy surrounding two Supernovas and Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese. I'm your host Kerry Champion and Welcome to the Making of a Rivalry.


Typically what it takes is for there to be a, a rivalry, a moment, a star player that comes along that makes us think differently about the game and gets everybody sort of galvanized behind either a, a sport, a player, a moment. It's always something. You know there's been watershed moments in like Major League Baseball. You could say when integration occurred, you could say when Hank Aaron broke, babe Bruce home run record. There's A new home run champion of all time. And if Henry Harris, There's been these moments that you can just recall off the, off the top of your head that you felt like the sport itself was ascending to a higher place. And so we've been able to experience that.


Jemele Hill covered women's basketball in the beginning of her career. And I call her a grizzly media veteran. And she says that this moment in women's basketball has been building. But Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese, well those two, they set off this explosion of interest. This moment in women's basketball is shapeshifting. I think a lot of us who have covered women's basketball and women's sports in particular, I think there's other sports you can point to that moment when it happened where you saw there was a decided shifting move that took the league from one place while growing, but to an exponential growth. And I'm just really happy I was alive as someone whose first professional beat was the WNBA when I was a young cub reporter.


So what I would say is that, yeah, it's shape shifting. It's changing not just the league, it's changing culture. It's changing the way we look at female athletes. I think the last, I would say the last three to five years, it was, it was a, a steady increase. And then it was like, boom. The rocket hit The WNBA is in its 28th season. But if you start to think about it, some would say it feels as if history is repeating itself. Jamele reminds us that the NBA You know where the men play. Wasn't always a ratings juggernaut. People often forget just how poorly the NBA was thought of You know when before magic.


And bur kind of took the lead to another level. You're talking about You know finals games being on tape delay David Stern having to deal with the reputation that the NBA was full of junkies and like they had a massive drug problem in the league. Like they had a lot of stuff going on. And really they were very concerned whether or not it'd be financially solvent, magic and bird. When they came along, they weren't ready. I mean, they were still tanking. They weren't ready for that, but they adapted and they adjusted. You used the word detonated when she arrived. What is it about Kaitlyn Clark that changed the landscape of women's basketball? So it's a combination of factors. And, I, do hope people focus on the fact I said combination.


Okay. Because I have realized in talking about her in the past, that people only hear the trigger word After the break, Jamele will break down some of those trigger words and explain this new fandom for the women's game. The Making of a Rivalry Caitlin Clark vs. Angel Reese. Back in a moment,


Did You know that over 90% of women say listening to music while getting ready, boost their mood. That's why it's so cool that Elf Cosmetics has put out Get Ready with Music. The album, as you might've guessed, it's music to listen to while you're getting ready. You can match your music to the day ahead and the look you're going for. This album that Elf has put together is the ultimate soundtrack for self-expression with empowering beats that help fuel every look and mood, giving you the runway to express your true self. Plus Elf is all about turning over the mic to emerging artists who each have their own distinct and creative energy who don't limit themselves to a genre. Artists like Charlotte Rose, Benjamin Betty, who, and Medulla. It's music made for the unapologetically expressive just like you. So next time you're getting ready with Elf's incredible power grip primer, find the album, get Ready with music on the iHeartRadio app and get ready to express yourself.


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget like the Jackson Noble Fur. It's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked starry light. Fraser fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths, or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


Like I don't really hear the noise, I just come here and play basketball every single day. And that's what I focus on. I on a personally Day, Caitlin Clark for lifting up our sport. Don Staley isn't wrong. Kaitlyn Clark has lifted the sport and it was good to hear her say it, but it's not just because Kaitlyn's a great player. There are so many other factors that have been ignored. She is playing like Steph Curry. It's her whole narrative. It's her whole story. It's like the way she plays the style coming from Iowa. And while Iowa basketball has its own culture and certainly have had other players. But I think when you come from Iowa, there's an underdog nature to that. Like you're not from la you're not from You know New York, a known basketball entity.


You're from Iowa, right? And these, this, that's a place that from a national level isn't always seen. It's overlooked. It's in the Midwest, right? So where she is and then she's straight and she's white and all of those factors, her talent leads first and she broke a lot of very important records. And then once you start getting to the subgroup and the nuance, you see how that all appeals. But when it hit the fan is when suddenly there's a foe. Right? And I think that's why people make the comparison so much to Bird and Magic. They needed each other. You know, it's like Superman needed Lex Luthor.


The Batman needed the joker. And I Don't don don't mean to put, to put Angel Reese in some kind of villainist role. 'cause I don't consider her a villain, but I think every great player needs a foil. They need a foil, right? And You know A foil meaning someone to say, yeah, you're great, but I'm just as good. I'm just as A foil as meaning To say I have just as many tricks. Correct. A foil that can take something from you that people think you deserve. Like magic needed bird to take things from him to take rookie of the year to take championships. He needed that to become a great player. And he talks about it all the time. Larry Bird, he did the same thing. Why? What did magic take from Bird Yo Championships?


I mean, they were both duking it out for who was gonna be the best player of, of that generation. And You know they're the two most successful franchises in in NBA history. They needed that You know ying needs yang. All right. And so I I think Twins need twins. Yeah. Shout out to the y yang. Yang, Yes. Right? Yeah. Like, it's like you Drake needs Kendrick. Ooh, Kendrick needs Drake. Drake needs Kendrick. I'm saying it. Drake needs Kendrick. This Is what it takes. It's like if you don't have, Just as a reminder, yes Sir. You need somebody who's gonna say like, I, I gotta take it from him. And You know, I relate it back to your favorite player. And. I. I say Thomas.


The Reason Now if anybody knows either of us, that is false. Magic is my magic is her is my favorite. Kobe is my favorite. But if we talking about that era, magic is my favorite. But Isaiah, he he needed magic. He did. And vice versa. Yes. He needed, he needed that foil that was gonna get him there. Which is why people are like, who was Magic's? And Michael Jordan needed the pistons. I mean, excuse me, Michael Jordan's, who was Michael Jordan's foil in real time? It it was for For how long? In a real way. Well See the thing is, is like You know because of the way we were beating Jordan down, you can all look it up people. It's like, I'm not making This up.


Okay, lemme tell you something. We didn't beat Michael Jordan down. Okay. Okay. Okay. We didn't. Well, once he got past y'all, it was no looking back. Yes. It didn't, it wasn't like y'all had a dynasty. Y'all didn't have a dy It wasn't like y'all got 17 chips. You don't have 17 banners hanging in your arena. See what I'm saying? In Detroit. See what I'm saying? Okay. Well you have have four six. We have three. Oh, okay. Thank you. And. I was, I was being kind. Yes. And two of Those, we meet the Lakers. Okay, that's fine. But we still got 17. We should, so what you're telling me is we should have 19. We should have 19 is what you're telling me. We gave y'all two just for charity. Who has the, it was rigged fake news. It was faith the Most NBA championships now for a franchise. I believe it's Boston. Is that who it's, They got us this year.


God bless y'all. But we'll be back. Isaiah needed Le Larry Bird. Okay. He needed, they need, This is not about us. It's Not about us, but It's about us. The whole point is the beauty of sports is seeing the athletes go on the journey. Put your on Peyton Manning needed Tom Brady talk about it. Who Tom Nee needed him. Who? Who? Tom Nee. I mean, well considering how well he needed Eli Manning. Yeah. We gotta Keep Tom. But if we start, if we, if we like, it's almost like saying Detroit needed the Lakers. They didn't. And so we had Boston Celtics and we still do, they keep us humble boat. But You need, you need, you need a, you need something that creates the inertia and the tension.


And the thing is, now And I think both players, even though they play different positions, both Angel Reese and Kailynn Clark, I would not believe either of them if they said they were not paying attention to what the other one was doing. Oh gosh. Especially You know. We go through the, that stretch where Angel has like double, double on, double double on Double double 14 straight, I think something that's Sick. Right. And then Caitlin is You know, I think the last regular season game is, we're recording this. She had A-A-A-W-N-B-A record 19 assist. Like they're, they're every week they're watching, they're topping each other. They're Watching, they're absolutely Watching. And by the way, if they say they're not competing in anyone who's watching this suggesting that we're pitting them against another, then they shouldn't be playing pro. Like, 'cause as a professional, your job is to compete at the highest levels.


Correct. And you're, you're, you're checking what other people are Doing and you're also wanting to be better. 'cause you need, to your point, it's a foil in which she needs Angel Reese, how would you describe her as a foil? I, I mean, I, I think, I think Angel, the gr the, what I love about watching her play and even even her demeanor in general, like she is a ride or die. Like I look at how her teammates respond to her. And even though she's a rookie and there's senior and there's veteran leadership that she has on our team, I look at the relationship she has with Teaspoon, who is an am was an amazing player. One of the grittiest dynamic players.


The league that has ever had like Teaspoon didn't play no games. Right. And it's not surprising to me that she's like an amazing coach, but looking at the relationship she has with Kennedy, Carter and Cardosa and like all the players, even the vets on that team, you could tell, you can even tell this at LSU. Like she is the emotional thermometer. It's her and the way she carries herself. She's still got a lot to learn of course. But she plays with a fire and a passion. Every single play that's hard to teach. It is very hard to teach Kelsey Plum the two-time. WNBA champion with the Las Vegas ACEs gives her take on Angel Reese. People feel insecure and you have like a strong black woman that's confident in herself and knows what she's talking about.


And she's just saying what she feels. I think a lot of people were like, whoa. Like how do I feel about this? You never walk away from seeing her play and think she ain't give enough. You never walk away thinking that about her. So it's like the tenacity, like just jumps off the page to me. And I think as she figures out her offensive identity, she gonna be a real problem. She already a problem, a problem now, but she gonna be a real problem. And she's somebody you could definitely see winning a, I mean, winning an MVP one day, like getting all the awards. And now I think people wanna see how this turns out. They wanna see between her and Caitlyn, who wins the championship first, who gets the MVP first?


Who gets Rookie of the Year? Who gets rookie of the year? I mean we're, we're in that right now. It's like, yeah. And you talk to players once they're out of the league and then they're, they're able to be more honest about how they felt in these moments. Again, like they're gonna probably give us the whole, oh You know it's great to be considered. Like, nah, nah, nah, nah, they trying to beat each other for this award. I think let's talk about that. That let's talk about this rivalry. People may be afraid of that word and how, how the story will be couched. But the way in which you just described it a moment ago was that there is a need, there is a need for them to have someone to push them, to make them better. And that if that person is your rival, then you will be the best.


That's great. That's fine. You will always end up in, in rare air if you find yourself constantly competing against the best. There's nothing wrong with that word. Rivalry to me. What is it about the new fans that need this rivalry, this divisiveness, this divide? Is it the, is it the temperature of the country that we live in right now? Yeah. I mean everything feels very divided, but You know, I don't know. I think that the new fans, the, i I think for, especially for people who may have been watching a little bit longer than some of them, they come in with such aggressive hot takes like You know.


I mean, it is like you, the first day you start watching the NBA and you say SD Edwards is the greatest NBA player ever. It's like, what? Like You know. So have you, you've been watching five minutes like sir. Right. It's like, so they ma'am when they do stuff like that, it's just kind of like, it, it, it grates the nerves a bit. But I'm happy they're there. And I. I do feel like And I, I And I felt this way during the course of the season as it became more about ball, A lot of that calmed down right as it became less about the drama. A lot of that calmed down. But what I, I would say, not just with new fans, but I would say sports fans in general. I think where they need to be, where they need to evolve is in how women compete.


Because it's amazing to me that the same thing, they clutch, they little pearls over in the WNBA. They eagerly cheer for it to see men do, right? They cheer for the rivalry, they cheer for the drama, they cheer for the pettiness. I'm like, I see it all the time. They cheer for it. One of the reasons I brought up Anthony Edward Edwards, one of the reasons people love him is 'cause he just don't give you no way. He don't care. I mean, that man got to the Olympics, his first one. He said, oh no, I I'm the star player. Yeah, I'm still the number one us. Y'all might look at it differently. I don't look at differently. I'm like, who else? LeBron's still here, right? Yeah, no. He was like, no, no, no, no. Nah. He like this. My team Like really well that fits, fits into society. Culture has a, a society has a way in which, which women are supposed to conduct themselves.


Yes. Even on the basketball court. Correct. And so you have noticed that the labeling of the rivalry has such a negative connotation when it shouldn't because we love a rivalry in the NBA. Oh, I mean the man is celebrated. In fact, what's the number one complaint you hear about the, the NBA? They're too friendly. Not enough rivalries here. Banana boat hanging out. Yeah, Exactly. Doing all the good things. Why they all train together. My My NBA They weren't friends. Exactly. Couldn't. Kobe would never, Kobe would never. And That's why they could stand each other. Right. And then It was beating Michael Jordan down. Heaven forbid. Yes. And then the ladies You know they engage And I mean 'cause they're competitors.


But competitors too. They show something similar. It's like, what about the children? Excuse them kids. Okay. They'll be all right. Send Them home. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because if it, if we were at an NBA game, you like, that's how played fellas. It's very much. It's very much how if you have a son and a daughter, your son can stay out all night. But you don't know where your daughter is. She needs to get home. It'll Trigger me. Carrie. Yeah. I don Step son. You're gonna trigger me. One of the biggest complaints about the new fans of the WNBA is the slow acceptance to allow women to compete. But it's true. It's like they want women to You know to on the basketball court, to sit around and braid each other's hair and and talk about You know relationships and, and hold hands and sway.


Like that's, I'm like, I don't get this. It's it it's been a physical league. Yes. You as a rookie, you you gonna get it. Yeah. Like I don't care who you are, you gonna get it 'cause they wanna see all this fanfare. You come in here. Is it real? Can you do it? So when you watch people complain about the way in which Kaitlyn Clark might be being treated on the court, do you find yourself helping people remember A-A-W-N-B-A of yesteryear? Oh yeah. I mean, like, I remember when the Kennedy Carter, when she gave Kaitlyn the, I mean I I I feel like I'm diminishing it by calling it a hard fo I mean it was a cheap shot.


It was, was a cheap shot. I mean, it was not a basketball Player, it was not a basketball play. But I had to remind him. I was like, okay. You know there was maybe, I mean, I mean for sure one of the greatest rookies the WNBA has ever had. And some people would be like the greatest rookie that WNBA has ever had. Hmm. They tried to kill Kada Parker. Like she got to a brawl as a rookie. It Would've become a physical game as greatly deteriorated. Pearson and Parker tied up with one Another. They had her on the ground, Had her on the ground. She had Lisa Leslie ready to start. They had Lisa Leslie, Candace Parker was on the ground. Right. And someone was on top of her not telling her sweet nothings Yeah, you're Detroit once again.


That's why Yankee, I can't have nice things there, But we can't, but they gotta look, They Gotta love Candace right on up. Right. And and she talks about all the time about those many rookie moments that she had that year. Every single player in the WNBA could tell you about a moment where they had to prove it. They was about that life You. know what I'm saying? My name is Sabreena Merchant And I am a staff writer at the Athletic covering women's basketball. My colleague Sabreena Merchant was on assignment for the Women's National Championship game in 2023. In fact, she covered the tournament and like many, she was surprised when Iowa and Kaitlyn Clark be defending champions South Carolina.


Good to see you dear friend. I find it interesting that we find this moment to have a conversation. 'cause I, I, I almost feel as if you have always been leading the way on some of these stories, like stories that have been really, really juicy, for lack of a better word. Really complicated, convoluted, controversial. And because it's been women's basketball, no one's paid attention. You've reported on some very intense negotiations, breakups, coverups. And it just all went under, I guess the radar. What's changed since the last time we talked in terms of women's basketball.


So I think the last time we spoke was the 2023 WNBA finals, which was what a great moment that was. Right. That was an incredible series two superstars at the peak of their powers going at it. And think of all that has happened since then, which said two, two players, Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese who came onto the national stage and decided that they were not gonna step off of it. Let's go to October. You mentioned the 2023 WNBA finals before the WNBA finals, there was this little game where these, these two young ladies by the name of Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese meant. Yeah. So I was covering the West Coast games in the tournament. So I was in Caitlyn Clark's Regional in Seattle in 2023.


And great arena, Seattle You know it's where the Seattle Storm play. It's only women's basketball and hockey arena. And this is probably like 60% full during these Elite Eight and Sweet 16 games. And again, elite eight sweet 16 games like You know there's a right to play for the Final four. Iowa's playing Louisville, Haley Van Lith, big name to about 60% full here. So You know, you could tell Caitlyn Clark is a great player. You know she's in the running for National Player of the year. Ultimately ends up losing to Aaliyah Boston. But, or maybe that was the year before. But regardless, like great player, we're not talking national phenomenon yet. Then you get to the final four, you have Iowa versus Undefeated South Carolina. And South Carolina comes in as the defending national champion starting five that has lost maybe eight or nine games together in their last four years.


Undefeated throughout the regular season. Presumably just two games away. No coordination. Right. So Dawn Staley, basically we all thought going into this tournament, Don Staley and South Carolina Game Cox were going to win. Yeah. That's what it was. A no, it was a no-brainer. Brainer. Right? Like if you picked against South Carolina and your bracket, you were just asking to, you're like, well What are you doing? Exactly. You're, You're going against Kobe, you're going against Jordan. You're going against the best of the best. You're going against Tom Brady. What are you doing? Exactly. So it's the nightcap on that Friday of the final four LSU has already beaten Virginia Tech, which in hindsight is a dramatically more important game than we gave it credit for in the time. But You know Caitlyn leads Iowa to this upset of South Carolina. And the energy in that building is unlike anything I can remember previously being present for just live You know the, the tension of like watching a Goliath get slain, right?


Like you just don't see that very often. And You know naturally a team effort. We've seen Kate Martin go on to have a nice little stint with the Las Vegas ACEs so far. Everybody can name players in Iowa now, right? Like Gabby Marshall, Monica's nano it. This is the Caitlyn Clark show. And she puts up 40 points, another magnificent performance and takes down the Giants and it's, oh my God. Like what did we just witness? What did we just witness? Is she the best thing ever? Is she the next Steph Curry? Is she the female Steph Curry? Exactly. All the questions people were asking because I was shocked that she beat Don Staley and South Carolina. I was like, there was no game plan for her. Right? There was no game plan for Kaitlyn Clark And it didn't seem like a fluke either.


It looked like she was in complete control of that game, which is not something you expect to see against, again, undefeated defending national champion, like multiple players going to the pros, best defense in the country, all of that. So you name it, they had every accolade and she Walked in there and Don Staley. Yeah. And Dawn Staley, which is the cherry on top of the ice cream. So she walks away from this game and we're, I know, I'm thinking don don't know what we've just witnessed, but everyone is talking about it. I'm not, and by everyone I mean not just within our world, it's on national news. It is everywhere. People who don't watch women's basketball are telling you about what they think about these women. Yeah. It's the kind of thing where you get texts the next morning like, oh my God, did you watch that game?


Yeah. Like can you believe what just happened? As if professionally this isn't what I have to do to be in person to cover that game. Iowa Text conquered South Carolina. Yeah, that was, I think that's when the switch flipped. Switch Flipped after the break. My colleague and host of the Good Game podcast, Sarah Spain shares her thoughts Having so many conversations with different WNBA players and reporters over the years. One of the things that was standing in the way of people embracing the game is just that it looks a little different than professional men's basketball. And people who could get hung up on they're not dunking would choose that as the reason that they didn't appreciate the game. Back in a moment,


Did You know that over 90% of women say listening to music while getting ready, boost their mood. That's why it's so cool that Elf Cosmetics has put out Get Ready with Music. The album, as you might've guessed, it's music to listen to while you're getting ready. You can match your music to the day ahead and the look you're going for. This album that Elf has put together is the ultimate soundtrack for self-expression with empowering beats that help fuel every look and mood, giving you the runway to express your true self. Plus Elf is all about turning over the mic to emerging artists who each have their own distinct and creative energy who don't limit themselves to a genre. Artists like Charlotte Rose, Benjamin Betty, who, and Medulla it's music made for the unapologetically expressive just like you. So next time you're getting ready with elf's incredible power grip primer, find the album, get Ready with music on the iHeartRadio app and get ready to express yourself.


The holidays are officially here at the Home Depot, which means it's time to deck the halls and your home with festive cheer. If you're on the hunt for the perfect tree, we've got you covered. Explore our huge assortment of trees in all shapes, sizes and styles designed to fit any holiday vibe and every holiday budget like the Jackson Noble Fur. It's not only super easy to assemble, but it also comes pre-lit with 1200 color changing bulbs and multiple lighting functions. Or maybe the Flocked Starry light. Frazier fur is more your style. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that hold their shape, this tree's ready to shine right out of the box. Ooh, ooh, Wow. Whether it's trees, wreaths or twinkling lights, we've got everything you need to make your home holiday ready. So shop now@homedepot.com and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor subject to availability. See home depot.com/delivery for details.


This is the story of the one who as a maintenance specialist for a historic high rise, knows that vintage charm historically needs constant attention, which is why when it's time to upgrade, turn of the Century mechanicals, they turn to Grainger with easy access to a million plus products and the scale to deliver when and where you need them. The right tools and supplies are never far away. So the one can keep that vintage building running like new call click ranger.com or just stop by Ranger. For the ones who get it done


For a lot of sports radio and sports tv, you need to have a take. And if you're not watching a lot of games and you don't know a lot about the players or the sport, your take doesn't have any legs. If you can just say, I like Caitlyn Clark, I don't like Angel Reese. Or should women be this competitive or are they trying to take her out? You can have a conversation on your show and you can get people fired up about it without ever having to do the work. And that's sometimes a good thing, not for the product that comes out, but for the coverage coming out of it, it was really good for women's college basketball and eventually the WNBA that people had this thing, this rivalry that they could create takes out of, I'm sure you've heard analysts on television say Welcome to the new fans of the WNBA.


I'm sure I've said it many a times, but if I'm honest, I don't know that much of us really know anything about these ladies off the court, especially Kaitlyn Clark. Here's Sarah Spain of the Good Game podcast. All you need to know is she's jacking up shots from basically half court. She's hitting logo threes on the regular and she's doing it in clutch moments. And that alone open the door a jar for people to step in and appreciate her play and then start watching the rest of the game and say, oh, this is good. But that was the ultimate sort of backbreaker for that argument that women weren't worth watching because they couldn't. Dunk was like, oh wait, she's doing something that guys aren't doing Well. To that, to that same idea.


Everyone says she plays like Steph Curry. She has every, Steph Curry I think is arguably one of the, the most impactful players in basketball in terms of his every man's game. And people have called her every, every woman's game, if you will. It's very common. It feels like I can do it. She's a girl next door. All of these things feel very marketable. When you look at the WNBA, do you feel that's a slight on the women who've already built this league for so many years? I think the way we talk about Kaitlyn Clark can be in good faith talking about the ways that she is appealing. And the same way that we could talk about Steph Curry being appealing because you felt like watching him like, oh, I could do that.


Which is very different than watching Michael Jordan or Shaq or LeBron James. And then there's ways that we talk about Caitlyn Clark that are almost obtuse with intention. So as to disregard the ways that we haven't respected the existing players in the WNBA over the decades, particularly players of color, players who are masculine, presenting players who are openly lgbtqia plus, right? When we are intentional about promoting and singling out a straight white girl next door as the face of a league that has been predominantly black, we have to acknowledge why that's happening. And if you look across the landscape of women's sports, so often what has become considered palatable in the eyes of many who wanna place women in specific lanes is the sports that have predominantly white athletes who have aesthetically generally pleasing body types and who we can sort of infantalize as your little girl all grown up, right?


Just the perfect little role models. It's tennis, it's soccer, right? And those sports are changing by the way, and we're witnessing and getting through the issues of the changing faces and representatives for those sports in in ways that are worth discussing too. But in basketball in particular, when you find that the focus is on Caitlyn, Paige, Becker's Sue Bird at the expense of other players. 'cause it's not to say that they're not deserving, but it is to say that who else has been contributing at the highest level, who else is worthy of that praise? Those marketing deals, those sponsorships that we're not paying attention to and why? Let's be honest about it. Caitlyn Clark is a game changer and she's brought so many new eyes to the WNBA in episode two.


We talk to the people who know Kaitlyn Clark intimately. We'll also hear from the game changer herself next time on Naked Sports, who is Kaitlyn Clark. When you watch her play her vision and her understanding of the game, the game has literally slowed down in her mind. You know, and she sees these passing angles that even the passer or the receiver of the pass doesn't even see You know. And you're watching in the stands or on the side of the court and, and you don't always even see it as a coach You know or a fan until it happens. And so just to see firsthand how she sees the game, and it's kind of hard to explain 'cause even as we watch her, it it, you can't get in her mind.


But the game is literally slower for her than other people. I mean, I have known Caitlyn since her, she was in eighth grade. I've been following her. We had been recruiting her since then because we knew she was such a special talent. And then it came time for her senior year and her to make this decision. And she grew up in a Catholic high school, very strong Catholic family. And so Notre Dame, of course, was a logical decision for her to make, but her heart wasn't there. And she went on her visit and she came home and was really just didn't feel good about it after she'd committed to them. And so had somebody call me up to find out would I still be interested in having her? Well of course.


So, so she did end up calling Notre Dame and, and declining and then called me up, I can still remember where I was. My husband, And I were out having dinner. She called me up and said, if you'd have me, I, if you still have a spot available, I'd love to be a Hawkeye. And this was my first season doing the women's college game, And I, go back and we're watching a little bit, And I, see her pull up from 35 feet or whatever it was. And I'm like, oh my gosh, this is just, this is crazy. And the ratings are, are through the roof, nowhere near where they're at now, but for that time shattered records for us on ESPN and that game was on A, B, C. And so people are like, oh, this is Caitlyn Clark player, she's fun, whatever.


Well, Caitlyn continues to get better and better and then her moments become more and more viral and all of a sudden you have people who are seeing clips of her and they're saying, oh my gosh, who is this? They're seeing the insane No look passes, they're seeing the downward passes. But more than anything else at this moment, what they're seeing is they're seeing someone pull up off the dribble from 30, 35, 40 feet and just having these incredible performances. Someone who's leading the nation in scoring and assisting over and over again. Myth mastery Of Caitlyn Clark Continues. I think that's part of what makes Caitlin so compelling to watch is that you can see everything on her face. She doesn't hide anything. She's incredibly emotional throughout the course of a game.


And that makes her a more interesting figure on television and in person. But if you're only tuning in for the national title game, you think, oh, this poor girl from Iowa's getting bullied by You know the big bad LSU girls, which couldn't be farther from the truth because as Caitlin said repeatedly after the game, like she'd been dishing out the same stuff for five previous games while she was winning. But like you said, the the optics make people uncomfortable. Like there is, there's a racial element, which I mean we, we let it slide on the men's side, right? Like if a male athlete taunts another male athlete, doesn't really matter if they're black and white, it's just two men going at one another. But there was an extra layer because they're women. Because we don't let women show their emotions like that in public.


They were not given that same level of grace. I remember Kalen Clark going viral for like logo threes and stepback threes and it was like, oh, she plays like Steph. That's what I was hearing. And I was like, oh, like I hadn't seen somebody in a minute shooting from that deep. I hadn't seen like I've seen players really good, but logo threes was her thing. And I was like Iowa. don don't remember Iowa being good. And I was like, oh LS u's pretty good. And I, remember they beat Iowa and And I know, I remember Kaitlyn Clark was really braggadocious like she was, she was doing this. She was, she was ah, like she was playing with a lot of emotion, which is cool. I love it. And then when Angel Reese and them played and Angel Reese put it back in her face, I was like, okay, like this is competition the way I like it.


And then like when I was watching the game, it wasn't that big. I was like, oh, this is great. She pointed at a ring, she did all this. And then like, I feel like immediately that day it became like Angel getting called Classless And. I was like, and this is for me, it was like, here we go again. Because I remember like Tom Brady, he takes off his helmet and throws it. He's passionate. Des Bryant does it. Well he Got mad at Dez too. Yeah, they, they got mad at Dez too. But they didn't get mad at Tom. Tom is always passionate. Des is. He's losing his cool. Yeah, Odell Beckham lose his. Cool. So it's, it's quite often that black athletes and white athletes do the same thing and it's looked at very differently. And with Angel Reese, I was like, here we, here we go.


Like, so as a black person, I'm like, now I got to ride for you. I gotta, because I gotta defend black women. I'm gonna be on your side. So that's what I remember. Like it became it becoming a huge, huge thing. And I, remember they played the next year, And I. I remember saying You know I did make my joke. I was like, race War II is happening. What? Caitlyn Clark be such a supernova. If there were no Angel Reese, I don't know. No, No.


Who is Caitlyn Clark? That's episode two of Making of a Rivalry. The Making of a Rivalry Caitlin Clark vs. Angel. Reese is a be Honest production in partnership with the Black Effect Podcast Network in iHeart women's sports, written and executive produced by me. Kerry Champion, supervising producer is Arlene Santana, produced by Jacques b Thomas Sound Design, and mastered by Dwayne Crawford, associate producer Ola Busa Shabby Naked Sports is a part of the Black Effect podcast network in iHeart Media. Hey everybody, if you're new to Naked Sports Welcome to the podcast, and for those who've been with us since season one, thank you for Ride. Now we're kicking off season four with this six episode docu-series that you're listening to right now. And after that, Naked Sports will continue to live at the intersection of sports, politics and culture, recovering all things from the presidential race to the WNBA Rookie of the Year contest. This season will be bold, as you can already tell, no holds barred, but also we'll bring you that same vulnerable storytelling technique that makes our show so very unique. We appreciate you for being here, and thank you all for the support. We'll talk to you next week.


Are you still trying to find that perfect album to set the mood for getting ready? Elf Cosmetics has just the thing with their new album. Get Ready With Music. Empowering beats from emerging artists, fuel every look and mood, giving you the runway to express your true self in any situation. So next time you're getting ready with elf's incredible Power Grip primer before a night out, find the album. Get Ready with Music on the iHeartRadio app and get your mood on.