
Teach to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB in wheezy. Okay, now look, tickets are on sale. Now we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her neck and sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, listen, listen. You don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's, let's, let's get to it. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody You hear That exclusive, you Know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in hot. What's up y'all? It's Lauren la I'm your home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, you are now tuned into the latest with Lauren la. Now, this is like your daily dig on everything, pop culture and all of the conversations that shake the room right here with me every single day. 6:00 AM period. So we gonna start with a check-in. When you grinding, y'all know it's, it is token brown girl grinding. That is when you see me, that is what you know me as. That's what you identify me as. When you are brown girl grinding or grinding in general.


You don't gotta be a girl when you grinding in general. Sometimes you, you need like that whole check on your strong friend thing. So I always wanna do a check-in. Is me and Patrick in here, Patrick? Say, what's up to the people? What's good? The people. I wanna know, Patrick, how you feeling? Like really feeling today, Feeling inspired. What you inspired by I'm inspired for new opportunities, inspired for this show where we going with it. And today, I feel like today's gonna be something interesting for the, for your listeners. Yeah, we got it. We, you know, we getting it together. We got the vibes going today, so, okay. I'm feeling your energy. I'm feeling on for you. So let's go, let's do It. I'm feeling centered today. Like, I feel like when I say centered, I also mean alignment.


And I think that's important as a creator, as a human being as you know, a woman of God or y'all watching a man of God, whoever you are. I think it's very important for people to get to a place of centering and alignment. And I will say that I've realized that that looks different at different levels, phases and times and seasons of your life. But you use the same tools to get back to the things like, to keep the main thing, the main thing, but it changes. Does that happen with you sometimes? Absolutely. Just suggesting, just being able to kind of like, go with how everything else is moving, you know? Yes. Adjust when you need to. And, and that's a big part of this episode, episode 11.


New Levels, New Devils adjusting when you need to. Now let's get into some of the trending topics. I wanna start out talking about some legal drama. So, you know, you girl, love to take y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. Okay? So, DM X'S estate has been in a very long term intellectual property feud. Now this feud is over control over his estate. So currently Desiree Lindstrom, who is, who was DM X's fiance at the time of his passing, her and DM X's ex-wife Tashir, who we all know, you know, DMX spent decades of his life with Tahir.


She's the mother of, you know, his kids. Desiree is also the mother of his, his last kid, his son. But they've been in, in this back and forth battle. Now the battle again, I mentioned that he, he died without a will. So there has been some conversation just about who has ownership and what that looks like over his estate, which ultimately is his legacy as an artist. So a judge ruled recently that DM X's ex-wife Tashir has no ownership over his music rights or trademarks. Now, in 2016, Shir claimed that a divorce settlement that her and DMX had entitled her to 50% of DM X's intellectual property.


Now, that would mean that she would be able to make decisions on things as far as like licensing and, you know, just a lot of, a lot of things. And y'all know, you know, after DMX passed away, I think that there was like, there was such a want and a need for people to learn his story, learn more about him. I think a lot of us, he's my favorite rapper. I listen to how it's going down every single day. If you really know me, you know this, it's like a common fact amongst anybody who actually really knows me. As I've gotten older, I went from looking at DMX as this rapper who was so hot and lost it on like, oh my God, like a, a failure story to, that's a story of of, of, you know, encouragement and courageousness and just the talent of DMX and how he saved Def Jam.


And, you know, all of that stuff. People wanna hear more about that. They wanna see more about it. So anybody right now that is deemed in control of the, the, you know, the rights to be able to tell his story, to use his likeness to very hot commodity. So the court declared that DM X's estate is going to remain exclusively the owner of all of his copyrights, his trademarks, and anything else that is tied to DM X's name and work, including those created during his marriage with Hir. This was a big blow. So Hir and DMX were married from 1999 to 2014. I watched the interview that Hir did with Carlos King. I know she also did a sit down with Mia Bell for BET talks.


And she has a book out right now. Her book is all about, you know, her life for real, her upbringing, who she is, but DMX and their and their love story played a a, a huge role in a lot of that because of the amount of time they spent together. For me, when I thought about DMX, his legacy, his life story and who would be in control of it, I just naturally always thought that it was to cheer. But then we found out that he died with no will. So he didn't get to make that decision for himself. So a judge is basically saying like, hir, no, we gonna put it over here. And Desiree, who would've been his next akin once he passed away, because they were together, she's now in control.


Now Desiree posted on Instagram, you know, this was three days ago when the ruling came down. Patrick, what does her Instagram caption say? I'm overwhelmed with emotions. Sasha And I who run the state have fought silently for so long to protect Earl his legacy and his art. Now, justice has finally been served. The court's decision is more than just a legal win. It's a moment of peace in the middle of so much pain. Yeah, so I just remember the time period And I remember there being conversation or background reports. Again, this is all alleged and reportedly that Hir sent into a been DM X's wife for some time, and mother of his kids and Desiree were not seeing eye to eye on a lot of things.


Now, I read to you guys what Desiree said on her Instagram. After this ruling came down, I actually reached out to a rep for RA who sent me a statement from Hir on this whole thing. The statement said from Hir, this evil is too big for a statement. I'll be sharing everything with The World on my upcoming show. So she has a show that she's, you know, coming out with. Again, I mentioned to you guys that she also dropped a book, but in this ruling, another part of the dispute was centered around there's these like five letters of direction that DMX signed before his death. So there was no real will, but there were these letters that DMX before his death tried to put into place so that, you know, people could have something to like guide themselves by.


And here's the catch though. Hir was basically saying, okay, based off of our divorce, you know, and our marriage like agreements and these five letters, I should be entitled to A, B, C, and d. A judge looked at those and said, no, according to these five letters that DMX signed before his death, they only gave in these letters, only gave instruction about royalty payments to be split with Tashir for specific recordings. Now, these recordings that the judge is referencing were made between 1998 and 2013. So during the time of their marriage, basically this was, you know, DM X's way of ensuring that she would get money from certain things that he had done while they were together, but it didn't ensure, and it doesn't ensure ownership or like leadership or say so over something as big as the estate.


So as y'all can imagine, this is a devastating hit for Tehir. But Desiree, you know, who was his, you know, new life partner or was his new life partner at the time? Of course she's looking at this as a win because I don't think anybody in this, those two women who love him. And if he was here, he wouldn't want them to be beefing. You know what I'm saying? So I think for both of them, they're like, okay, this happened, we gotta turn the chapter. But there will be more coming out about this. As you guys heard from Tehir, like, you know, it doesn't seem like she's done talking about her side of things and what that back and forth was. But the biggest thing to me here is the fact that these women got kids, their kids are siblings. They gonna have to figure this on out. Now, topic number two, Wendy Williams this week, there were a ton of stories and reports that dropped around Wendy Williams this week.


So on April 9th, there was a story that broke that Wendy Williams was denied the ability to do dinner with her niece and her attorney, Joe Taina. Now for background, and the reason why this is so crazy is because probably about a month ago I reported on the fact that the judge and Wendy Williams situation made it very clear that Wendy was allowed because you remember Wendy came on or not came on, but she called into The Breakfast Club and she said, y'all, I'm in a prison. I can't go nowhere. I can't see nobody, y'all know, I went to where she's staying. They wouldn't let me up to see her, they wouldn't let her down to see me, the conservatorship. And the judge came out and said, no, she's allowed to see family, she's allowed to go out. It's just very monitored. So then this story breaks on, on April 9th that Wendy Williams is not allowed to do dinner with her attorney and her niece.


So her new attorney, her personal attorney, Joe Taina, ASAP Joe, he just, you know, defeated, you know, the prosecutor's office and got ASAP Rocky off on those gun charges. It it, it makes no sense. It's like it's her niece, it's her attorney. Like why not? She, she's been able to move around with her other attorney when she had the black woman, a personal attorney that she had been, you know, talking to. So it made no sense. And then after that, we then saw photos, literally like, I think this was like the 11th. So a few days after this, we then see photos of Wendy out with Don Lemon and her niece Alex Finney, which is weird because it's like, okay, why can't she do dinner with Alex and her attorney, but she can do dinner with Alex and Don Lemon.


It almost is given like, okay, wait, is the conservatorship trying to block Joe Taco Peanut out at least because they can't control if Wendy's calling 'em, you know, what Emini here, things like that. But trying to block him out as much as they can. And the reason why people were like, Hey, is this, should we be worried? Is this retaliation against Wendy? Is because not only did the judge and the conservatorship come out and say Wendy's allowed to go out and do dinner with her niece and you know these people as it's approved now TMZ broke this story, but we had been, you know, And I say we like The Breakfast Club, we had been in the know of this for some time that Joe Taina was approached by the conservator who wanted Joe Taina to represent Sabrina Morrisey in this a and e lawsuit.


So instantly, when you know all of that background and you see that he can't do dinner or from what it looks like, reportedly he can't do dinner, you're like, is this a retaliation thing? Especially after a judge came out and said, you know, they didn't like the fact that Wendy was speaking to the media. They allowed Sabrina Morrisey to talk on record when she wasn't allowed to talk on record for a while about the conservatorship because they felt like she talking. But from our standpoint, what she's alleging is not true. So they, they, they let Sabrina come out to clarify some things. There was a letter that was sent, you know what Emini here, there, there was a lot of different things that happened. So you could tell the judge was pissed off the same week that all of this happens.


The denial for the dinner, her being able to pop out with Don Lemon, it is then reported that Wendy Williams is in court and a judge allegedly tells Wendy Williams, your career is over and it's not coming back. So give that up, which sounds very personal, which the judge is not a person that works in entertainment. I will tell y'all my own self from me being, you know, just close to this to situation, I don't think that these people knew who Wendy Williams was to us in the beginning of this. I think that they realized that when she did The Breakfast Club interview, they realized it in, you know, the interviews that came after that. But I, I don't, I don't think that they understood who Wendy Williams was, you know, just culturally, right?


So I reached out to Joe 'cause I'm like, look Joe, I need to know what's going on and why does this look like this is retaliation here on the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast, I'm telling y'all from what I'm being told, how it looks is not exactly what it is and it needs to be explained a bit more on The Breakfast Club. We gonna do that? Joe Taco is gonna call in during the latest with Lauren la Rosa and he's gonna clarify this because right now we feeling like our girl's being targeted. And I don't, I don't, I don't know about y'all, but I don't like that, right, wrong or indifferent. I think anybody that is in a situation where they are like, almost like helpless because of their mental capacity, their like just so many things y'all. Like I, I've told y'all multiple times, I'm a caregiver, my mother, my grandmother, I wish somebody would you lean in on the fact of what they cannot do.


And I'm not saying that this is what the judge is doing. I'm telling you guys how it feels and how it looks to Wendy's fans and her audience, which is why you guys keep asking me to provide context. And we are gonna do that tomorrow morning on The Breakfast Club. So you got the little breakdown here. I'm telling you guys what I've been told as far as like you, when we put all these reports together, make sure you tune in to the Lace with Lauren A. Rosa on The Breakfast Club tomorrow and we'll clarify. Now, there's one thing though that I did wanna mention Don Lemon. He has, you know, his show that he does on his YouTube channel now after leaving CNN, but he has this like written newsletter that he does on Substack. I thought that this was really good, especially in lines with what we're talking about today of like, you know, New Levels, New Devils, being able to just kind of like adjust and grow and feel and, and just how that flows and how that makes you feel.


Patrick, can you read that first graph for me from a Don Lemon Substack? We don't talk enough about what it means for women, especially women in the spotlight to age on their own terms to be seen without being picked apart. There's this outdated idea that if you're not chasing youth, you're letting yourself go. But what if you're just letting yourself be? Now that to me, that hit home, especially in recapping this whole Wendy Williams situation and just, you know, where I'm at today as we're recording. And when he talks about, you know, women being seen without being picked apart, there's an outdated idea that if you're not chasing youth, you're letting yourself go. But what if you're just letting yourself be?


To me, it's not even about a, a number of a age. It's about chasing a trend. It's about, you know, feeling like you gotta fit within this box or just check a box for things to work out. And I know from my own personal experience that you do, especially if you're a woman, you feel like if, if you not the, the hottest topic and everybody's not like, everything's not all good, it's all bad and it's not. Sometimes being able to sit in things and sit in life experience and going through the things and doing it in front of people is tough. It is really tough to learn and grow and all that here on this platform with you guys in front of The World. But the rec like the reckoning that you learn from doing it.


And for where Wendy is right now in her life, me, Charlamagne and Wendy went out to dinner with her, with her niece Alex. And there were some things that she said to us that I was just like, man, number one, I don't want to have to go through some of the things she went through to get to this point of reckoning. I wanna be able to catch it early. But also it was just like, man, that was deep. Like there, Wendy's different right now, the way life will sit you down and humble you. But that, that, that era of just being is so good. And I'm excited to see that Judge said her career is over. I don't believe that. I'm excited to see what Wendy comes back with and does once she gets through all of this and figures it out. 'cause you know, it's gonna be some hiccups.


Just real quick, I saw this video of Serena Williams on my timeline. She had sat down with People magazine. She did an exclusive chat with People Magazine. She was at the, she was at like a beauty Shopify like popup, and they were talking to her just about being the boss. Let's take a listen, Your boss, what does it cost you and has it been worth it? Yeah, it definitely costs a lot. I'm here now without my kids and that's a big cost for me because I spend a lot of time with my children and they're very attached to me, which a part of me loves. And so it's always, you know, some cost. My whole life I've had to kinda weigh like, if I want to win a championship, well what is that gonna cost me?


It's gonna cost me time with my family, it's gonna cost me friends, it's gonna cost me relationships. And they're very expensive to be, have to decide if it's worth it for you. And so I definitely agree with that statement. Let me tell y'all something. Go watch our, our vlog on my YouTube channel, Lauren la tv. We vlog every time we record an episode on a Sunday, we gonna vlog it. And I, I've been doing vlogs on my YouTube channel for a minute, but I was like, it's, I was like, yo, it's nine o'clock. I know my grandmother's gonna sleep. I'm not used to not being able to talk to my mom and my grandmother every day, but because things have changed where I have so much more going on now, these last couple weeks it's been happening and it's been tearing at my heart. 'cause like Lord knows, they depend on hearing from me and depend on me so much.


When I saw this video, I was like, oh my God, I feel seen. I like, I I I like I hear her, but I also, it made me think about so much like, because family time and the things that make her feel full, it's, it's literally like that's her sacrifice for where Serena Williams is in her career today. But I remember when Serena Williams made the decision to like step away from tennis and focus on being a mom and a wife and all of these things. People were like, yo, she crazy. She, but it's like, I think people in general, I don't think it's just women that have to pick and choose and have to sacrifice to make things better and to, you know, level up the way that they want to. But I do think that it hits women harder because a lot of times we are the, the, the backbone, like in a nurturing way.


Like men are the backbone as a provider financially as a strength. But women in the way that we provide as a backbone with strength and nurturing and we have the kids and we taking care of home, it's so much, it's, it's so different. Like sometimes it halts us. It's like you have to choose between the things. And these last couple weeks for me, I've been not good at choosing between the things until I was like, you know what? I'm gonna take control back. I am. Charlemagne said something to me last week that made me be like, whew, what we were talking about, you know, just some decisions that he makes day to day in his career when it comes to doing things he doesn't wanna do. And he was telling me a story about, you know, you know, him making a choice and being like, in the moment, I don't wanna do this, so why am I doing it?


And he just didn't do it. And I was like, well, you can do that because you're Charlemagne. The God, Lauren la Rosa is still building. I'm trying to get to my cost to be the boss moment, like Serena Williams, I'm, I'm figuring it out. And he was like, yeah, but like you can still choose And I do things you don't wanna do. At the end of the day, you, you're still at a space where you can make that choice. And it creates a pattern and a rhythm of what people will bring to you and what you allow to happen. And you should do that. You should set that boundary now because if not, you gonna find yourself in a space of doing things you don't wanna do and just fall into the emotional things and sacrificing things. You don't wanna sacrifice. You have to sacrifice. But y'all get by gist of the, of what that conversation was.


So when I saw this video And I thought about all the topics I wanted to do today, I thought about how different it is for me. Like I'm a young creator, it's 2025, I've been granted the opportunity of platform. I've been blessed to be in a space where I can curate what this looks like, what this feels like, and how y'all get it from me. So my sacrifice is going to still have to be sacrificed sometime. I'm not gonna get back. So I thought that this video was a great way to end the show because again, it makes me think of so many different things. It makes me feel so many different ways too. Cool. So what are we taking away from episode 11, Lauren? So from episode 11, we gonna take it, you know, for the tweets, for the tweet segment, we gonna bring this whole thing together.


New Levels, New Devils. I had tweeted a couple days ago, every level of growth requires change and adjust. And when I think about like Wendy, I feel like she sacrificed her ability to really live her career, like to really, really live life for her career. And you know, she's in her readjustment stage because she's learning now that just being and sitting still and being able to live and, and remember that everybody's living too. That's her new phase of career. Serena Williams had to sacrifice her family, but now in her new life, she's prioritizing family and the things that make her feel. Whole DM X's family, as I mentioned, had to on so many different levels, sacrifice the ability to adjust because he was young, he was figuring it out.


Resources were different up until the day he passed away. I think things were just still figuring and it was new levels and new devils and new people and knew all of this. And you know, like today in this episode and just in this moment where I'm at today, what I've learned is that adjustment is necessary. You can't escape it. But in learning that, I'm feeling like a sense of like renaissance from this episode of, you know, I wanna make a way, I wanna make a space for those people who are adjusting in real time learning to live in real time, learning to utilize their resources in real time, but not always getting it right 'cause we not gonna always get it right. And when we don't use that as the inpo baby, that's the vision board.


That's the, that's the Pinterest, that's the mood board. Use that refuel, come back stronger than ever, pop out. You know what Emini here, like we, we don't gotta, in today's time, you don't have to fully lose grip before you figure it out. And if you do talk about it, share it. That's the beauty of where we at right now. At the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. And you guys, y'all could be anywhere in The World talking with anybody about it, but you choose to be right here with me and y'all know, I appreciate y'all for that. I'm Lauren La Rosa. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, a brown girl on her grind. I appreciate y'all opport tuning in this episode And I will see you in the next episode.