
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


Welcome To The World of Bose ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop B's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Ready, set Shop. The Black Friday sale at Ulta Beauty is on up to 50% off the best gifts now through November 30th, starting Tuesday, November 26, snag $12 mascara from brands like Fenty and Tart, plus $12 lips from brands like NARS and Kylie Cosmetics. But of course, I had to show out with the Mac maximal silky Matt lipstick. Then I top that off. I love a little glitter with the morphy shade thrower eyeshadow palette. Get all the best gifts, all at Ulta Beauty.


Watch up and welcome back to another episode of No Ceilings podcast with your host. Now fuck that with your low glasses, Malone. Yes, baby. What you need, what you need, what you need. Daddy like, okay. You know, and it's been, we've been like, we've been like good, like of course. Yeah. We gonna get into a little like, but it's, it's nothing like nothing. And, I do find myself like listening. Listen, listening to like, Okay, you just gave us, that's the truth.


You know. Right? And the truth is, this is why you have to communicate. Right? But you have to communicate effectively, right? Because you can't have two men. A ego is a man. That's why men have egos. Is that fair to say Pete? Men have egos? Yeah. I mean everybody has 'em. But I mean it's in the, in the relationship dynamic. I mean it's the, the issue iss like to me, women wants want to be led, but they don't want to not, they don't want to acknowledge that there is a leader in the room and they're not it. Hmm.


I don't think that's necessarily always true. Now, there are women that do need or think they need to lead. I was one of them. I am not. No, I am no longer one of them. But I do know a lot of women that absolutely don't wanna lead shit. They absolutely are okay with the man leading and doing and providing and doing everything they are okay with. That's not, that's not le. I'm sure they okay with somebody taking care of them. There's not a Oprah, Oprah. It's Not just taking care Of everyth, Oprah, everything be okay with the man taking care of her. You would not be okay mining somebody right now and 'cause it 'cause of the connotation of minding.


Right. Like listening to somebody give you directions. I'm good with that. Now I just be like, okay, Hey, don't go here. Okay. But I think that also comes with the trust in the relationship and who you're with. And that, that's where I fucked up. I was dealing with motherfuckers that I really didn't trust like that. And that's, that's the honest to God truth. Because if I really trusted my man, I'm going to let him lead me. And he's going to tell when he tells me something, I'm gonna be like, okay, babe, you right, okay. Or whatever. But before I was dealing with motherfuckers and I'm like, nigga, you could do that. Then why would I listen to you then? Why would you sleep? Why would I messing with Sleep with that person? Yeah. Why would you sleep with anybody? Hello? You wouldn't listen to I know this.


That makes it, that sounds it makes a lot of sense. It's obvious, but yeah, You know when you say that. But these are, these are things that we were learning as we're growing You Know. It's like a man sleeping with somebody. He doesn't want to get pregnant. Right. No, totally get it right. I stand in my shit. I know what time it was. I knew, and it took me a while to understand that because I'm dealing with you And I question. Like the guy I told you can't get right. And you like, why the hell were you calling him? Ki why are you dealing with somebody can as I got older? Yeah. I laugh at it now. Like, why was I dealing with this person? Like, what the hell was wrong with you? You saw all the red flags. You, it's something to do.


You gave the man can't get. Right. The nigga's name is can't get right in your phone. Like can't get literally not think like, so, And, and the that's happening me and, and, and, and that's, That's where we have to learn to say You know what we can be by ourselves women's, and we don't need to You Know. Yeah. Some women come from a background where again, they lead a poly relationship. They're dating their ego and their men. And some women are dating their ego, their man and their kids. Mm. Yeah. I think that with, with me, I was, I'm just so used to leading like, making decisions and just kind of doing my own thing at the same time.


It's like, then I'm wondering like, okay, well what are You know? What are you bringing to the table? Like we can't talk on a, on the same level or we're not interested in the same things. But once I realize like, okay, I You know you gotta take this ego out of the relationship because you're, you're not a man. Like you can't do or be anything close to You know what a man can be. And I, I didn't wanna be with a woman so, Well, I, I disagree. You know. Can you, I'm sure you and Brett have did the same things that a man have done.


Well I'm saying with the feeling as far as the feeling that I want from somebody else, a man, a woman can't give that to me. So unless I want it to be by myself, I'm like, okay, I gotta, but What, but what is the feeling specifically? Is it to be cared for or is it just the fact that he has a penis biologically is different. You know what I'm saying? Like he can, the puzzle is different and that's what these are. No, but these is real questions, You know what I mean? That people need to ask. They say, I wanna feel protected. Like I Right. So then You know and that's important, right? Yeah. To, to feel protected. Guess what? Like, like your child, right?


So like, like let's say Roland, right? Like you have to, hey, he can't like imagine you trying to protect him and he's doing the things that You know could cause him danger. Right? Right. That's how it is being a man dealing with a woman. So that's why sometimes men tone, especially when you being stubborn like a child can take the form of talking to a child because that's what it starts to feel like. And I'm sure for some women that's what it starts to feel like when a man starts to do the wrong thing. Yep. He start acting like your kid. Definitely. Yeah. And that's where, that's when it goes like what? That's what it's like. Wait, what?


Yeah. And, and kids are kids. The only reason they're kids is 'cause they can't be accountable for themselves. Hmm. Like that's the problem. The problem is like, I've argued with friends who have grown kids and I'm like, they keep trying to treat their kids like kids, right? They'll do whatever the kid want 'em to do. But these kids are fucking 'cause they're 19 or 20 And I tell my homie like that's not no kid. Like they only playing you to take care of them for them to make their own decisions. So you gotta find a space in the middle or you taking care of an adult that you're fucking dating. Right? Think about it. Right? If your son, if your job is to protect your son Brit, if like, if he's trying to go to a, a Hoover party and You know this is a Hoover party where all the gang members are there and You know that other people know, they might come shoot it up and your job is to protect me.


Like don't go to that party and he goes to that party. Guess what you gonna say to him when you figure out he was at that party? You finna fly off the handle because you are making my job hard of protection. Well for women, they should think of that the same way when they're talking to a man. Like if you want, you don't want to go somewhere with 'cause and You know somebody start to put hands on you and he don't help you. Right? But if he tell you don't walk in his room with all these fucking boxers and tripping ass drunk people and your stupid ass walking, you gonna get both our ass kicked. So women cannot date their own ego and a man at the same time. A man like a man is going to come with an ego because that's what he needs to propel himself to the position to take care of his family.


That's what he should be using it for. He should be using it to define his reputation. He should be using it to define his credit. He should be using it to, to to build his economic You know portfolio is based what he doing. That's the only thing it's good for. So the ego, not with with us, with women, but with everybody else or the outside world. 'cause You know, I think men sometimes they don't wanna be, well they don't wanna be vulnerable because they want to carry this ego. But we need to You know. We want to feel and see and You know, know that we can be there for you at those, those vulnerable times.


You know aside from God, but You know you don't have to carry an ego with us all the time. Like You know. Well yes, that it shouldn't be, but you'd still do. Because again, you want somebody, you, you're asking for, women have this weird sense of demand. They, they want a bunch of stuff that don't really go together. Imagine your man like, well I wanna know you could take care of yourself too, so I could take care of you. So you should pay the mortgage every other month. You wouldn't see it that way. Right. So that's how it feels like you asking your man to, yeah, you want him to be hella tough but then he come crying to you because somebody You know at the ice cream parlor.


Oh man, we, I'm not talking about that though. Like, because you Don't think it's that deep, right? Well we feel the same. We are the same. Right. Men and women are the same. Right. We all feel the same thing. We have estrogen, like y'all have testosterone. So we feel certain, certain things hurt our feelings that probably are not worthy of You know on the social status of your feelings being hurt, but it still hurts your feelings. As I get older, certain scenes in movie that I saw a million times could make me feel like emotional as I get older. Like I might look at, like I watched last night, I watched, what's the movie with Will Smith when he was trying to get the job in San Francisco, Pete, Oh ha.


Pursuit of Happiness, pursuit Happiness. And he got the job. And I almost cried. I cried on that movie. That movie is, yeah. So we have the same feelings, right? Because it emotionally moved me. I was like, damn, I'm so happy this nigga got the job. Like it's a real story. Definitely. But again, it's like, so we have the same things but you ask us to use the testosterone driven emotions. You ask that, but then sometimes you'll be like, well when you with me, you should let the estrogen no because then you judge later You know what I mean? Like you You know he has these feelings and he should be treated as us. Just like I know a woman could take care of herself. I'm not stupid. I'm not doing something that no woman couldn't do for herself. True. Women take care of theyself just fine.


Women could change a tire change. The engine could do all that. You know bench press weights. My momma had hands some women could fight. Yep. You know women are construction workers. Women do the same thing. Men. But you want to be put into a space where you can lean on your estrogen. You want that space. That's true. Right? Soft girl Era. I This has been actually great.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


High five Casino High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. Casino dot com I five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five Casino dot com.


High five Casino


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, Come On in. Bose ultra open earbuds now $50 off until December 29th. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


No Ceilings gl. Pete, What's happening Just, just here for the convo. Red redhead. What's happening? Hey, what's going on Late to the room. I know that's Red. What's wrong Pete? You Just No, I said I'm late to the Room. I know, but I text you a couple times. Everything okay? Oh, I Was taking a nap. Okay. I was at as as you get older naps, are they important? They can be. So I'm down 45 pounds Pete. Once I get to 50 pounds down, that's when I'm gonna start bringing in my weight training.


What I've been thinking about is more like fly weights, like more calisthenics, like pushups, pullups, all of that stuff. Not so much weight. I don't really want to get a bunch of muscles. Like I don't, 'cause I don't want to be, my goal was to not be heavy if I make it to 50. Sure. So I want to be as lean as possible. Right. I it ain't about the muscles, it ain't about the look. It is just about the health part. Yeah. So but that, that was my point. So back to the, I digress. But that becomes the problem. So like sometimes when you would complain, I would say like, Hey you are letting way too much ego rule this part.


Like to, to be in a righteous situation because you have to kind of remove that. Like Yeah, he gonna be frustrated 'cause this is how it is being a man. When you always like as a man, like I'm only viewed as a real man. If I take care of somebody completely, I'm not even viewed as a real man. If I pay half, Like I'm viewed as a male 'cause I have a penis. Right. That's my initial thing. But I'm not viewed as a man if I pay half, if I go half with a woman, I'm not viewed as a man. By Who? By society. And even by your old lady, she not gonna respect you the same way. She not finna treat you like you're leading anything You think that I don, do you think that, I mean, what do you think Your son is a man right now.


Do you think he's a man? Do you he could make his own decisions. No. 'cause he don't take care of himself. That's true. And that nigga is a man. He probably bigger than you and everything. He is whoop your ass and all kind of shit. Change your tire and everything. There's a lot of men that go have with they girls. Yeah, I'm sure with step. Okay. So would you say that that's Brit? Would you say that's a a a man? Yeah. I don't think that. I don't think that that would be less of a man. I don't think so. I never been in that situation. But I don't think I would've been like, oh shit, you not You. know what I'm saying? You respect, you would respect your man the same as Yeah, You're a lie.


I'm so why? So I would take that away because of Yes, his humping, Imagine your man couldn't stand up for you if you were in the street and somebody start kicking your head. That's different. That's not different. That is different. You can't, how is that different? Protect and provide are how men are defined socially. Is that fair to say p protect and provide? I Would say so, Yeah. But if you can't, I, we already had this discussion before I told you about how the dude off watch get carried away. And after that it was done though for me. I told you about that because like, what the hell, What you mean? So as long as Protect you, that's basically number one protecting you.


And then you, you wanna protect yourself. What kind of shit is that? What if you just don't got great hands? Damn, that's unfortunate. She ain't about to be with nobody. Ain got hands. So Again, yeah, like I do know that there's a lot of men, some of my friends are in these same relationships, but I also know how women treat them You know what I mean? It is kind of considered a slight in, in, in society to go half with your old lady even though these California bills are insane, stupid. So yes. But I do think more women than not are making it work. But again, the goal for women is to find somebody who could take care of them and protect them.


That's their goal. That's the most successful women socially. Now again, the reality is something is different. Reality is a lot of this shit is expensive and it's not just gonna be, most guys gonna be able to do it. Right. You know. And me and Pete had a great conversation about this where he was like, man, really you should move. You saying out of the state or wherever. Yeah. You gotta move where you Can take care of, We both agree you should move to a place where you could take care of your family. I agree. As a man. Right. Because again, it defines you. It's, it's not worthy of being anywhere where you can't look up and say you're not putting a roof over your family head. But again, I I, my my perspective is not dominant because I understand if you in California, even the thought of moving, but Pete told me the story of how his family moved out here because it was like that before that where they was at, it was a little tougher out here.


His his what was your grandfather was able to take care of his family 'cause it was cheaper. Yeah. Well it was, it wasn't cost cheaper, but it was so much Opportunity. Yeah. There was more, it was more on the, on the income side. That was for both sides of my family. I mean that's why everybody, like, like, like your grandparents who moved out here, it was the same thing. It wasn't like, well it's cheaper in LA than Alabama, but it's like everyone's getting paid out there. There's no economy where we are in here now. So we move either, either move to avoid cost or to pursue revenue. See, and that's like a brilliant model that none of nobody told us.


But white people kind of are aware. And, I, don't get me wrong, I do think the generation above ours, they were better humans. Like our generation is worse. Humans, even the generation now, they feel like they're better. They actually much worse. Humans. You know what I mean? They, they, because they don't, like I was talking to my nephew about the, the, the, the Diddy shit. And he didn't even, he started saying just making shit up. Like, oh, You know, he put a hit out on pocket. I'm like, do you not care that that's not true? Like, do you care? That's not what, they're not charged. Well he, he slept with some minors. Do you not care that that's not true. They're not charging me with that. Like what part of a fact do you care about? They don't, they only care, care about whatever's going on. What's been seen Yeah.


Socially within the conversation. Yeah. That, that social sphere is where they convicting people at. Like the feds came out and said the a the, the, the, the feds it, it was talked about that the surviving r Kelly, it made the feds start to investigate. Right. I did see something like that. And so this, the Cassie lawsuit is what made them Yes. A a a really the the dude that the attorney that's on social media, he, and it's that's true because they're, you gotta remember Das especially, This is a big case for them. Yeah. York. C da this is gonna seal the deal. He's Looking for that type of exposure.


Definitely. But it reminds me of a time where like when the community was kind of going through some stuff, we was coming out of the crack era or kind of in, in the very, very last part of the twilight of where it was peaking at. And You know people were doing anything to get cracked. So crime in Los Angeles was a little rampant. It was a lot going on. And instead of the community finding a solution, they turned to the white justice system to find a solution. So hence Joe Biden and certain people responded back with the crime bill, right. Of 94. Right. We instituted three strikes and And immediately when hear about how three strikes work, it's really a double jeopardy law.


It's like if you, if you went to jail for 2, 2, 2 felonies before if you did this and then you steal something, That's It. We are gonna put you in prison for 25 years to life. So at that time people thought they were doing the right thing 'cause they were so in their emotions. That's why a buddy of mines that's on Clubhouse, I met him. And I would call him a buddy. His name is Gary. But from Atlanta, he was saying that like he felt like the black church spearheaded that movement with Biden and them. And again, whenever you turn to forgive me Pete. 'cause I don't mean every white person but You know I'm white. Right. I'm talking about the power structure in existence. When you turn to unjust people for justice, it's going to look bad on people that's poor.


That look like us. That look like me. Right. So the same thing is happening now. Yes. They're like, like again, like we're looking at r Kelly, we looking at Puff and it and it kind of fits into the same conversation even with Cassie. Like Cassie is like, they talked about it. Like and this is really, I know that's the details. They tried to shake Puff down with the book, the thread of the book to get the 30 million. Yeah. Right. Puff felt it was a shakedown. I ain't gonna give you nothing. Puff actually was in the relationship with Cassie. Cassie stayed with Puff for years. Not just out of fear. I'm sure there's a level of fear there. She stayed with Puff 'cause Puff had money. He's puff right. He's powerful. He puff, she wanted to be successful in the music business.


When you look up her past, she's been trying to be in the music business and kind of ahead of her age for a long time. You know what I mean? So she found somebody she thought could enhance her career and maybe they fell in love. Maybe they didn't. You know, I I don't know. I'm not in a personal relationship, but they was together for years. You knew this nigga was weird within the first probably six months You know what I mean? And not to call did he weird, but it's like you knew he was a deviant for sure within the first six months. Because I knew Diddy was a deviant before you dated him. So maybe played it off for a couple months, but eventually the deviant side came out. You could walk. But then again, because she was looking for that level, She was very young though.


18, 19. Sure she was, she was. But again, that's the problem too. That's if you're gonna have a legal ramification of age and responsibility and accountability, 18, then it has to be 18. It can't just be like, well You know what she was fucking with that nigga. He had money and she was just young and stupid. No women gonna be like that till they fucking 70 You. know what I mean? But it's like, man, it just puts us in a weird situation. Like they're charging these two dudes with racketeering. Harvey Weinstein actually was using his business as a racket. And What does that mean when they say they're charging them for racketeering?


So Racketeering or, or the Rego Act people talked about, okay, is a law created in in 1970 PE I think it's 1970. So when they couldn't catch before 1970, America had to catch you committing crimes. They had to charge you with the crime that you committed. That you, okay. The mafia bosses or the mob bosses who were organizing all of the crimes, right? The mafia bosses. The mob bosses who organizing crime, they weren't actually out committing crimes. They couldn't prove that they did a crime. But they knew that they had the power to organize and make a crime happen. So they created a law, which kind of conspiracy and all these different things. They all rooted in the, all of this same idea.


It's like thought into laws, thought into crime like the thought of crime. And that's how they started taking down mafias. And my bosses and America probably should have actually America probably in 1970 should have stood up that the people should have stood up against that law. Because that began the problem. Right? Like where you don't have to catch nobody doing a crime. Now if I, if I make you do a crime, that's the crime. No it is. There's accountability for adults. I could tell you to do whatever the fuck I tell you to do. I could pay you to do whatever I pay you to do. If your ass do it, it's your fucking fault. But again, to again, You know you avoiding accountability.


And they did that to take down the mafia and the mob bosses. And and you have to respect it. Right? Because 'cause I mean they be in those situations where they can't say no. You can always say no you don't actually have to be a prostitute. I mean you can, but if you gonna get killed or You, know what I'm saying? Your family's gonna get hurt. I'm not talking and I'm talking about with the mob, things like that. Yeah. Like of Course. No, no. Nobody gonna hurt your family 'cause you didn't do what I said. Who says who in the mob? 50 is not, that's not how go Say Oh no, I'm saying there's intimidation, there's You know.


Yeah, but You can't be a, like being a coward should be against the law. So if somebody threatens your family, go to the police. Because if you in the underwear to somebody threaten your family You know what you supposed to do. If you in the underworld, You know, like if you don't, if the law is not the ultimate sense of justice and you have You know your own sense of justice. Like in the in the street underworld. If somebody threaten your family, you supposed to kill that person on the spot. I don't give a fuck if it's the greatest mob boss in The World cut his fucking head off. But we gotta stop this weird law of making it okay for people to be a a a bitch is crazy.


Like oh you could be a mark. Somebody could mark you out. And they call that coercion. No you was a mark. I was just talking about it on Twitter with gene deal. Gene deal is running around like he's a hero. 'cause he been talking about what Puff did now Puff got arrested nigga he was paying you doing it in front of you and you didn't do nothing to him. Now. And the reason you didn't do nothing to 'cause is 'cause you was getting paid. The reason you doing these interviews talking about C's is 'cause you getting paid. Who is this? This is one of the main people that was working for him. That was, they call it a early whistleblower. Okay. Like Puff was doing something right. But it's like I couldn't be next to Birdman. He was doing some buster ass shit if Birdman was next to me and he was You, know what I mean?


Look, if Birdman was beating up his old leg, I'd have stopped him. Like if that's me and that's Birdman with his, with Tony Braxton in that fucking elevator video and Birdman punch. I'm finna push stunt. Hey Stu, what's up? Come hold up bro. No the bro we finna get down. Yeah. Now if I broke it up the first time and then you still with this dude, I'm not either going to be around for sure. I'm gonna stop hanging with y'all. If I don't leave from being around you, I ain't finna watch you whip your old lady multiple times. So even if like a jean deal saw that situation happening with them and you broke it up and then they kept doing it. You Was taking, Now I'm not finna be around y'all I don't be around.


Nobody committing no crime. I don't want go to jail for I know that's right. I don't hang around nobody. Me and my big homie got into an argument 'cause he wanted to kill some taxi cab driver for calling him a   And I'm like nigga everybody, I'm not going to prison for that. They not finna be like, what you in jail for? Man the homie knocked this nigga down. My G homie. The homie knocked this taxi cab driver down 'cause he called him the N word. And I'm not finna go to prison for that and I'm gonna get the rest of my life for that dumb ass shit. No, fuck that. I no. And that was me as a kid. I'm not you, you can't, I don't give a fuck how tough you is. If something I don't wanna do, you ain't gonna make me do it. Let alone take Dick. Like some of the people in that case, You know I'm finna kill you nigga.


Yeah. Some people just don't have that. It's not that some people They just don't See it. No, some people just bought, some people just care about money. They be bought money. Yeah. And money means everything. Damn. That's why Puff, this is happening. The reason you go buy them prostitutes is 'cause prostitutes are for sale. The reason you go buy people is 'cause people are for sale. The reason gene deal didn't actually do nothing to puff or stop puff when he was doing this or You know as an ex probation officer go to the police is because he was bought and paid for. And I'm tired of people acting like the problem is the people paying the problem. Ain't the people paying the problem?


Ain't people want to have sex with a prostitute? The problem is the fucking prostitute's selling pussy for money If, if there is a problem, if there is a problem. Mm. Like we could get to the real problems. Mm yeah that's nasty. But then they said, mm, I just wouldn't have been around it. And if there was no, I'm like I couldn't be. There would be no pimps if there was no prostitute, Man. I mean look at, at the end of the day, I Mean who they gonna pimp if they ain't no pro prostitute? That's true.


But then I dunno. Well there's a lot of used Buicks need selling. You said what? I said. Well, there's a lot of used Buicks need selling. A lot of used Buicks that need to be sold.


The Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


High Five Casino High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five Casino dot com. High five Casino is a social Casino no purchase necessary void will prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com. High five Casino


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S i.com/cocktail.


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come On in B'S ultra open earbuds now $50 off until December 29th. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


What's the coercion charge like? Well, from my understanding is that he had these parties. Yes, people are coming to the parties, but they're not knowing that the bottles are laced. They're drinking alcohol, but it is laced and that there's cameras like They can't charge him for that. You know why? Because people can have as many fucking cameras in their house as they want. And You know what, I have a friend who just went through a situation where yeah, they told her that this man can have his cameras in his own house. Yeah, that's True. It's not against the law. But The recording though, That's not against the law Without their consent.


If you come in my Property. So what is the, what is the court? Okay. No, I can't, fuck, I didn't wanna talk about this nigga. Well just explain that part to her. Okay, so Diddy's three charges. There's only three, right? There's racketeering, there's sex trafficking, there's transportation for prostitution. Yep. Okay. Now they're saying the, the, those three indictments are built by these different crimes. Right? Coercion is, I was detailed in the indictment is like, well he would threaten to take people's finances away if they didn't do what he said. Like he would fire people if they didn't do what he said. Do okay.


I'm like, that's how a job works. Okay. They're they're saying the racketeering charges, what they're saying is all along the time, over the last, since 2008, which they really wasn't investigating, but based off of what they've been able to figure out with the witnesses since 2008 different crimes puff has done, home enterprises becomes like a, a like a criminal underworld because they're blocking things. Prime example, when they got into the little squabble in, in, in the hotel, because when the, somebody saw it, the, the, the, the maid saw it and You know be You know saw it instead of letting her call the police or maybe she doesn't puff says, look, don't call the police.


I need to deal with this herself. I'm gonna pay you. Can you get the video? I'll pay for that too. They're saying they combining that with that. And they're saying, okay, because his team helped facilitate that to some degree. I, I don't quite know what his team did. Maybe they called after to get the video or whatever. And then the next thing is like, okay, well he blew up Kid Cutty car. So they talk about arson. They're like, oh, they, so they're, they're linking all of these crimes together to charge him like a crime boss. Got it. That's The when in reality, that's not while the letter can fit, that's not the spirit of it. You, you just talking about a a, a really nasty older man who has money and power You know what I mean?


In, in a really turbulent relationship with women. You know, again, his enterprise will be built off buying women more like he don't have rape charges. And he didn't force nobody to do nothing. Even like, like even if they're charging him per se with let's say, oh, people talk about the the alcohol was laced. These are common things people knew going to Diddy parties. Yeah. Like you kind of knew that they partied a little harder. Like I knew that walking up like they party harder. So if I don't party as hard as them, I probably don't need to be partying with them. So again, but now in h in hindsight and You know, it's like, oh, well that's You know that ain't right.


But people knew that the people went to Diddy's parties knew how Diddy party Diddy is on You know. He take drugs, he drink. But I don't think, I don't think all the say the young like girls 'cause You know you'll have somebody like, oh, we're going to a party at Diddy's. And then You know what that is. All the You know You know what That was. Well the person that brought him should have told him the per Exactly. That was my point. No, are you gonna a party if you don't know that The person that brought him shoulda told him There's a lot of girls fresh outta high school, very naive. I'm going to Diddy's house to party. Yes. They don't know what to, they go to other people's house to party. So they're like, I'm going to Diddy's house to party.


Yes, we're going to party. But then they end up the ba the bottles are lace. But the person who brought 'em they know was cracking. Don't nobody go Party or they should have known Party and not, we All been it'ss. A lot of people listen, we I have a young daughter and she You know what I'm saying? We've all been hearing about how She's just like, I'm not gonna go. But we've All, we've all, since we were probably in our twenties, been hearing about how Diddy party. Right. None of us have not heard how Diddy parties. Right. But we're older, but we're No, no. Since in our twenties we've been hearing about how Diddy party, right. All of us and everybody's aspiration was to go to a Diddy party knowing it was crazy because You know it was gonna be bananas gonna be a gang of people. It is gonna be party. It was gonna be the party though.


But I, I didn't think that I, I didn't think that I was gonna go to the party and get lace drinking some alcohol that no. Well, see the only reason why I knew about that I told you was because I actually seen that. Not at Diddy's house, but at another Hollywood Hills home where I actually seen them doing it. It, and I'm like, oh, this is what's going on. You told me. Yep. And after that, that's when I knew like, okay, this is what's really going on. But had I not, I think that that would've had to have happened to Me. Even Why would you go to Diddy's party and drink alcohol? Like why are you lowering your inhibition? What are you doing? Like, and, and see this is where the questions get really hard. They stop being like lack of accountability. They stopped being like, oh, You know.


Why the fuck would you go to a strange house and drink alcohol? Because when you go to a party, you're going to a party. Not every this, okay, this is Diddy. So I do know this person, but there's several parties that we've to that we don't, we don't know whose house it is going. A party. Why would you go to somebody's house? I mean, not now, but we're talking about younger. We're why was you young? Younger ages. Okay. You remember dating when you was younger? Yeah. You know why men brought you liquor. Yeah. And. I wasn't drinking it with them. I You know what I'm saying? But you're going to a party. You're 21. I'm not, look Why would you take awareness? See, and, and these are the real You going.


If they're, if they have the liquory at the bar and they're making drinks and this drink is lace, Why would you do that? Even in a place where other people at, you don't really want me to ask the questions that I really wanna ask You know why I don't drink red. Right. Because I don't never wanna not know what the fuck is going on. I ever, I feel you, I feel you And You know why you drink because you don't wanna know what's going on. You wanna enhance whatever it is you wanna feel. And, and I'm not, look, I'm not trying to come down on The World that drinks or smoke weed or do cocaine or, or Pop X That's not what I'm saying. I'm saying y'all have to start being honest with what the goal is in the first place of why you are doing what you're doing. And then you can say, oh, this is too far.


I didn't want this particular thing to happen. But this can only happen because you are not in your mind. Like why, why I, I never drank nothing at nobody party. 'cause I always wanted to be in control. And that's great. And those You know everybody isn't mindful. So then again, that's the accountability part, right? That goes back into the whole conversation I get. But where's the accountability for the person that You know? What I'm saying is why are you spiking liquor and not telling everybody? 'cause he wants people To get pussy. Everybody knows He want. And even if he wasn't getting the pussy Yeah. He wanted everybody to feel good so they could say, oh, I was at the house.


Yeah. If Diddy party was I at Diddy Party? Because again, You know how people feel about sex and feel like, oh man, they feel special about they shit. I'm, look, I'm not saying by no means again for the fourth or fifth, sixth, seventh fucking podcast. I'm not saying that. I think Diddy is not, he don't, he don't have things he should be charged with. But again, there's a lot of missing accountability that creates a mafia like figure that don't make no sense. Like we have to go to, we have to get to a place in society where people actually start to have accountability. Why is him and r Kelly the only rego charge where they're the only two people charged? Yeah. Every other rego charge. They charge a thousand other people. Why is only them charged? Why is this the first Rico?


Why is r Kelly why Weinstein get charged with racketeering? Weinstein was using his business to actually rape women. He got charged with rape multiple times. Oh, he didn't? He doesn't have a racketeering charge. No. Why the fuck did not c get charged Epstein. He actually was actually running that type of business. Damn. Puff is just nasty. He's a nasty old bastard. They got a bad drug problem and he's on alcohol really bad. So he's making bad decisions. That's not John Gotti's thing. That's not what John Gotti's problem. John Gotti's sober as a motherfucker making these decisions and he getting people killed. Puff is just nasty.


And it's his way of he, to me, this is kind of like, I hear the term because Puff considers himself a man of God. Right? And And I think in his, his heart. He feels that, but his mind is kind of a little different. Like it's more stuff going on. Like people even in indictment, they talk about how to fact certain, some of the pills You know, oh, well You know. He used drugs to control people. He didn't stuff no drugs down people's mouth. Like we gotta eventually get back to a space of accountability. That's the beginning of this conversation that we even talking about where women wanna date their ego and a man.


So then you got You know, again, you, you, you don't have space for the man. If you got your ego, if if you need to be a proud human, a proud provider, then what you need a man for maybe You know. You could be like Diddy and just buy one. Buy one. Just buy one You. know what I'm saying? So it's, it is just, it's just frustrating. It's frustrating. You know. And then The World, it's happening in front of The World and, and on all levels, even from the be the beginning of this conversation where women are being taught to be like, oh, You know from the independent songs. Like why would you have to brag? You take care of yourself.


I-E-N-D-E. Why is that a good song? Like there's no songs like that for me. And I Pay my own bills. Mm. Well where's our song like that I take care of myself. That I pay my own rent. I got my own car. That's not a cool man song because It's, it, it was always automatic, not expected for you guys to do that. It was women weren't supposed to work. Well women didn't work and You know they weren't taking care of theirselves. So now you Have to brag for being an adult. That's what happened. They shouting it out from the ceiling top You. Know what I'm saying? Brit like what are we doing? I take, it's, It's, it's the equivalent to celebrating a birthday.


Yeah. Like everybody has 'em. This is what's I Just, yeah. I'm not homeless. Look at me. Hey, I didn't die in the last year. Look at me. Well we didn't always have that. So When, when did women not have jobs? Shit, I, all the women in my family always had jobs. So I don't know. I mean, I'm just You know going back, I guess I, I mean that's the job too though. I Just see if the song getting equal pay and shit like, oh, You know what we making all of now we making this much money. Money. Okay, cool. But you bragging about the ability to take care of yourself as an adult is crazy. Even the term single mom's, like, I don't know what that really means.


What do you mean single mom? What the fuck is that? You was fucking, that's how you had a kid. What? She's a single mom. She's a single. She's single. Okay. Yeah. She fucking, she had a kid, but she's a single mom. She's single and a daddy not there. Why? Even a title. I mean, I, don Dunno, all That shows is that you was fucking, and you not with the nigga you was fucking, So how, okay, That's not nothing to brag about. I'm what if Winston using The term single mom, we use the term failed wife. Bye Pete. What the fuck Pete? No, Pete. Oh man. Lemme start again.


Yeah, no, yeah. It's Just, it's just, we, we we start maneuvering society to a really weird space You. know what I mean? Like it is just really, like I said, when men You know you, you not supposed to brag that you, that's a flex. When you bragging that You know you take care of a woman. It's not a flex to say you take care of yourself. Wait, it's a flex. When you saying you take care of a woman. Yeah. You take care of your family. And that didn't used to be a flex. But that's a flex Now if you pay all the bills, that's a flex. Oh for sure. For sure. Y'all going for sure I take care of you.


I take care of you. If A woman took care of a man, she is considered a failure in society. You'd be like, Ugh, that Bitch. Imagine you had to take care of that dude. Like you have to take care of him. Everything he do. Oh yeah. Every dumb ass mistake he make. That's how I feel. Every time you do some dumb shit, he wrecked his car. You gotta fix it. Woo. Keep the AC on. When you go in at work, you gotta pay the bill. That's how it is. Being a man, a woman is expecting you to take care of her no matter what silly mistakes she make.


That's funny. Yeah. I'm so sorry for y'all. And I mean it's all good. It's all good. I mean, it's just the society we live in. I just don't want people to forget. Well, if they didn't know, they know. Now it's a You know you taking care of physical things and You know stuff like that. But we taking care of the house, Take care. You know. I I think a, a whole household, don't get me wrong, I think that's what it takes Too. I don't think a woman don't pull her own weight. Even if a man is paying all the bills. It's not about that. But if you don't have a true appreciation for that, then you forget the gratitude portion of it.


I mean, I do think taking care of a house is a ton of work. I think washing and, and and making sure the kids and all that is a ton of work. I don't think it's a lack of respect for that work. But obviously You know the, the work that's tough 'cause you don't You know the work you don't wanna do. I bet you you could find a man who would actually You know. He, he wouldn't mind ironing your clothes for you to get up and go make all the money and he'd just get to sit at home and go get his hair cut to look nice for you when he come home and cook dinner. Still a different job. You still wouldn't, even if you You know if, if c lost his job and, and you he making all the food. It might be cool for the first few months. I mean you like damn You know this ain't.


Then eventually you gonna look and You know he left his moon roof open and now you gotta pay for his interior electronics to get fixed. That shit gonna start to come out. You gonna be like, hold up bro. Have you ever watched I mean, did you ever see Mr. Mom? I was just thinking, wasn't there a movie called Mr. Ram like decades ago? That's basically She wasn't feeling it after a while. No, it was like, it was reversed. The man had to stay home, the woman, and he got laid, he got furloughed and the woman ended up getting a job in advertising. So she started going to work every day. She was a stay at home I don't care. So he, he was like fucking up shit. Like he fucked up the washing machine, all kind of stuff.


It was funny though, like he messed up, like how to take them to school, like he was all lost and stuff. That shit was funny. Yeah, no, listen. Any, so, so I do think there is a lesson that men need to know for women who actually take care of the house. Like there, there definitely needs to be a real gratitude. 'cause I ain't no punk cooking and cleaning and shit and caring for children on the consistent, that's tough. Yes. But it gotta be an appreciation. And I. And that's the point. It needs to be gratitude. It's not enough gratitude. You know, like imagine you making some food, nigga telling you like, yeah, I could cook my own food. That shit would make you feel a same kind Way. Oh yeah. Oh hell yeah. Especially if I done made this food. Right. Or you supposed to cook the food, Right? Oh yeah.


No. And that becomes your attitude. So you gotta define it in yourself. That's the trick. You have to define it in yourself. Take the ego out. Women definitely don't need pride or ego in a, in a, in a, in a while. They're dating a man. You need pride or ego if you taking care of yourself. I mean, you definitely need it when you're taking care of yourself, but you don't need it if you have a man taking care of you, that that ain't gonna work for you. But both people do need gratitude. I agree with that. Definitely agree. Like that's, I think there's men who don't really have the right gratuitous attitude towards their old lady for You know, carrying the You know, turning the house into a home.


That's just to maintaining a home is some shit. Maintaining a home is some shit. It's not no pump. Yes, I agree.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social Casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. Casino dot com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. Casino dot com. High Five Casino is a social Casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five Casino dot com. High five Casino


Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feed and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop B's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Stay foreman DJ Ramos from life as a gringo. No.


Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and you of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.