
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Jive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Watch up and welcome back to another episode of No Ceilings podcast with your host. Now fuck that with your low glasses Malone. Check, check, check. Yeah, we finna get to it. We have an emergency broadcast, you feel me, for today 'cause it's some unprecedented, unprecedented things that's happening in hip hop. Crooked cam. They've been in hip hop before I even thought about getting this thing.


We call it the record business, you feel me? They, they've, they've, they've been in this thing before I even thought about being a rapper. Anything. And I'm sure this is a first for them. I'm sure this is a first for them. So we gonna really get into this conversation really quick soon. It still pops back on here so we can adjust this screen. But it's definitely one of those days. Pete did you read up on it? I read up on it a bit And I don't know that much in this particular area of civil law, but I know this much. When a wrap beef bleeds into the courts, I'll put my money on the half Jewish guy every single day and twice on the Shabbas.


I have zero faith. It's gonna work out for him. I don't think he Jewish enough. Is cotton a rock in a hard place? I think he playing against the real This ain't the South Bay Lakers. He played against the Los Angeles Lakers. It's a different game up here. It's a different game up here. This is gonna be the, the the real and Cino Lakers Still is slowing stream down. Come on still. Where you at? There you go. There you go. I was looking.


You look great. You've never looked so good. There you go. What You using? Did you put it on your phone instead, Man? Hell yeah. I wouldn't put it on my phone. We ain't have time to be playing around. We got that bad audio happening. Yeah, Man. You know what? I don't know what it is bro, but it ain't never done that before. Anyway. No Ceilings live the lunch hour. No, no. This is the podcast. We just doing it live. This is a unprecedented time in hip hop, in rap music. Some of this stuff never in life happened. I cannot believe this is happening. This is an important time.


So I brought some really special people. I brought Crooked Eye And I brought my big brother Cam. I brought my brother Pete And I brought steel so we could really unpack this thing because I I I've been talking to, to my homeboy Lit Pappy. He lit Poppy is driving me crazy. It's silliness and people are not being honest about what they are witnessing. Ke you should be in court right now. No, you should be in court right now because you were in a battle. Somebody should sue you.


Our lawyer up. The reason we are are here is Drake. Drake has sued. He accuses UMG and Spotify of manipulating the market to artificially inflate Kendrick Lamar's district Not Like Us. The court filing claims filing UMGU, Spotify and Apple Siri to push Not Like Us over Drake tracks. Employees perceived as lawyer to Drake were allegedly fired as part of an effort, an effort to cover up G'S action.


UG paid influencers and radio stations to boost Lamar's songs. Without disclosure, a whistleblower revealed box generated 30 million early streams for Not Like Us. Drake is accusing UMG and Spotify of violating the Rico Act and a New York law. Hmm. I'm most intrigued by Sue. He got so bad he decided to sue his own label that they are both signed to. Now. Listen, crooked. Listen Cam, y'all have been in hip hop for sure, big bro.


You've been in hip hop as long as I can remember. Kev Crooked. You've been in hip hip hop at least 30 years for sure. For sure, for sure. Now, not at the professional level I would imagine. I don't know if he was professionally signed in 1994, but I know it was getting close to when Crooked Eye was getting his first record deal around. Not within that six, seven years. Is this by far the greatest dis track of all time? Just at least off of the reaction, off of the behavior. I see, I know when I'm talking to g he said the greatest Greatest.


So with that being said, I can agree with you on that Big bro. It's, It's the biggest, it's the biggest to ever, you know what I'm saying? Like, well, it, it, it had, you know, the table has been set for it to become one of the greatest disc records ever because we are in the social media technology streaming era and the globe is connected in ways that the Globe was not connected when some of our favorite disc records dropped. You know what I'm saying? So the table is set for it to be one of the greatest, if not the greatest dis record. And let me just put this out here. Same day that it dropped, I went on record on my Instagram same day And I said Kendrick just dropped the top five dis record of all time.


You know what I'm saying? And they can go back and check my Instagram same day it dropped because I understood the frequency he was on. I understood that he was touching a nerve and the, and, and he was moving the street culture in a way that, you know, once the youngins in the streets get something, it's, it's very hard to stop. You feel me? So he, he, he, he did that And I recognized it right away. So yeah, I I I ain't mad at that assessment, bro. Big bro. You, you, you released one of those scathing disc tracks in the history of West Coast music. One of the most scathing disc tracks.


You said scathing and shit like, Like hot acid burn skin off of your Body Skin. I think, man, I think it's the greatest man. I, you know, every, every generation had a, had a sound that they think is, is tight, you know, to, to the youngsters. Now we might sound outdated or something like that. So this is the language, this is the vibe, this is the frequency that the youth is on. And the youth always run revolution. You know, you got older. His like, like myself might be behind the scenes trying to, trying to give guidance to 'em, but the youth going to do what they gonna do.


You know what I'm saying? The youth is going, they gonna run it. And from what I can see, this is, this is the greatest dis record of all of all times. Like, you know what I'm saying? Could you imagine if, if Q would've sued you, He damn there dead. But Emini here it happened. Nah, it's neither joke Big bro. You, you, you saw Tupac, you saw hit him up, up close and personal. Yeah. Right? Like still you saw hit him up close up close and personal. You saw no Vaseline, you were coming into your adulthood around that time, you know, you was barely hitting 20.


You saw Ether. Have you ever saw a dis track that made somebody react like this? You even saw 50 cent this ja rule, Man, this is the worst, this is the greatest dis track of all time. It's almost like he pulled this dude into gonna hotel. Absolutely. This dude is crying, man. This dude is really sad right now. And I'm gonna tell you what it is. This dude is almost just being overwhelmed right now, man. Kendrick, you know, not only did he slap him around with the record, but then he comes out with one of the greatest albums of all time. He is A really great album.


So this dude is just like, he just discombobulated right now, man. I'm gonna be real with you. I'm really worried about Drake right now, man. I'm thinking about calling my people because they ain't play with it. I think he's suffer from depression, man. This dude might mess around and jump off a bridge or something. Man. He need that wellness check, huh? He need that. Well need, well check. Real Canadians are not a wartime people And that's not what I'm, I'm I'm being dead serious. I ain't joking man. Drake is going through something right now and ain't nobody in this camp man enough to tell him, man, you looking real crazy right now Man. You think he care about the optics? You think he care about the optics?


'cause I'm sure when you are a big a, a brand as big as Drake, everything that you do is well at least communicated amongst your team. So they had to understand that it would be some backlash. Even though we in a different era, like this era, it's been proven over the last decade that a rapper can damn near do anything. And if he drop a hot song, it'll be forgiven Couple in a, it's over with dog. I think this is different. Like the house has been burns down.


Mm mm Like I I, in the first 72 hours, I was like this song not, not, not the beyond the verse. I haven't heard this track that had a hook that like rocked like in the club and shit like that. But beside that, what Kendrick did, he kicked Drake out of the community. He did that in 72 hours. He made him walk the plank. They were all at the, they, he made him walk the plank and he is trying to sue his way back onto the boat niggas. So, so do you think so do you think that his, that his personal community that he's built up, that's a pretty big community.


Emini here when I'm on, when I'm on Elon's act, they already saying he not suing Kendrick, he's suing UMG. This ain't about the rap beef, this is about business that he has a lot of people already forming that perspective and trying to push that narrative. But you gotta understand this, He has to sue his way back to relevance. He's like Taylor Swift, he like the Backstreet Boys. He gonna have them little fan based like Beyonce got the beehive, he gonna have the Drakes or whatever they call theyself the Drakes, he gonna have the little Drakes in this corner like that. But I'm gonna tell you, man, I heard this man's mama even locked him out the house dog.


He's, this, this is the equivalent of of getting knocked out and then like trying to re adjudicate whether or not the guy had juiced up gloves. Damn. Damn. You know, I really think, I think the pro I think what's gonna happen, you got a worst case scenario. And the best case scenario, best case scenario, they, they don't, they, they don't even entertain this. Somebody in his ear tell him to go on ahead and drop that. Don't even proceed to try to, you know, pursue that worst case scenario. This shit worse than Epstein list dog. 'cause what's gonna happen is What's Gonna happen is, is everybody, every like bots to the people out there who not inside the industry, they might think wow, somebody using, but everybody in this room right now understands that boxing AI gets used all the time for some of your favorite artists.


Most of your favorite artists, your art, your favorite artists might not even know that it's being, that box are being used. It ain't like Kendrick is sitting at a computer in a farm with a thousand devices. So it it, it don't, it don't touch him anyway. But the whole thing is all these people using bot. So the domino effect and the blowback of trying to bring all this to the forefront and you gonna bring down some of the biggest artists known to men and then the whistleblower doesn't usually come out clean on the other side of that. You feel me? So this could be something this like this is only the tip of the iceberg. Y'all like, lemme Tell you this, this man is pissing in the wind though bro.


You don't think he using box Emini here? Listen, he might not not think he using Box, but he might Not think he, I know box is gold. I'm gonna tell you bro, his hubris, his ris and his arrogance probably got him thinking I'm the greatest. I don't have to resort the second. That's really interesting because, But believe me, believe me the hot line bling and all that stuff got box on, head box and stuff on it too. And why would he think, 'cause you said they're both in the same label. So why would he think that his own label only uses bots for the other guy and not for him Because He's screwing the label for doing it. Hey, I think he, he keep on playing with Lucian Grange and them he gonna be with Stem mates with, he better lead him people alone.


That's what I was about to say. I think Diddy's behind this because now Diddy has the second most interesting trial in hip hop


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent. Being there day and night and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust, Amica life insurance, Amika empathy is our best policy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Something crooked said. This is why I've been saying he's not hip hop. Right? Because there's a thing that, and, and I'll be honest, right Cam, who is one of the best of us, right? The nation of Islam cleaned him up, got him together still, who's a father and a and a husband and does great things and crooked who's been in this business, we all still worry about the optics. That's the thing about being street. Street don't mean you actually have to commit a crime. Street means you protect your reputation differently because you come from a level of poverty and you need to keep your reputation intact.


I every last person on the stage not named Pete, definitely overvalues their reputation. And that's the cornerstone of hip hop G. However, many episodes ago you asked me why I wasn't trying to get into fights in high school and what did I say? You didn't sued My dad works too hard for me to get my dad's sued. So this is what I told him. Crook, I said, if you want to know if you, hip hop is really simple. The first hip hop lesson most people get right? The first hip hop lesson is the first time you go to school and somebody put their hands on you and you come home and you tell your mom or your father, Hey somebody put their hands on me.


If your parents say you better hit them motherfuckers back, your ass is hip hop. If you outside of your house and your friend saying you better hit them back, that's hip hop. You know why? Because hip hop is not worried about the rules. The street is a greater sense of justice. The street culture is a greater sense of justice. We understand justice ain't on our side, so we have to take justice in our own hands. That's a cornerstone of street urban culture. Hip hop, that's something we all share. I don't care if our mom was a nurse, like my mom cam, whatever your mom did, whatever your mom feel me, crook, whatever your mom, yeah, you better hit him back.


So that father somebody said hit him back. Did nobody tell you to go tell a teacher? Not one person said, you know what, don't hit him back. Go tell the teacher, tell the principal. Matter of fact, my mama would say, you not gonna get in trouble if they get you in trouble. Mm. Yeah. So I was telling Pete that and, And I asked Pete to prove it and Pete said his father told him, you better not hit nobody back. I don't need no reason for nobody to sue me, right? Yeah. And, and the worst fight I saw in high school, some dude got his block knocked the fuck off.


His dad had to write a six figure check. Damn Man, That's Drake. So Drake got his block knocked off and he chose to sue. That's the last seen y'all a picture of Dwayne Wayne Emini here. I'm from a different world Man. Oh man, I don't know how to feel. This is almost unbelievable. So yes, crook, I'm with you. I think he's not worried about the optics, but his problem is he's worried about the optics.


That's the only thing like, because he's not hip hop in culture and being raised, he don't quite understand what's happening. But because he's idolizes culture like tons of basketball players, he's idolizing culture like tons of people on the outskirts, right? That they start to participate, right? And then they start to try to live up to the, to the, to the rules, to the, to the foundation of it. You know, to the point where even when he got robbed he told the police and he felt like, you know, it was things that he did that really threw me off. And I'm like, but I never thought he was street crook when I first met him. I never thought he was street.


I'm like, this is a good dude. Like this a this a good kid. You know how you just, nigga we the same? I'm like, yeah, he's a good kid. You know what Emini here. So it was weird to me that when his music started to get street and it started talking about hurting people and spending the block talking tough. And I'm like, yeah, it's just music. And then I realized when I, I first started to, you know, you remember quick when I would call you when I was just getting to grasp on what hip hop was from a a true cultural standpoint And I was figuring it out And I was like, oh, he not hip hop. And I didn't think anything wrong with it. 'cause I thought he was an unbelievably talented musician. I never cared if he was or wasn't right.


You feel me? It was like he was extremely dope. Like this dude was a master. But then I noticed when I said it publicly, talking to Charlemagne in the interview and like, it was like a kind of an attitude from his team to me. And I'm like, wait a minute, are y'all mad at me for saying this? And it's like they wanted people to really believe that he was street for real. I went through the same thing with Rose. It was like, I'm saying something like, yeah, you know, like because I make street rap, I have to be honest and be a lot more transparent because you know everybody else that's, that's competing in the competing space.


You know what Emini here, they get to kind of fantasize it. They get to, you know, like I was saying Ross, you know who's in my top five? Like he could say he got $98 million in the Bank of America bank account or you know, or he named himself after a guy that I actually know. And I, you know, I wasn't, it wasn't no shade crook on Olivia bro. It wasn't no shade. It was just like, these are obvious truth. Niggas was mad at me and I'm like, do you think you fooling people? Yes. I'm not sure if I'm crazy or if they crazy because I'm like, wait a minute, are they fooling people? So, so, so that's where we come to this situation at hand.


It's like a magician telling everybody how the magic tricks are performed. When you get up here, you start talking about these box and this AI and this stream shit, you about to pull back the curtain and show everybody the Wizard of Oz. You feel me? And let me tell you, they not playing about this bro. The 2015, nah They ain't 2015 I did a show called One Shot. I created this show for BET, rap competition, all this kind of good stuff. One of the reoccurring judges, good dude, family man. I met his kids, I met his wife, family man. You know what I'm saying? Real good dude.


We had a successful season, it was great. Couple years went by, everybody started doing they own little thing. We all went back to our respective corners this year. I woke up and his face was all over the news And I was like, what is he doing all over the news? Feds yanked him outta his crib in front of his kids and his wife arrested him and charged him with an accusation that he used AI and bots and manipulated streams to generate $10 million for himself.


And they are saying that this is one of the biggest streaming crimes since they started passing laws against fraudulent streams. Sure That man owns businesses, homes. He's a hardworking dude. They snatched him straight up. They not playing about that shit bro. Unless you are with the machine. Then they turn the other cheek. They're The only ones that permitted to cheat. Gee, you know what this reminds me of? No. It's like this is why I kind of think it is.


If this is Drake's second l he's ever taken since the day he was born, what was his first L? Not Pusha T Emini here. That was a speed bump that didn't impact anything. This reminds me of Hillary Clinton losing the election in 2016 and blaming it on the Russians. Mm Like oh man, total shock and disbelief And I like this can't be possible. I'm me. I don't take else like this. It had to have been manipulated by somebody outside of the system, Bro. I'm gonna tell you, I think with Drake, man, I, I think Drake is the delusional guy.


I think he's the, the direct result of the, everybody gets a trophy syndrome. That was one of the things I hated. You remember when I was coaching you football, I told you I hate the idea of everybody getting a trophy. This is the same thing Drake doesn't think he's supposed to lose. He's entitled. His privilege is coming out and showing right now. How dare this dude from Compton beat me? He's not better than me. He's not one than me. This is his privilege. This is his privilege. Only thing he's having a temper tantrum right now. You know what, that actually makes sense. This is his privilege. His Privilege bro. He really is having a privilege moment.


He got affluent and shit. You know how dare this beat me? I never thought about it like that, but that makes sense. He's having a privilege moment. Yeah. I wouldn't be surprised if he called do Nick the N word with the hard R bro. I'm serious. I believe you. No, That the And I Who would he say that to though? 'cause for people who probably are around him all the time, you know, probably aren't like on his Industry, probably mine We still or whatever he doing.


Still still out here with the glamor. Huh? Man, This Is ridiculous. Right? You know me, she me and she was talking, right? Everybody except everybody on this panel except one of us is from the hood, right? Everybody from the ghetto, we've all lost a fight before. Right? But we never told like she was alluding to earlier, we never went back and told nobody. We just went and fought that dude again and again until we got a victory or we left him hell alone. Right. Whatever it was. But we didn't go tell nobody. This dude really thinks that he has the right to go.


Man, you lost a battle bruh. And I'm pretty sure he unheard that album. I'm pretty sure. And he can't, one person you can't lie to, you can't lie to yourself. I'm pretty sure you don't heard that shit and said, man this is really good. I'm gonna sue him. He's ruining me This shit. I'm gonna sue him. No. So what are all the farm owners thinking right now? This is a deeper conversation bro, because I've always thought if you are mixed with black, you are black. Right? But then I've always thought big bro, and this is a good thing to talk to you about. I've always thought of black as a responsibility. It ain't like my skin is black, right?


Being black is the desire to care for other people that been through the same type of struggles like myself. It's a responsibility to be black. Yeah. And I noticed it And I thought to myself, like I used to always say he wasn't hip hop. People thought that that was the equivalent of me saying he's not black. And it's like, no, he's black, his father is a black man. Yeah, he's black dog. Being black, like you said is more than skin color. Man a condition man. It's like it's your soul. This in here man. And think about it also, like if you're from a biracial parenting, you know, or, or what do you, what's the word?


Like a conception and you're raised by one parent, you're gonna be pretty much that, you know what Emini here And that's what I was thinking, right? So that was always my thing. I've gotta have a lot of those conversations. Hip Hop, right? That, that was always my thing about him not being hip hop. Right? He, he, he was raised by his mother in the Jewish community going to Jewish school. You weren't raised. That was always my thought. Right? Orange Bound or some shit, Man. Now I could see if he was raised Jewish in the Bronx, you know, you could be, you hang out outside, guess what? You back to the streets. But again, his circumstances, his environment, he was raised as a Jewish man.


So I always thought of him as Jewish, but I understood his father was a brother from Memphis. Right. But's not His brother, father Should be represented. Not like if that's not going on and, and like you, like to me you, you're not biracial. There's no such thing. You're black if you, you know what Emini here, you black. If you're black, you black, you don't even matter what happened. 'cause theoretically everybody come from black people from the stars. So every for sure if you cut it back down you black. So I understood he was Jewish based off culture minus the conversation of race minus the conversation of, because his, his again ethnic ethnicity.


You know what Emini here, he's a Jewish man, you know, racially he's a negro. Right? But again, if, if race is not a real construct, he would be a Jewish man. And if you think about how he's going about this battle right now, I Know he got kill on saying that big word on your man, they Ooh, Really? Yeah. Is that a bad thing You got? Wait till Trump is in office. You gotta wait till January 6th then you can say that. Well Emini here listen, I I don't think it's negative Emini here. That's just culturally who his peoples are. I don't, I don dunno why YouTube? I Think that there's a difference in that sense between saying like the Js and J ish but I don't know.


I'm not in charge of it. I don Hopefully he Was, I don't even know if that, if that matters man. I just think that the dude don't have no culture man. He does. But that's my point still. He does. Where would he get it? He was raised by Culture. Yeah, but that's what I'm saying. He doesn't like when you've never really been through nothing. Like you know how he talk about him and his mom had a hard time man him, him and his mom's hard time was way different than than our parents'. Hard time. I don't wanna get into the struggle. Olympics way was time with that. I'm just saying for sure I always thought of him as that. But like this is next level not hip.


Like I always thought he wasn't hip, but like this is for sure the most unhip thing he's ever done in his life that I've ever saw that I saw. Or is it just the most Jewish thing he's ever done in his life? That's my point. It it makes sense when you Think of, oh no I'm not even gonna Put no because I can't play the, well the Beastie Boys was still, it was a, I'm saying it been a whole, it's a whole bunch of Jewish people in hip hop bro. They ain't never dropped the dime on Barrel. I think those people still are street like the Beastie Boys still grew up in the punk rock environment to be able to create the music. So there's a level of of street urbanness to it. Because again, punk rock and hip hop are step brother.


They both come from street urban backgrounds just different, you know, mothers places on earth. We ain't come up in the same places but the same oppression or whatever misunderstood. Like the skaters cam when I was just younger, the skaters was like that. They really felt like they were, you know what I'm saying? Like ain't Drake from the ca Canada Streets though ain't rocking with the Hell's Angels and all that that street. No you ain't No, no because for sure they wouldn't be suing nobody. It'd be a rumble. It'd be a squabble. Hey lemme ask y'all this crook. Wouldn't you say that Drake is a good artist?


Yeah, You know, Drake was probably one of the biggest, you know, if you wanna call him a hip hop or he is one of the biggest recording artists in the industry, I believe that this is gonna like be really bad for him. Somebody's making a point. Shout out to. We've been trying to figure out what it was. Shout out to David Jones. He said I think Crookeds Mike is too close to his speakers. Yeah. Yep. That may be where we getting the feedback that that could be it. 'cause I I had the same thing happen one time when I track MyPhone speakers. I don know 'cause I don't think you got a mic. No, I don't got a mic. I'm just on the phone. Yeah, so somebody's mic may be too close to they speakers my mic right here, But that ain't even plugged up.


Lemme see something. But you know what? I think it'd be to a little bit man to a certain extent with these things I think, I don't know, this is gonna be weird but this is gonna be bad for old boy. You got, you got your ear earpieces in or you listening to your thing out of the out. I thought I was gonna say you probably gotta have a earpiece in No Emini here. I I'm just mute, mute my mut my mic when y'all talk. Oh yeah, it's definitely, it couldn't be mine. It's It's coming, it's coming from crook. It's coming from Crook's side. Oh it might be coming from Crook. Okay. Yeah. I don't know what it was but it's, it's coming from that. We might as well keep going. We can't spend a whole bunch of time. Yeah, no it's all good.


We, I Don thank you brother. You not causing the issue. Thank you. Well, so no Ryan, right, and this is the tricky part, Ryan. That's the bad question I don't really wanna deal with, but I'm gonna deal with it anyway. So everyone with African ancestry is black now? Nah, not, not the, our definition, our definition of black really is basically the descendants of slave experience. The black descendants of slaves in North America. So Drake is supposed to, you know, he's half of that but he wasn't raised on, you know, on that side of the fence. So he don't wanna identify that with that. I Don't, I don't want get into this thing like mixed people ain't black man because I know a whole bunch of down mixed people, you know?


No, we all, we all mix. If you an American yo and you got a, a last name that ain't African, you've been cut. Yeah you Cut. And that's what I'm saying. So it's, But that, but that's not but that, that's what I'm saying. No. So no, no. Everybody that's of African descent, 'cause Elon Musk is of African descent, it's obvious he's not a black man. So. No. Right. You don't even gotta go that far. We don't even waste that much time. No. And do you, do you think that Drake is, is kind of going crazy because he know, he know he, he's a hit maker. He know he make fire music but he he don't under, he didn't understand the, the dynamics of, of Kendrick's, you know, lineage and the audience and, and what he represents.


'cause Drake, yeah, Drake is a, is a hit maker. But when you start trying to come over here on this fence and get into this warrior type of, you know, street, street warrior type of thing, you gonna catch a ale like you never caught before. I think he, you know, thousand percent. Yeah, Well I just think Drake just stepped in some, you know, I think Drake just stepped in some mess. I'm gonna tell you what it was, this is my thing. You know, Drake was going to all the URL battles And I think he was just really intrigued by this and he just thought that maybe he can get one off on dot and just kind of bit off more than he can shoot. I think he's spazzing out 'cause he can't reach the audience. He's always Been able to reach. Well I, I think, I think so. So here let, let's let's my man crooked here so I can keep some facts.


So this is some facts, right? Since the days of selling records, record labels been buying records, you really can't pay for a hit record. Your record actually gotta work, especially at any major market, right? You could try to get a promotional thing going but eventually your record gotta call out. As far as streaming and stuff, I do believe that there are some plus ones and plus twos for streams. I believe that's happening. But your record actually has the stream. Yeah. You can't take a record that nobody knows and make it work. And the problem is, there have been articles, there was an article in a Rolling Stone accusing Drake of the same thing and before we just start using that P word, right, like the payola word, you can't still be the first one.


Kama be the first one. Crook me. You can't pay for hit record. It actually gotta be a hit record. Still Work that way. You only Can pay for the promotion to have a chance to have hit record. Maybe if you at a small station that don't have million dollar endorsements deal from Pepsis and, and and Universal City Nissans. Maybe if you don't have a station that has those, but if you have a station that's making great money off of advertisement, you could not pay for a hit record. So that's the first thing your record actually has to perform. That's a fact. I know it. I'd have backed it up a million. I know it's true. So pay is an over stated concept.


I want to ask something else to that. And Kim, you and Crooked both attest to this. We used to see people back in the day that had what you call turntable hits. They would have these huge records at radio, but then the first week the SoundScan would come out there, sell a thousand copies. Remember though, remember when that would happen Cam? Yep. Yep. People still have to go out and purchase your record however it is now. People still have to go stream. Like you said, you can't cheat your way to a, a big record. Not the record. Not as big as Zombie. Not like this was though. You can't cheat with that. Can't Was everybody would be doing it. Yeah. Drake, Drake just ain't he, he not from that, that world where he could be battle rapping like real street street dudes like it, it's just the culture won't allow it.


It's just like a governor on the culture. It just, it's just, you know, it just won't allow it. If he stuck to his singing hooks and all that, like he, he'll smash Kendrick. If, if Kendrick came over to his side of the fence and try to, he would ruin his own career. But he, Drake is the one that made the mistake and came over here and he, he stepped on some landmines and Shit. And, and that's a great point. He ne he didn't have to be this at first, right? He didn't have to be this at first. Again everybody, this is no sins live. The YouTube link is, hold on, I'm gonna share it on Twitter. It goes live on the YouTube to me on the no podcast.


Shout out to my brothers for coming down and making it happen with me. Lemme tweet this link. Yeah, it's it's crooked phone for sure, for sure. Dang that dude caught. He must be like an engineer or something. Yeah, I don't know how he caught that. So again, he had the game in his hand when he first came to the, like when he first came to Cash Money. 'cause he was actually the genuine article. He was a, a really great talent, a a actor. You know what Emini here, like he was, he had been a part of a a, he had been a part of a, of a TV show that was doing well. He was well trained, prepared as an entertainer and he wasn't too shabby on the record side.


He was a killer. Like he was a monster at making records. Like I remember the first time meeting him and then hearing his records and being like, I can't believe this is the same dude that made both of these, it almost seem possible He's the first reverse engineered rapper. Mm, That's a great point. So Every other rapper has gone from inner city to suburbs. He did it the other way. And that's what I think is killing me, right, Pete? Because Yeah, Because you could only go so far in before you get too far. He tried to go, you can never go too far out. Yeah, he tried to go all the way in and now like he's in this weird space to where he's trying to kind of live like the culture, right?


Where he's doing stuff, you know, taking the situation into his own hands just as different small things. But it's like, well these things still apply like in the Kendrick battle didn't do anything but show everybody that obviously culturally he's not what, you know, people thought he was, which is weird. I don't know how they thought he was that. But also it's like not only did you turn the culture and have the culture looking at you crazy, right, within that battle, but also now you are about to turn the business against you. Like the business was never against you. The business built you, the business gave you all the looks 'cause you wouldn't have came through the streets.


You couldn't have went to all the places you need to do all of that stuff. He, he went Tropic Thunder, he, he went full such and such. That's Actually Robert Downey Like you, I saying Robert. Yeah, Robert. Robert. Robert, Robert Downey, Robert. Yeah. This guy Never go full gangster. Never go full gangster. He went full gangster. That's a great point. Big bro. Oh God. He went full gangster. He, he said so something about bodies to the point when I first heard it, I was like, I thought that bodies meant something else.


I, it made me think that I didn't know What saying bodies. And I was like, I Know, but when I first heard him say it, I was like, shit, all this time I thought it meant that it must mean something different. 'cause he's Saying it. Yeah. Yeah. I thought he meant girls. Like he was, he was same had girl bodies or something, but Was talking about About blind. Yeah, yeah. I'm like, man, I thought bodies was people getting killed. It was pussy all this time. You Know What I'm gonna tell you, I don't think color has nothing to do with it, man. Let's take Eminem for example, right? Eminem has never pressed, But, but, And Eminem was raised in, in Detroit with, with India. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. There's a difference bro.


Eminem's really a, he really with the shits. You know what Emini here, He's a punk rock kid that grew up in Detroit, But Eminem's very respectful of that relationship And I think that's because he really know what he really know what time it is. You know, so I I just think, man, I think this is gonna be bad for dude. And, and and to be honest with you, it's almost like he just like everybody talking about DOT's album and then he come out with this bullshit, right? It's like, man, he just wanna make it about him.


Piece of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent. Being there day and night and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.


This Is it. Your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global edu.


All right, so I got a question for y'all. What are the ramifications of this case? Because in court people, people are, people are speculating that he's trying to get off of Universal and he, this is the, this is the move he making, But I don't understand. How could this get him off of you accusing another artist? This is like that gunna case, right? This is like that gunna case where people are confusing, right? Like with a plea as somebody that, that's took two pleas in my life. A plea is when you only admit to the things that you did or you only base it off of the things you did in Gunner's situation, right?


With Thug, the reason he told on Thug is he said he did nothing and everybody else did everything. Now maybe if, if, if Drake's case would've been more like, you know what the label hasn't been paying me, they inflated these streams, but he's doing the same thing where he's like, no, this guy, they're over here doing this for him. Y'all signed to the same people. They're doing this for him, they're doing this for him. They're not doing, they're doing this for him. He's not even talking about what they're doing for him. He's not even saying what they did to wrong him. They're saying them marketing Kendrick Lamar song, I have a problem with it because they did it unfairly.


He, he's not even equating it to, he's not even equating it crook to to his shit. But that kind of does support his point though, because he can't demonstrate standing 'cause he hasn't been damaged by it in a, in the way that he's suggesting. So if it's, look, this is gonna be ugly in discovery for us as universal. And he says, Hey look, if you guys let me out of my deal, we could drop this right now before it goes to discovery. Sure. I don't understand How you get involved. Ain't matter dog. Once these people Get involved, it ain't gonna matter. It's a civil case to Crookeds point, right? So what Pete is saying makes the most sense.


The reality is maybe he kicks up enough dust to where they like he, he settles like, let me outta my deal and I'll drop the case so you don't have to present. But I'm gonna tell you right now ahead of time, UMG not gonna do that. They are past the point of you bullying them, Man, come on man. Ain't nobody bigger, you're Not going, Nobody bigger than the program. Ain't nobody bigger than the Program. You're not gonna bully UMG and and if he thought that that was his plan, My Question, hes gonna learn the hard way. You're not gonna bully these people. What does he benefit from getting out of that deal?


Where's he gonna go right now? His values at, at at its all time low and you want to get outta your deal. That, that in of itself strategically Makes no sense. Can make He can make money. Don't get it Twist, don't, don't it. Twist got some value. He'll make money as an independent artist. We know that I we can all Yeah. How much, how much, how much y'all, how much do a rapper supposed to make before he feel like he don't need to have to make no more? Like I'm, I don't understand that part. Oh, Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. What, which world do you tell on one Dope man, right? And get another even crook as a independent.


Which world do you tell on one Dope man And then people know you told on a dope man and another plug say come over here and get this money. Why did he Cher? Yeah, like it don't, like it's not a smart plan, just telling you that he can definitely be on that perspective. Like, yo, I could just jet out and go independent or go somewhere else and get my bread. I'm not saying it's a smart plan, but his value is still there. He has value. Sure. So do y'all think he's clean? So say just like what, what's really ruining his image is the, is the a minor that that subject right?


So is he clean enough to try to do that to Universal? You know what I'm saying? Is he clean enough to, you understand what I'm saying? Like he smashed you, he just smashed everything moving. Yeah, he done smashed everything. We just saw this man, we just saw this whole thing with Puffy. As soon as Puffy started messing with them folks, man he was sitting up in the jail cell. Everybody, he leaving people alone dog. Everybody wanted to go to Puffy. I just thought everybody wants to go to Puffy party and then one day overnight, I was the only person I went from being the only person that didn't care about going to Puff party. 'cause I don't drink and mess with the broads or do no drugs like that. Now everybody don't want to go to Puffy party.


So again, trust me, he already did more than enough for them people to hang him that we used to have this conversation all the time. Cam, like they're not going to let you get that far without having something on you right. That just, they not finna make you, they, you know, they not finna just empower you and make you a monster and, and you could just move about the cabin for free. So I do think crooked is right there. There has to be, that would make sense, right? There's a, a idea and an intention to get out of a deal. But the way you going about it, first off, you're exposing business practices that they use for all of y'all. Everybody had a Reason and furthermore, do you wanna be independent and be blackballed from Spotify?


And, and the problem is you're not going to be blackballed from Spotify, but they're going to comb your shit everybody. Because again, the dope trade is very much the dope trade. If you tell on somebody in the dope trade, nobody is gonna give you dope. That's real if They don't kill you. Did you, did you peep the move he made when he was releasing music on a website? Yes. You think that was the testing grounds? No. Just outta curiosity, what does a, an, an artist of that magnitude, what does his deal look like? Because I would assume he could kind of not craft his own deal, but kind of craft his own deal.


What do you think his deal looks like? What you Think Universal gave him? Crook maybe, maybe 20 million. I think it's 40. Let let crook out. Hold up crook. Lemme get you going. They said a $400 million deal. That's what they say. Now we understand people be tripping and, you know, saying anything for marketing, but they said $400 million, which is making it even more puzzling to as to why you would go up against them in this, in this situation. It's like, what are your intentions? I guess that's the, that's the question. What are your intentions? 'cause the deed is done. So could it, could it be, could it be controlled opposition could this be deeper than we think it is?


You know Who of context? Yep. I have zero faith. I have zero faith that Drake is a chess player. And I think the deal, I think everybody industry adds a zero to their deal. So if the deal was supposed to be 400 million, it's 40 million. I, I don't not gonna mention any names that's, I think he might have got 40 man, because there ain't nobody giving advices. Too many things that can happen. You get somebody that much money. It depends like who, I guess who owns the masters in that scenario? If he's, if he's getting 40, he must own the lion's share of his rights. He doesn't own nothing. I just heard on good authority like really, really, really good authority about an artist whose music I've never even heard getting paid a hundred for for his catalog and future catalog, right?


Yeah. But all of that stuff, forgive me, hold up, crook. All of that stuff is fluff. Like all of that numbers, I know for sure fact I could prove it, but all of that number is fluff. This has, it's hard to make that money. This this is a, this is an emotional response. This is an emotional response to I believe that, yeah. To, to bad event in his life. That is really traumatizing him. I know this sound crazy because losing a rap battle to us would probably hurt our feelings, but it probably, it ain't the end of The World. But it's, He's there from an emotional breakdown.


You right. Scandal. He really is calling this boy the hard er behind the door, behind closed doors. Yo. So let's go into the conspiracy realm, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Let's take this into the conspiracy realm real quick. The chair of Sony music recently said when rap became the number one genre, instead they signed a thousand rap artists instead of a hundred great rap artists. And that's the reason why rap is declining for them.


And they foresee it going back underground and coming up a lot stronger after going back underground. So in essence, what I heard was you're gonna for try to force rap music to go back underground. You're defunding all these marketing budgets, you're shifting the money to different genres and to catalogs that you already own. And that's the focus of the spending. And now we going to try to let rap just go underground. So is this part of that whole that makes sense.


Let let the laboratory pay for itself and then you purchase the, the, the medicine when it's done. So do is, is Lucian Grange connection to Diddy playing any part in this? Are they, are they doing some diabolical stuff behind it? Yeah. Who was about to Pass all that down to his son? His son is about to take over. Well, I'm just saying that that's still connected to the father though. So if they, if they twist the father up, the son ain't got no action. So is is he trying to just sink the ship? You know what I'm saying? And you know, let the tight tenant go down and, and and scatter before, before that happened? I don't think so, bro. I think the Universal Music Group is indestructible, bro. I Don't Oh no such thing. No, no such thing as just like saying America's indestructible.


No, But listen one, you know what I'm saying Cam? I like, I like, I like I I like America's chances less. Right. I like U of G chances better of being This Universe. Right? I I'm just saying bro, they have a lot of money, they have a lot of influence bro. And it's just not music. You know, it's a lot of people in that building. A lot of big mega stars. You gotta remember, everybody's over there ain't over their g Everybody is over there. That's what I'm saying. It's only, it's the only thing left to some degree is like two labels left. And I'm sure ain't everybody on the, ain't everybody on the Diddy party list, the Epstein list.


That list will never come out. I don't know. Never say never. And and then, and then if it comes out, nobody is going to react. No, listen, this whole Diddy, Diddy travesty is all a sham. Don't nobody care about who. Nobody care about Diddy buying no prostitutes. Nobody care about how Diddy was partying. Nobody care because everybody, all of these people, even the people in the chat party the same way I am the only the honorable glasses Lo the only nigga that don't party that way. I think it's only fair, Mohamed and Cam, the only people that don't party that way. This is normal people party.


The reason this matters to Diddy is because some other stuff is going on. Something else is drunk. You feel me? So again, it's like he crooked is making some compelling points. Could he be making a play to get out of his deal? Because I did hear that a couple times today. This is the wrong way to do it. The wrong these are these wrong enemies to have. If you plan to be in this business after today. Mm, after today, it don't even matter whether or not they let him go. It don't even matter if they let him go. It does not matter if they let him go. He made the greatest mistake of his life today.


Yeah. In business. He made the greatest mistake of his life in the culture a couple months ago during the battle. But he made the greatest mistake of his life today challenging the business. Gee, you know what this could possibly open the door to. What have we seen a whole trend of in the last couple years? And by a couple Emini here, 60, but opportunistic, department of Justice prosecutors, he could do this, walk away tomorrow and potentially entice actual criminal investigation action by people who wanna get their name out there.


And d General, it's not possible. You know what I'm gonna tell you? This messing with somebody like Universal Pete, it would mess around and reverse back on him. They would fuck around and twist him up somehow and start looking at his stuff. 'cause I'm gonna tell you, all he's going to do is get his self furthest scrutinized. So if he got anything done, if he got anything filed in his catalog dog, he's gonna be in trouble. He might be sitting next to Diddy somewhere. I'm telling you man, these people ain't nothing to play with though. Yeah. They not, they not nothing to play with. And he like, he like Biden to me or you know what I'm saying? He don't, he ain't making the decisions. He, he worth too much to too many people for, for us to think Drake just made that decision. Somebody else, his handlers is, is advisors.


Somebody else is, is making him do that. I think Man or David Jones moving On his own reconnaissance and not talking to them. And that's gonna mean his further instruction especially shout David Jones for the $5. The petition, the petition is filed under a vague LLC. He didn't want this to go public, but they're trying to flip it like he's looking out for indie artists. That is a, a major boy that David Jones, he, he figured out the audio problem. We couldn't figure out with crook man, David Jones. My Square gonna get replaced by David Jones. Real is the number one I'm About to get off this year Of No Ceilings lunch hour Monday, Wednesday, and Friday at noon.


Dave, I need you at the lunch hour at 12 o'clock Pacific standard time Monday, Wednesday and Friday noon. You gotta the entire shoot. I don what you got going on, you cooking. It's, it's kind of late to be cooking, but you cook, but you cooking. You know what I'm gonna tell you though, man, we see this all the time and the, and especially in music, man, people allow, they you to start thinking man, that they can, that they almost on a deity level man. And they find out they Icarus. Mm mm I fly too close to the sun. I wound up getting heated up. I'm telling you man, that this is gonna end bad for dude.


Yeah. It, it just, it just, it almost can't work out. Like he's not like he's empowered by the business, like without the business. How like He, he effed on both, both sides. Like he already got something he can't handle from, from Kendrick and, and these west coast and now the United States fans street, these street people, the soldiers. And now he want to throw a, a fit against daddy or mama or whatever, you know what I'm saying? They, it's, it is a lose lose situation. All he had to do, man, I'm pretty sure his advisors told him this. All he had to do was shut the fuck up and go somewhere and jail. You know, it's funny that we keep thinking his advisors is telling him that I'm starting to really believe.


No, they're not. I agree with glasses. I, I'm, I don I think it's, And I told you this the long time ago. He said glasses, people will be telling these people whatever they want to hear. He told me that at an elephant bar in Lakewood. He said glasses, these people telling these people whatever they want to hear, they're trying to keep their business. And I, And I equated, I equated that to people trying to keep their positions at the job. So they telling the, the, the, the, the payroll whatever they need to hear to stay on the payroll. I, I can see that because I, I can see like Diddy, Diddy did the same thing. So I guess he didn't have no advisors to tell him to try to sue De Leon or whoever that was the did he, so I guess you, you could be right about that.


It Wouldn't kind of funny, funny, I tell you what happened, this is all arrogance, man. This is all his arrogance man. It's so be his undoing because he seems to think I'm Drake, I can do whatever the hell I wanna do. And he do this, he go find out the hard way. He already did it. That's the problem. Like he already, he already put that out there. Yep. You can't call it back. Like Diddy's lawsuit was like, it wasn't about that. Like he, he filed this so they could force so he could force them to deliver material paperwork and stuff about the claims. Like if you start getting, you know, the government and these people business, you're gonna have a real problem.


Ain't the best question though. Universal pay a lot of money. Universal pay a lot of taxes, bro. It's a lot of people making money off of Universal. Yeah, you gotta remember, it ain't just music, it's movies, it's licorice, all kind of stuff. They got their hands in man. And they make, they pay a lot of money. They make a lot of money and they make a lot of other people money. So the question is why then let's, let's look at why if Drake is, is accusing them of that, why would they do that to Drake? Why, what would the motivation be? S that but big bro, that's Drake in his mind. No Emini here. Just let's, let's let's humor that though. Let's, let's just try to go down that little rabbit hole for a second. What would they have against Drake?


Why would they favor Kendrick over Drake? It would be almost kind of like the way you see, you know how like with regard to certain like virality algorithms when something starts to get hot, they go, like the algorithm identifies it, it went from a zero to a thousand like really fast. So it'll flood it. So it goes from a thousand to 10 million and, and perhaps they were just looking at all right, what Kendrick just did is bigger than what we foresee Drake doing in the near future. So we're gonna flood this and capitalize on this moment because it's that this is the moment that we're gonna get the most out of. And I, you know what at, at Drake, at Drake's, at Drake's expense of, of being called a minor.


So they didn't care nothing about his, His character. Now check this out. Gee, We all know that. Let's say he did get 400 million. You don't get all that money at once. And there's some stipulations in there too. Let's say they don't wanna give him the rest of that money and they do kind of wanna f him off. And sometimes, you know this, it might be like Jerry Kraus and the 1998 Bulls. Look, you've peaked Emini here. Honestly, I cannot think of one single reason that the business would empower Kendrick over Drake. Me neither. I can't think crook, I can't think of a sole reason five year outlook.


The business would, they're the same age, not one sole reason. Can I think of why the business would empower Ken? Like Drake has had so many records. Smash hit records. I think he's like 13 in 14 in like he has more number one records on the hot 100 than Michael Jackson. Kendrick forced their hands, Kendrick kicked him out of the community. He forced their hand. I don't know if that's even true because I gotta ask truth this question. At any point man, did Drake reach out to you for you to rescue him, man, for you to donate your pen?


Yo still, man, that, that's, that's hilarious. You know what I'm saying? That's hysterical. But real talk, it is kind of like why would they like, it would have to be some behind the scenes stuff that we not privy to. That could be the only reason why they would choose to push Kendrick and push Drake out. You know what I'm saying? Because even a a mid-tier Drake is bringing them money. You know what I'm saying? So, and I'm gonna tell you dog people got a twist that Drake was a bigger artist than Kendrick. Yeah. Oh yeah. Emini here. But, but, but mine is, hold up.


I got you. But mine is the bigger artist. I cannot think of one sole reason the label chooses Kendrick over Drake. It, it doesn't make sense. Like he had to actually win the Emini here. Listen, he had better records. I I think during the battle, I think Drake didn't lean to his strategy of making really good records that can be played all over the country. I think he really went into it with a battle of mind. I'm going to battle this guy. Like, you know, he, he believed all of the hype of battle rap and, and you know, when he went away from what worked for him in Amek Mill Battle, right? Which was back to back. And then he gets to the, well even when he gets into Pusha t battle, he dropped a rap song like where he's just rapping and then he gets into Kendrick battle and the pushup record is dope, right?


This is good catchy, but then every other record is not a really great record, right? So, so I think he lost a battle on his, I think he lost a battle on his own right? And, but I could not find one reason why the business would ever favor Kendrick over Drake. I can't find one reason in my mind. No, I I don't think, I think that's kind of reaching right there. I think it's kind of reaching bro. And I, I'm gonna tell you what it is, man. Drake has been living out his fantasies over the last 10, 15 years, right? He's been messing with girls that he probably would've never had the chance to, to knock down if he wasn't Drake.


Gotta remember that dude used to look corny G before he got the money made up and all that. Not didn't. He looks corny yesterday. Yeah. Right now today. Yeah. Looks like he just looks like he's impersonating us being corny. That's what I'm saying. He gets a real corny dude when you really think about it, right? So he's been living fantasies, he's been going, he's been really fascinated with battle rap. He's been going to leagues, been sponsoring leagues, he's sponsored the whole URL but then you know, they little streaming thing they had going on and he really thought in his mind, this is going to be my chance to immortalize myself in a battle Was Emini here. You did an incredible job with the Meek Mill battle. Hold on, lemme get through these super chats real quick.


Shout out to Captain D. Hard thanks for the $5 brother. It's been reported. He is in contract negotiations before the battle started. Don't know if that's true, but it's on Twitter now. He had did that a couple years ago. Maybe he did for an extension, but I know he did that a year or two ago. Shout out to Caleb. Production. Thanks for the $2. My brother is spiritual. I really believe God writers, I think that's, I agree with you in the innate sense of the battle, but that is not what Universal Music Group is pushing in righteous people. Not like, forgive me 'cause I don't wanna say that they don't have any talent that's righteous. I'm saying I don't think that's a weighing factor for them to market and act is if they're a righteous person.


I just think that's the furthest thing from their mind. I think, you know, I don't wanna make it too, I don't wanna go too hard on them, you know? 'cause I don't know business practices, I ain't been in there, but the last thing that I get from them is righteous. That's, I don't get that As far as artistry.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery. It's everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hi, This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs and stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


At Amica Insurance, we know it's more than a life policy. It's about the promise and the responsibility that comes with being a new parent. Dad, being their day and night and building a plan for tomorrow. Today for the ones you'll always look out for, trust, Amica Life Insurance, Amica Empathy is our best policy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Shout out to the homie Omar Adu. Thanks for the $5. This is some great dialogue, SLU fellas. Glad you enjoying it man. We tackling it right now this late because like, this is just breaking events. It just matters. Yo, yo glasses. Let's go back to the battle real quick. I feel like it, I feel like we still is talking about going into all these battle rap events and all that you want. The first thing you peep in, in that world is people use angles. And you know what Emini here, his angle was the lil bro Kendrick, he just wanted the Lil Brot, You feel me? And Kendrick was coming with concept records like Meet the Grams and he was taking it all the way around The World with his pen as far as coming, you know, on some battle shit.


And I feel like if, if he was really paying attention in them battle events, then we would have different records right now. And on the tip of the, you know, the spirituality tip, I don't think he talking about universal music spirituality and they practices. I'm, I think you talking about just period. Like it is time for, you know, something else to, to come into, to play because of all of the, the, the, the demons in the, in in the music playground right now. You feel me? Totally, totally agree that there's a real demand for it. The universe is demanding for it. But trust me, universal Music Group is not at the, they are not the hands spinning for the you not universal Music group.


Music group. Oh wow. Swear glasses. You got a, a painting or some sort of an artistic piece as the result of this battle, correct? I do. I have a What what does that depict? I forget Drake doing pushups while Kendrick as the master is watching him. Indeed. Indeed. Okay, Drop down. Gimme 50. There you go. Yes, I agree with Crooked. The Universe Music Group is definitely demanding more of a righteous fold. And I and Emini here, something I've talked to Cam over the years about, you know, when it comes to health and, and, and being street as I am and, and the language that I use, like you could always be a street guy and be very much a righteous person.


They don't, they're they're not mutually exclusive. They can go together. You just have to be willing to stand up and be who you are, even in the face of friends. Right. You still gotta be stern. I just don't know if that's the business of Universal Music Group. I, I think Universal Music Group do, I think behind the scenes they have some backdoor deals that can encourage people to do the wrong thing. Sure. But I also think, you know, people like to share in silly shit. You know, you, like, I don't do drugs, but people like drugs. I don't know why I will probably be the last person to tell you why somebody like drugs or alcohol.


I could never understand it. Why do you, why Do, why do you think Drake wanted to get involved in the battle rap scene? Do you think that he he wants a, a army or a brotherhood? He wants to, for his, his manhood nature to be respected. You know what I'm saying? Because you can, you can have all the females liking you all over The World. But I really Think with him, I'm gonna tell you something Cam everybody like going to the zoo, right? Because you know everybody, what's the favorite thing people like what, what's the fa what's the biggest attraction at the zoo? The gorillas and the, the gorillas. Lions and lions, right? 'cause they behind the cages, right? How many people you think will go to the zoo if the motherfuckers is running free when you go to the park?


A lion, you know, gorillas just swing tree to tree when you come in and just, just bombing on people, you know, biting people's head off and shit. Wouldn't nobody's wanna see that life? I think Drake has been going to the Superman now. He think he could walk among the beasts. Shout out to ec c tech, academics talking about glasses. Malone of 20,000 viewers. Story of my life, brother, story of my life. All He did something. It's always somebody that's entirely too famous upset at me. So I'm used to it Emini here. Hopefully it's not bad. Yeah, like I said, the, the, the the beautiful thing though is people that, like I said, the poverty, you know, produces a a, a army of brotherhood.


So there ain't ain't no amount of money, ain't no amount of females and, and popularity or whatever that can equal a, a real army. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's riding and sliding for love and respect. So I think that's what he deficient of. You know what I'm saying? All of us on this panel, you know what I'm saying, including Pete got more respect I think, you know what I'm saying than, than dude do. That's Fair. Where it counts Saying And I think it's also yeah, because of that deficiency, he's not gonna go get it in the streets. This is the closest place he can go to get it, Man. Mm, That's True. Shout out to aj. I think it's pronounced or Aja, but I think it's aj the only thanks for the $5 Brody.


The only reason I can foresee UMG pushing dot over Drake at any moment is if they know some nefarious shit on his jacket that might hit the streets. That's a great point. That's possible. That is a great point. I think they for sure, they for sure will Unconnect from your ass if you got some shit Disconnect like A motherfucker and, and what was the theme of the song, Right? No. Right. No. Right. But, but I I'll be honest, when I asked dot ain't gonna lie. Did Ask Dot he said glasses You ain't known me to be no liar. Said I'm saying all is fear. All is fear, right.


And I I think there's, you know, hip hop's a kind of genre where when it goes, it goes quick for a lot of artists. You know, you can have a run for, for a long, long time and when it, when you're no longer the sound anymore, it's, it, it, you have to wait until you're like, now, now You're like Old school hot because people remember you, You know, shout out to Captain D Hard thanks for another five, my boy. It's a new contract and the lawsuit, it says he owns his masters in Copyright. Well that could be another thing too. That could be another thing too. Ka like if, if, if you own your masters and your copyrights, they might invest in somebody else.


'cause there's more money to be made. I know that's true too. You know what? Emini here, that can be a good point. Damn. Lemme ask y'all something real quick. G Sorry to cut you off. Go ahead. How many artists do y'all know, man, that really were big deals that, that their finances don't reflect it right now. You know, guys like from the nineties that had really huge records and really big careers, that was the Kendricks back in the day. How many of those guys do you see that their finances may not be all the way? Right? And not trying to, you know, ditch them dudes or nothing, but just trying to make a point. Most of 'em, me, me included, you know what I'm saying? So, you know, it's a business. It's a business but it's also a boys' club. You know, people get to work that, that stay in the circle.


It's a certain, it's a such thing as gatekeepers or whatever, you know, a little boys' club that they going, they gonna keep you working if you, if you get down like they get down down. So I never got down like them period. So, you know, I was never invited to the reindeer games. I say all that to say this man Nigga crack bitch Bro. You can never, you can never get in a position dude to where you think you too big man. 'cause I don't seen some big dudes fall, man. He definitely, he definitely, no matter how it go, this was a mistake. There's no way he could come out on the other end and this not be a mistake because now you're making enemies with really powerful people who are happen to be a lot further vested in the business you want to succeed in than you do.


Not to mention again, it is like maybe, you know, I don't know man, I don't, I don't know. Like I'm, I'm trying to think of what makes sense. Maybe he's gonna quit. Maybe he's like, you know what, I'm done with this. I'm gonna blow the lid off of it and then I'm gonna ride off into the sunset. Maybe it Ain't gonna be that easy. I think he just retired. The Sunset is, yeah, the sunset gonna be crazy. You know, in Canada you Go far enough north and the sun doesn't set for months during the summer You're stuck in the daytime. Yeah. I I don't quite know how this works out. Again, the culture kind of, they're done with him, right?


Which he does have a fan base. Toru his point earlier that, you know, he got from obviously years and years of great music and success, right? That, that he's going to have an audience. But Universal is tied to the people that own the arenas. Universal is tied to the people that actually stream the music. Universal is like, you get what I'm saying? You, you start to put yourself into a disadvantage because these people are connected to everybody. You know what, Emini here and they will stop. So I don't quite know what the thought is. I just think it's a bad thought. Hold Up real quick. What was his last three records? 'cause didn't this last three records do like unbelievably bad.


His last three singles, he tried to drop Emini here. Bad Drake is probably not in the top 20. Shit. Drake No, I I don't think these records even hit the top 100 from what? Emini here. Well, I think he put out a lot more. It's not cool To listen to Drake anymore. Listen. Yeah, he's obviously been struggling. He's obviously been struggling, but I also don't think he went in there and started to try to make really great records that addressed where he's at and gave people what they wanted to hear. I don't think it would matter. Emini here, it still like how j Cole was able to do with that song where he tried to rewrite history and act like, oh yeah, I didn't do the battle because I don wanna argue with my free J Cole. You know, J Cole didn't get hit like this. He was smart.


He was Smart. I don, I don't think j Cole Cole didn't get hit like this. Yeah, I don think just the worst hit since Ja rule, this ja rule, this ja rule oh five, You know, this is Cole Gold stick came out with Platinum album and the Gold Album in top 40 songs. Ja Rule still is street. So he understands what not to do. Ja Rule's, persona non grata for a decade. Yeah, but this is worse. I know this could be, and that's why the company pivoted. Like this could be and remember and remember like to Jo and them situation, remember they called a Fed case and, and that's when the label walked away from Suge, walked away from Jay and walked away from Irv.


At that same time, they all had caught fed. People didn't realize, but they all caught fed cases at the same time. So Drake trying to give Most didn't really trip off that. So Drake trying to give Universal a Fed case, right? Yeah. To to, to Rico. His his attorneys to mention Rico in the paperwork like that is, It's not going, it's not gonna end good. It's not gonna end good. That's trying to get them investigated. Drake could be going through some kind of crisis right now, man. Where he like, he's gonna see too much. He about to tell it all. You know you got that one homie that you take on the mission seat that probably shouldn't be going. He's he's gonna pull Martin Lawrence The next day. He might be about to drop the dime.


Dime, bro. Shout out to George Williams. He said, that's why we never get ahead. He's not scared to be the fall guy for the future guys. This has nothing to do with fall guy for future guys. All he's going to do is stop record companies from marketing record. He's not even gonna stop anything. There's nothing the fall fall guy for anybody else that's going to, and he's not himself being a fall guy. He's pointing at another guy. He's like, no, that guy. He's not saying, Hey, you know what, this is what the record label, if he wanted to be the fall guy and he, he did It a long time ago. Yeah, he could do it for himself. He could be like, this is how they marketed me, this is how they spent the money. I have the paperwork right here.


Here's the proof. Look at this, this, this, this, this. But he's doing what Gunner did he like? No, look what they did for him. Look at that guy over there. They did this for him, you know, as Rico, so forth and so on. You feel me? They did that for him. Now, if he wanted to be the fall guy, he would say, this is what they did for me. Hey, you know what, they, they falsely marketed my stuff. They made me bigger than I was. My numbers caught up And I was in arenas, so forth and so on. That's if he was trying to be a fall guy or a martyr or, or or Jesus type of person in that regards, he would take the responsibility. He would not be pointing at who he could consider his Judas as, Jesus didn't be like it was Judas.


He didn't, he didn't even Snitch, stayed on the cross. It was like, whatever. Feel me. Drake is like, Drake is Latino Brown in the courtroom on New Jack City. Damn. Hey Drake, Drake, low key like Howard Hughes. You ever seen a Howard Hughes story and the eccentric went crazy in in the big ass Manchester started peeing in bottles and lining 'em up, grooming his fingernails all along. Drake might he, he might need to get that little 51 50 watch. My boy was like Nino, he was like, it was Kendrick. He's not a witness. He's taking everybody down. Drake showed up to the police department with the rape kit.


Hey GI gotta Go on pick up baby girl. I love y'all man. I'm holler you in a Minute. My boy. Yeah, he, he not, he not a fall guy. He's a I'm wanna speak to the manager. That's what he doing right now, you know what I'm saying? And you know, if he wanted to talk about how corrupt the industry is, he wouldn't have waited to to, to turn the light on on his supposed enemy. You know what Emini here, this is, this is, this has nothing to do with anything righteous for the future of artistry. You feel me? Now will it end up being something like that? We don't, I doubt it, but okay, that would just be a, a byproduct of him trying to get vengeance and stay on his mission.


You know what I'm saying? It is not in his intentions to to save, to save the mu the music. You feel me? That's, you not finna do that. So He's the first lady to sue. Yeah, UG like you said, man, you know they, they, when they start activating, boy, let me tell you, if if people, people don't think they had nothing to do with, with, with that Rico from the color colorful hair guy, man, you know what I'm saying? Man, they, they out they mind. So my whole thing is like you said, they got a lot of power and this ain't going to unfold how him and his team thought.


Yeah, but I don't know bro. Like he crashing out. You feel me? Like he crashing out right now. That's all, that's all he doing. If he was Smart, he's here right now. There he is, kungfu Kenny, the educated brother from Compton, that, that's who the real leader of, of this, of this, of this ambition Undertaker is doing. Oh, if Dre was smart, he should have paid another artist to sue and paid for the legal fees. Oh man, shout out to Flocko. He said, come on big bro. Drake is doing this for the people like us who preach against corrupt infrastructure.


We should be celebrating this. This is bigger than Kendrick and Drake. I would buy that flock. If it wasn't Drake, It wasn't, Drake knows what they did for him and his business. He didn't come out and break the industry in half. All you gotta do is be like, this is what they did for me. They made this work. I know they spent this money. Here's the proof he could talk about everything. But when he's pointing at Kendrick, that's why it's not about preaching against a corrupt infrastructure. No, bro, the benefactors, He's suing him for a song called Not Like Us by Kendrick Lamar. That's what the fuck this is about, bro.


Like, let's not try to, you know what Emini here, I I'm the most positive thinking brother. You could have a fucking meet, you know what Emini here, but we not gonna go into the land of fairytales. Yeah. The motherfucker said, yo Not Like Us is the craziest fucking atomic nuclear bomb that ever dropped on the rapper's head. And I don't like that shit everywhere I go. They planned it in The World Series. Oh man, man, oh man, man, He's, he's trying to, it has nothing to do with that other shit. Now, like I said, if it becomes a bi, if that other shit becomes a byproduct, please believe it's not his intention. Because simply put like you said g he's pointing his finger, bro.


Yeah, he's pointing his finger and he is saying, yo, this is what they did for him and I'm going to expose it if Not Like Us as a dud, we never had this conversation and Poet Flocko, when you told me the album would die, I didn't believe it. This is unbelievable. You were right. I don't know how you're predicting it. F Flaco hip hop is street Urban culture. The first time we talk on your platform on No Jumper, I explained it to you, it's artistically expressed street urban culture. It's the way you act, walk, talk, everything about it is that it's not, it doesn't lead with music first. The confusion is that it leads with music first.


No, it leads with culture first. If it led with Music Chief Keith wouldn't have sold three records, no disrespect to Chief Keith, but he ain't quite Herbie Hancock, he's not quite Quincy Jones and Michael Jackson. You know, his music isn't quite, you know, Ray Charles, you know, he is not on the piano playing. You feel me? That type of song wouldn't work if it was music first. If that was the case, then Leon Haywood's song would be multi-platinum and Dr. Dre's song would've only sold, you know, Ang would've only sold 5,000 if it was about music because the music in these other genres is superior. The music.


Now, when you add in the fact that hip hop is about culture, it's about discovery and people that don't have a voice and a movement of people that refuse to be ignored and and determine to let you know they exist and talk about their experience in this very small minute population in America. All it's very few ghettos that create this stuff that we talking about. You know what I'm saying? That's what hip hop is about and that's what we come for. See, I'm, I've never been confused and thought to myself, we come for music. I, again, like right now, people ask me all the time, I don listen to more new artists. I'm like, 'cause I'm actually listening for music now, now I'm not listening for culture.


I'm like, well what's actually sounds good? I'm gonna go play hall of notes. I'm gonna go play Prince. I'm going to go discover the third Marvin Gaye album 'cause I'm going to listen to music. But when I listen to hip hop, I listen for culture, I listen for lingo, I listen for style, fashion, representation, and then music. So again, it's like when you was asking me how that battle will play out, it's a guy with culture that understands culture versus a guy with no street urban culture Zero. He's been kind of in like, like impersonating it. It's like asking me, you know what a, in a soul food competition, who would win like m and Mss Prime m and m or Kentucky Fried Chicken?


There's nobody in The World that's going to taste both soul food. You asking me who would win King Tacos or Taco Bell? Anybody with Taste Buds is going to work King Tacos, where's a certain type of taste buds? 'cause to me it's like also like Godzilla and, and King Kong, right? The machine made them both global monsters, but when it comes to them battling each other, one of 'em got way more weapons than the other one. You know what I'm saying? On that, on that scene, It to, to me like it could, like when I first started seeing the, the comments and, and some of the posts about this on social media, I, the wagons circled so fast.


They circled so fast. And I like, like, look this is, this sounds stupid. It's kind of funny. You, you three guys haven't been on that side of the wagons. Like I've been, I've had the wagon circle on me. Yeah. You know, it happens fast and you see it boom and it doesn't unhappen and everybody in the room knew it and it was cool for Drake until Drake just did that little thing to give him the excuse and he did it and he capitalized on it and they just went and he was over there. Man, It happened so fast. I got a question. Where does Drake go from here?


He just messed it up. Me, He has to wait until he's nostalgic. I I think, I think I, he would never do this, but if he, if he apologized, you know what I'm saying? If he, if he apologized to the culture and embraced, you know, reality instead of playing like he was God and trying to son everybody and you know, 'cause you on this, I'm rich and I'm balling and I'm playing these money games and you know what I'm saying? You have to break it all the way down and, and get with some real people. Do a, do a whole lot of charity. You know what I'm saying? Like you, you have to do a whole lot of Santa Claus. You have to Actually come clean and be for real.


You have to be genuine. Shout out to Big Chy. A blogger said he bullies people legally and he really wants to sue Don. I believe that too. Shout out to Tre. He said invite him to the podcast man. Dre wouldn't come to this. Dre wouldn't come to that podcast man. It's funny because we wouldn't even be talking about this stuff but he would be so mad and upset that he wouldn't really, you know, be okay with the conversation. Hold on. This is, this is head calling me. Lemme see what he talking about. Rizza, what up? I can't call it. I got you on the live stream with me, crooked Cam and Pete.


Oh shit, what's up for the record? Don't worry. Nobody, everybody knows that when you call me it's required that you say 'cause that's how everybody greets me. All the white lawyers, managers, they gotta say what's up? 'cause when p called me like what's up? 'cause So Come on. I know I don't To understand the thought process behind the going on what's, what the going on is I, we we can't figure it out. We've been trying to discover and what's going on for the last hour and 35 minutes and none of us is really close because the best thing I heard came from a come where somebody said he owns his masters in Copyright in his new contract.


So maybe that's why they could favor Kendrick over him. But I still don't understand why that would bother him to the point to where he would sabotage his business future with UMG and affiliates Emini here. That that's a close I get to, I still don't think so. 'cause I would imagine the money with Drake and, and where they have positioned him to is incredible. So it doesn't make sense. So the the the most, the most realistic, you know, solution is he's having an emotional outbreak and he has the kind of money that people are not saying, Hey, this is not a wise idea.


I don think there's anyone probably around cultural And that's again the same problem. Cam said, crooked asked a question, he said, what would it take to get Drake back into a decent position? And Cam said he'll never do this. But to apologize to the culture and to everything else about what he's been doing and decide to himself, he's going to become more of a humanitarian and look out for the culture that he's benefited off of and work from there. But again, it would take a level of self-awareness like conscious to where you can understand what's happening. And I definitely do not believe he has the self-aware to understand, you know, possible consequences for misusing the culture this way to the benefit of just making money and, and feeling like the, the equivalent is empowering a couple other rappers, which really still gives you the same credibility.


You know what Emini here and I'm And I don't think Drake is one of these people who don't, I think he definitely the schools and he tries his best. But this is something really deep. Like this is a really, you know, we are hard on each other head community wise over this. We are hard over people who really been through this, let alone people who didn't go through this. So Emini here it requires shout out to Ider 78. It, the answer is it requires humility and you could forget about that. Yeah, I don think there's there's numerous, there's a couple of individuals who have expressed over the years And I think ended them progress within the ecosystem.


Sure, sure. Alright, I'm hit you once we finish. So, I don't know man, I, I, I crook. I think we done spent a lot of time Cam I think we done spent a lot of time trying to figure out, I don't have the answer. So the answer comes back to a Kendrick song. Be Humble. Mm Is that going to happen? And that'll do it. Much love to y'all man. See y'all Wednesday at noon man. And thanks Crooked. Thanks big bro. Cam Pete, we back here Wednesday. Make sure y'all go subscribe to the no silly podcast when you leave here. It's on Apple Podcast anywhere you get your podcast.


The No Ceilings Podcast produced by Charlemagne to God Black Effect Network And I Heart Get Down Where You Get Down, where You Mad at Playboy. We out here good looking out for tuning into the No Ceilings podcast. Please do us a favor and subscribe rate, comment and share. This episode was recorded right here on the west coast of the USA and produced by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio.


Yeah, Listen to me, this is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in, in-stock SUVs including the Adventure Ready RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Have you ever wondered what it would be like to have supervision enhanced hearing extraordinary reflexes to be dare we say superhuman will. Roku's new pro series TV can't do any of that for you. But with a 4K screen side firing speakers and a blazing fast refresh rate, it'll sure feel like it. Elevate your entertainment using all your favorite apps like iHeart and play all your music, radio, and podcasts with the new Roku Pro series. Your senses aren't better. Your TV is.


If you're looking for your next movie or show to watch, you could browse hundreds of entertainment reviews, ratings and blocks. Or if you're ready to get to the good stuff, just follow Xfinity on Instagram. Xfinity's Entertainment experts do the work for you, bringing together TV recommendations, movie premieres, insider knowledge and more. And not just the blockbusters, they've got all the deep cuts you'd otherwise miss and Rex on Must listen. Podcasts on iHeartRadio, Xfinity's a must follow. Find them on Instagram now and you'll never miss a beat.