
Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So, yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for mo


Moments. Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and, and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up, but not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm, proud sponsor of Michael Toura podcast Network.


ODU is business management made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes Business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use DU because they save you money. Du makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com. Good job. Thanks.


This is Simone Boyce from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality, and the power that comes from being your truest self. At L'Oreal Paris, beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences, and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's Beauty Essentials, combine innovative products with that classic Parisian touch to help you feel like your most confident self. Because taking on The World is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup L'Oreal Paris, because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


Watch up and welcome back to another episode of No Ceilings Podcast with your host. Nah, fuck that with your low glasses Malone. Now what? No, what what happened is Quiz had put out an album. Oh, so it's like this, the homie, you feel me? Like, like we get 30,000, 40,000 downloads a week or whatever it is. Quiz put out an album that makes sense, right. To make sure that we do a podcast with quiz without a doubt makes sense to me. Right. And then Monday, Wednesday and Friday, the live lunch hour was to help Digital Soapbox.


What are you squinting at, bro? Oh no, I'm, I'm looking at something. I'm trying to see something right there. Do you need glass? That's a lot squinting for a Computer screen that's two feet in front of your face. Did You know we could do this in 4K? We wanted to. No, I didn't know. That's tight though. I'm, I'm gonna a c I'm gonna try to put it up on there. Is your, I don't know, Peter's thing might start. It's cool The higher the k, the older I look. So let's keep it One K. So it just mandatory. You bring quiz on the pod. That just makes sense. It like you use your platforms to help your people. Like you don't really do that. You don't really do that for your people still.


But this is how poor people use. What do you mean? I do do that for my people all the time. I always, I always mention people and only if their last name is steal still on, steal on everything. Yeah. Like how nigga still get over here. They be like, oh, poor ass nigga need to help yourself. You pull yourself up by your bootstrap. No, man, shoot, I got so much man. You know what? I'm gonna tell y'all something, man. The older you get, the more you realize, man, that, that men get treated like the worst shit in The World dog. So this, if you ain't got, if you don't have nothing going on dog as a man, as a man, if you don't have no motherfucker monetary value, dog, you ain't shit. Hey, still, I've been knowing you since like for a long time.


You've been saying that since you was like 35, bro. It's, it's the truth dog. It's the truth. If you don't have no dog, if you don't have no money, dog, you not worth it. A grain of salt. I agree. Do you want to be loved broke? Man? Man, I Y'all think you supposed to be loved unconditionally, bro. Why do you think that? Because I just think so, bro. I love people unconditionally. No, you don't. If you was broke, would you love yourself? Still? Hold up. That's a lie. No, you don't. I do love people unconditionally. No you don't. Yes I do. I love my kids unconditionally. Oh, you don't. How you figure that? How, how you, how you figure that I love people unconditionally. Your old lady wasn't give you no vagina. You wouldn't love her. Yes, I would. I I Oh, you wouldn't.


I'm gonna tell you t call the shit. That's not the, the thing After 30 years of marriage, nobody want that No more. That, that's like, remember, remember in Meredith's children, Al Bundy used to complain about having sex with the wife, sex with their wife. You know what? Man, I don't think people complain about that. I just think that people man have this. I think everybody's trying to use each other. Everybody just wanna use somebody dog. Everybody getting used. I mean, look. Yeah, I, I saw the video with the little white man you saw yesterday and, and he was talking about how people once, not me. No, no, not you. It Oh, he definitely wasn't players. You Hold on one second. Yo, hold on one second. My phone.


He's not player as you, bro. He was complaining that he felt useless at a time and women could make you feel useless. And it's like, still just be mad because his old lady expect him to do the same thing he been doing. Is these for 30 years, What he signed up to do? Yeah. Like his Job description. I I told steel this and he got to this argument with me. I say, bro, you marry a woman when you decide you want to take care of that woman forever. If that ain't your reason for getting married. If you married somebody because you want them to take care of you, you got married for the wrong reason. That's why no women celebrate at the wedding and not the men. Exactly. See, the thing is a woman dog, you can't expect a woman to take care of you.


Like a man shouldn't expect, never expect a woman to take care of him, dog. That's just not, I would hardly expect a woman to come back home from the grocery store. That's, it's not manly, bro to respect the woman to take care of you. You feel what I'm saying? But I think men have been getting the short end of the stick man for the last hundred, 200 years. Ever since they invented the job. No, ever since they started just came on a man gotta go. He might not come home. It's Been true. They invented the job 200 years ago. 15 Years. Hell yeah. Ever since the job got invented dog. The man been getting the short end of the fucking stick. No, I mean, but But like what about you gave a woman a job before you, before You know what the requirements were.


You know what that might be true. You know what I think man? Yeah, yeah. Hold up still. Listen, I'll be honest, I won't even joke. Look, in a perfect world, women will just love you no matter what you got. But Diddy's in jail for racketeering by himself, There's a lot of shit that starts with in a perfect world, but yeah. Yeah. Diddy's in jail for racketeering by himself. Obviously. He's his own organization. I even got my dad to laugh at that You Know what? Can you just picture this man's flight right now though, dog? Just a couple months ago he was on a fucking boat, like on a big ass yacht dog just doing his thing. Just eating whatever he wanted to do.


Dog. Now he's in the cell by the probably nigga named Buck. This is what happens if you have enough money to be on a boat, stay on the fucking boat. And he shoulda ran dog as soon as, and I'm pretty sure he heard rumors of this coming down the pipe. I don't dunno why he bone That was him. Might've bone the fuck off. Why the Fuck would you get off a boat? That's what I'm saying. I've took that boat straight to Brazil, some fucking wearing it, never got off. And had somebody wire me, he making all that money wire me a hundred million dollars. And I'm not coming back for 10 to 15 years. Okay. Just have, you're at international waters. Just send people out on, on, on, on the tenders to go get supplies and, and come back.


You can even bring bitches back onto the boat. Who cares? It's a boat. Oh man. I think Peter, you over there drinking? What you drinking, man? Oh, this is the Martinez. I invented it. What is the Martin? The vodka martini is the en Vogue You know drink de jour in a lot of circles these days. I'm in Miami. I know vodka martinis. I do Cuban Cafe Coladas calling Dark Rum Shaken and poured. It's the Martinez, it's the martini. An Espanol. Delicious. Delicious. You never had I've never had somebody complain about the Martin Spanish.


No. Are you, You, you in Miami? You talking about chicks in Long Beach? You tripping. Oh, they got 'em down here too. Well, I know, That's my point. Yeah. Yeah. They got, they got more of 'em down here. Long Beach Ain got nothing on on Miami. No, but I'm just saying in the scope of Miami City in The, World of LA County. You hated Miami when you were here. Still. Whatcha talking about Because it's expensive as hell, dog. They put a service charge on every damn thing. I went to Half the Price. I went to a donut shop, bro. Bought 10 worth of donut, charged 20 a 10 service charge for some donuts. Why Miami? Why are you getting donuts in Miami, bro? Donut, because They was good. They had donuts with like the whipped cream on and the Oh, you went to see if you go to Miami Beach, that's where the out counters go to Miami when they're trick money off on out town girls.


And they go and they gouge you with the, with the auto gra for anything. I went to, What's the little homie name down there? The little rat looking dude? What's the little rapper name? Kodak Black. Yeah. I went to his shop dog. It was actually pretty funny. Oh, the the clothing store. Yeah. I asked the dude that was working there. I said, does he, do he ever come in here? He said, yeah. He comes in. I go to the strip club on the other side of the wall. Yeah. You know what's funny about his store though, bro? His store smell like weed. I'm sure it does. That's not, that is not surprising to me. I I'd imagine Kodak Black said he's sober. Bernardo, bro. That's good for him. But he don't work there.


I Don doesn't. He might be. He might be dog. I hope he heals dog. I really hope because he has sobriety dog. Because I think zero chance. I think, I think drugs are ruining our community right now, dog. Not to be, not, not not being facetious either. Drugs are ruining the black community dog have been ruining the black community. Alcohol. We 70, About 72 Alcohol. Yeah. Seriously, dog. Pete, you about rights? I'm not, I'm not saying that as a joke. I, I'm saying like, to me, rhetorically speaking, there's always this talk about like the 1980s and crack and shit like that. There was an enormous number of vets that came back from Vietnam and then and outside of la Well, heroin, the community got Yes.


Just ravaged by heroin for a decade. Oh, heroin before crack even showed up. I remember no one talks about it. When I lived in Cleveland GI remember we stayed in this apartment building and in the back you would see needles just all in the ground. Heroin was so big in Cleveland though. There's needles everywhere. Dude.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void or prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High five casino


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body. They mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, or, or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What's up? It's me, Don, Tover. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more.


This is an ad from Better Help. Unfortunately, humans don't come with an owner's manual. There are no simple instructions for what to do when you're feeling down or having relationship problems or family conflict. That's when therapy can help. And Better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. Visit better help.com to learn more. That's better. HEL p.com.


Need new glasses or want a fresh new style? Warby Parker has you covered Glasses started just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Every frames designed in-House with a huge selection of styles for every face shape. And with Warby Parker's free Home Tryon program, you can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free both ways too. Go to warby parker.com/cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby parker.com/covered.


No ceilings gl My man Peter Bonds in the house. I got my big brother still. And I got my little brother. Quiz, man. Quiz. What's happening? Y'all clap for Quiz man. Act like y'all got some class, man. What's good? What's good? I'll be clapping. Quiz. Got a new project out. What's the name of it? Quiz project is called Grateful. Grateful. Yeah, I remember that. I'm on the project. So y'all check that out on Spotify. We was having a dope rap conversation. I'm like, hold that for the pie. You don't gotta be like You know you don't gotta be. We could talk about it. Would it be in, would it having taste? Yeah. Yeah. I was wondering what steel start Playing music for.


You got long to find that. Huh? Did you hear that? Yeah. Y'all heard it? Yeah, Of course we heard it. I'm trying to do applause thing. I was trying to see if we have applause. I applause. See we need a, we need a professional soundboard. Did y'all hear it? Did y'all hear that right there? No. Hey, still you sound like a toddler with a new toy. I do. Did y'all hear this right here? This work? No, we didn't hear it. I heard that. Yes. Someone cursing Stop audio. Okay. Stop it. Yes, we heard it.


That's right there. That yes. You're making it distort. I wish I wanted, I wanted do horns. We heard that too. We got it. We got that. We got all them. No. Feeling better with you on it. This version of you is so much better than the version that's on Gangster Chronicles. Well, I've been letting my, my personalities bleed over a little bit. You know Eight ain't been on the show, dog. I've been over there. Wild. Yeah, but you, because you get on Games of Chronicles and turn into a professional host like you not Barbara Walters, bro. Chill. Do it one more time for the homie. Y'all hear that? Yes. We heard it. So y'all hear the applause? Yes. Please stop.


Please stop. We just, just, just just mute him Out please. We can move on. I'm gonna put that right dog hit the something funny. Hit the, Oh shit. Does Steel have moderator? You don't have to make it yourself after My thing up on thing. So when I hit it y'all, can I just go? Okay. He was having a really dope conversation. And I said Hold it for the pod. And we're talking about Ice Cube.


And it's funny because me and Steel have had this conversation off air and he was talking about cubes, kind of what almost looks like three separate careers. Okay. Right. And he was talking about his third party and he's saying he kind of started to get questionable in his eyes when obviously he got to the third period. Right. Which was we be clubbing the yay, yay. Put your back into it. Those versions. Yeah. And, I. Get it. 'cause Stretch said the same thing to me. But to me, what I've learned being in the music business and You know I don't want to come across all music businessy, but what I really realized, bro, was what's dope for him is Right.


You start off as nwa as his writer. Like everything is the lines you writing. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And then obviously that's that first era where the Chuck d era and he came in and he was writing and saying the hardest stuff. But the reason I think that's more a, a testament to how great of a mc is and, and a hip hop legend and a and just a fantastic artist. His songwriting got crazy. Okay. Like, Think about it. Right? Like initially you said he was like Jay-Z before that. Right. Jay-Z never evolved into Forgive me ho 'cause I know you listened to the podcast, but he never turned into the same songwriter. Ice Cube turned into, remember? So Ice Cube started as an mc that needed other people to do hooks on, hit records to where he got so controlled with his songwriting, his record writing ability.


Those songs are top 20 songs and he's on the course. Yeah. Everybody wanted to hear Q doing that though. He was just a fake Tupac with the Yeah, yeah. And all that stuff. And No, but that, that's this. I got the bug like them frogs. That was corny dog. I mean I, I know like the sound the sound was changing. Things were shifting and he found his way to implement himself. And I think great songwriting can be a bit corny. And I. I think that that do you, If you really think about it, still think about some of the greatest records wrote, But I'm, I'm a fan of mc so that's why like Yeah. I Like we got the bug. It's like frogs. You, you gonna critique like Snoop Dogg for doing Yeah.


That was hard though. That was, that was hard. No, that It was a deviation from his stand. His typical sail. But Snoop was never like a, like a prolific writer like Ice Cube was. Well no Snoop is the greatest of all time Whatcha talking about, but they do something different. See And I think when we hear Rapper, we think writer. That's something I trip off of. That's not really what a rapper means. It it's the connotation. But it's not like, I think we fancy Cube and certain people as writers versus Snoop who is actually just a superb rapper. I think we separate the terms writer and composer because rapper's gonna write their lyrics. But you compose the piece or something.


Like, something kind of You know what I'm saying? That's a little deeper. That's a little deeper. But let's back up before we go from there. Q Snoop has always been an incredible rapper. Now if you question how great he writes or the things he's writing, yeah, yeah. That's a different conversation because that's where, to me, the Jay-Z's the Nas and different people stand out as writers when you hear the things they're writing you like, oh, these dudes are, And to me and to me, not everybody has that talent. Yeah. Yeah. So, so when q well You know moved away when Q moved away from displaying his talent in that way. That's where like, it gets a little tricky for me. Well I think that's the genius of it, right? Because if you really think about it from 1988, well, boys and Hood came out in 87 to be able to carry a career for 11 years on your own PenFed and then you are writing your hit records at the end of that 11, 12 year run.


Yeah. Yeah. Like what's crazy is my favorite Cube album is the war album. It's not necessarily America Death Certificate, lethal Predator. I feel like as a songwriter and as a mc, he was at his, his his Apex, his greatest. By the time he became a much better songwriter to go with the MCing. Now I agree with you. I think as you become, 'cause I go through this now as I become a much better record writer, you kind of leave MCing MCing. I I don't wanna say leave it, that's not the right word. It is not as imperative because it's more about the composition of the whole record. I hear you. Versus where if you, Jay you really don't get me wrong 'cause I do think Jay writes some of the singing parts for some people, but for the most part he's take like he didn't write Empire State of Mind.


Yeah, yeah. He just had toe the verses bit a lot of stuff too. There's certainly That was, I don't, I don't like, I don't like when starts leaving the MC part, But what my nigga used to, I don't, I personally don't like when the mc starts leaving the mc part. Well I, I I personally don't like that. No, no. I get it. There's a natural, like there's there's a point of diminishing returns where stuff becomes too lyric centric to be ma To get mass like audience You know, understand Resonance You. know what I'm saying? Not understand You know You know who that is. That's Bob Dylan.


Like Bob Dylan is regarded as one of the greatest writers. But his he don't got the best records. No. Everybody else who does his songs in after him. Oh You know what That's Bill the greatest writer of all time though. And And I think that's where as when we talk. So that's why I'm saying with Cube. So I get it. I get it from Mc. 'cause you are like a a a I'm a purist a Paramount mc like you are. That is your shit. You lead with MCing. Yeah. But because of our business, our job is still to make records that The World enjoyed. Yeah. Yeah. The World That And I think q who started his career very much like a top tier mc without a ton of like You know he ain't like us.


We have the benefit of Ice Cube. Jay-Z Tupac. Yeah. Scarfing. We got hundreds of rappers. By the time me and you start rapping there's hundreds of guys we could take from Fuck up some. Yeah. If you in 87, shit it is Mely male LA It's about 10 people. Oh You know what I'm saying? Like how do you form a style? Like still in them era. Yeah. Yeah. How do you form a style? Right. You was listening to the the blo, the what's his name And You know what made me think of think of Homeboy from like from Compton Paramount. And the girl you was dating at at the time, she was like, he sound like a pawpaw. Oh yeah. What was his name? I forgot. He was cool Though.


Yeah he was cool. But think about it, if if you came in cute like like Snoop, like like Snoop still q they all them dudes born between 68 and 73. They didn't have no rappers to really look up to. I hear you. They might have had seven guys. Yeah. Yeah. They probably heard Melly Mel and was blown away. Wasn't like listen to this Mely male, that Melly male guy is incredible excuse. He was in front of Scarface. He before Scarface. Mel Mel Is 1970. No I'm saying Cubans before Scarface. Yeah. They about the same. Yeah, they about the same bro. They about the same. I'd be willing to be At same time at NWA Right about the same time. Yeah.


Alright. Like, like, like that's the crazy part still. Like when you was 15 in 85, who did you look up to? I looked, who was the dopest? Kane wasn't out in 85. You're a damn lie Kane was out in 85. No he wasn't. See I'm gonna tell you right now, we ain't no half stepping. He wasn't out in 85. I mean Steel was 15 right around Lionel Richie's first album, right? Hell no. You can't think that. Damn. That's probably about closer to the same thing. The Commodore is in the seventies. Lot of Richie ain't to the eighties. Still in the seventies. It's the seventies. Sixties baby sixties baby. No, no still. Okay. Big Daddy came begin his career in 1986.


So I was 16. So I said who did you look up to? That's why I specifically named the year because I know when Kane, I know when Rock came out, when When did LL Cool J Break 84 And he And I probably I for sure was looking up to L Cool J around that time. LL was the hardest thing you heard in 1985. He was, he was the hardest. He only one year. Yeah. Yeah. No, but I like, but Ell had a little bit more twain to him than Melly male. I didn't like white lines and all that. When S Slick Rick, like I didn't understand that song S Slick, slick. Rick was talking about 86, 87. Yeah they all about, so Run DMC 83 didn't, I didn't really start getting Heroes and Rap Dogg till about like the cold chilling era to like cool.


She rap all that's, that's yeah that's, that's your boy. That's Molly Mall. So you leaned in into Beastie Boys. They done have Beastie Boys. I boys too. Messing with the Beastie Boys was hard. So No, but I'm, but if you think about it, that's my point. So like we had all these MCs to kind of really learn from and coined. Yeah, it's, we had, we had little one off people like was still brand new. Just hear it was so new you would hear like a random dude. That'd be hard. Right? Like we had a rapper in Cleveland named Coach. She, he was around Melly, Mels time. I think Coach she is better than Melly Mel, but he just never went nowhere. So again, like if you think about it, right? The Sugar Hill song is his 79.


When's third base? That's nineties. Third base is nineties. Yeah, that's like late eighties, early nineties maybe. Okay. No, because if you think of 85, right? You only have L lls Def Jams first signing. So that's, that came out in 84. Radio comes out in 84, which is dope 'cause he just dropped the album 40 years later this year. Right. Then you had, before that you had Melly Male, that's Grandmaster five and the Yo Grandmaster Flash and the Fierce five male was like 83. So he was around mo d was a part of the Treacherous three. But they wasn't really tripping off Mo, they didn't really respect the Fat Boys the correct way to me. They just didn't, they didn't look up to rappers how we did where we could hear and be like, yeah, yeah.


Like I could love a Scarface even before I wanted to be a rapper or a Cuba or Snoop or Dre or we had a thousand of them. They didn't have nobody but six people. Yeah, yeah. Well I will say this, the Fat Boys though, before they start making the movies and stuff, fat Boys are sad. They album was banging in the hood dog with in jail without the bail and all that. Yeah. But you didn't wanna be the fat boys man who wanted to be the You. know what, but they was hard. Don You. know what I'm saying? So that's the point I'm saying it's like we, so like when I, back to the point when I look at somebody like Cube, I look at that differently. Like I get what you're saying because his style did change, but I think it evolved into a better place as a songwriter.


Like he, he evolved to last because Yeah. Yeah. Like when, when, when Q first came, bro, like hip hop wasn't really top in the charts consistently. Yeah. Like You know Will Smith and them. Ja, Jeff and Prince did well. LL kind of did well sometimes there was a couple people, hammer did well, but Hip Hop didn't have a mainstay on the chart. So if you was just a dope hip hop act, the streets just had to like you when it worked out. You know what I mean? Like mo DI mean, excuse me, Kane or Rod, them dudes didn't have no bunch of top 20, top 10 songs and none of that. Them dudes, nwa the same thing. They didn't have no top 20, top 10 songs in the country. Bro, I'm gonna tell you this, the Fat Boys bro, Were probably just Not, not, not to just cut you off G, but the Fat Boys was probably just as important as Run dmc.


Yes. As far as Breaking Hips to mainstream. Yeah. Them dudes had a gold album in 1984. Dog at three in at three Gold albums. That's Yeah. On on an independent label though, bro. Yeah. What I'm saying, I keep telling y'all y'all shame y'all. Y'all how y'all, what's funny is I looked up to the Fat, fat Boys because I was a kid. Young Mc is what? Early Nineties. Early nineties. Yeah. Telling local early Nineties Love You know looked up to the Fat Boys. Yeah. I looked up to the Fat Boys until they started going commercial. I don't like nobody that want the commercial dog. As soon as they start doing the Taco Bell commercials and doing all this and that and doing, Soon they start getting a check. They Start making, Soon as they start getting a check weak They Get, I understand it better now, but back then it was so now, now that, now that you've got sponsorships on deck, now you understand it.


I understand it now. You know now that you don't wanna lose Coca-Cola and Budweiser. Now you understand out the last pod, oh this three, this was 24 hours ago. You was was like sell Out. You was that nigga Taco. Go make this orderly. You was that nigga in college. You went to the NFL and got some bread. You suck now Man. Just think about this though. Do the Fat Voice is hard. And I'm gonna tell you, what's the homie that got the song with cocaine now that dude still spitting. Oh cool. Rock ski. Yeah, cool. Rock ski is still hard though. This song he got with cocaine is hard. He on their busting Fat Boys was hard. I used to love the Fat but I was a kid. Yeah, yeah. But again, I fought with him when I was a kid.


The the Better Marketable acts I noticed y'all didn't like, and it, and it's not, I didn't think y'all thought they were talented. You felt it was a gimmick. So I could see how Yeah. Yeah. If you looked at this orderlies, like I loved it. I'm seven the Movie. Yeah. Oh that movie was crazy. That movie was crazy. But I would imagine if you're the age You know You know what this orderlies was like. I think Disorderlies is what inspired the movie Baps. Yeah. Yeah. This orderlies is fire, bro. His orderlies is crazy. Yeah, But they, it didn't hit them that it could be cool until House. Because I was watching that shit as a kid too. Me Too. It was like the Fat Boys was great. That was it. But okay, the point, lemme get back to point. So again, like I'm saying, so my point to say with Cuban him, they didn't have no, so he came in the game competing with what was in the game at the time.


Yeah. Right. I feel he came in, it really wasn't much there. So he competed with that. I feel you. But what happened was during his reign, right? Because it's fair to say Cube is the MVP of hip hop in 1990 and 1991 For sure. But guess what happened in 1992, Snoop Dogg happy and Snoop became this And I always say this, I say on the Bres Club, now the conversation is spread And I. See a lot of people see it. I was, I was listening to Doggy Style in the gym today. I, I It's it's it's a top five hip hop album. Yeah. By far You know it's top five. It's incredible. It's better than the chronic. Yeah. Yeah. It's better than Yeah. It's not as rich. It's just greater. Yeah. It's fun. But okay, so, but Dog happens.


Right? And mind you dog writes to Chronic too, but Dog Happens. Right. And then Dog becomes this thing that really never happened now, never happened before. Now G Thing is number two in the country. Yeah. Yeah. Like why is this song where these dudes is talking crazy? The number two song out of all records. Yeah. And then Dre Day comes out, this is a Distant Easy, it's number four in the country. And then Let Me Ride Drops. Right. Shout out to to to Steel. Steel Man Best song on the album X wrote So before That song on the album. Yeah. Right. Then Little G Little Ghetto Boys is Top 40. So like you have one album that has four top 40 songs.


This ain't even his album. He just wrote it. Right. And then guess what? He comes back with Doggy Stab. It's four songs on on there that are top, top 40 songs. They're top 10 songs. Hip Hop now is competing with the best at it's competing with with music. Michael Jackson. Yeah. Yeah. You know he got the biggest songs. Yeah. And Cube is watching this happen. He go from being this dope mc and writing these songs and they don't have to be huge chart top and smashes. They just the culture. Hmm. And then he looking at do and them and he like what the fuck is like what is happening? And then, right. So this happens and then they come back. They got the, the Now Biggie is happening now Biggie got top 10 songs.


The remix to One More Chance and Big Pop and, and all of, so now there's a hip hop, right. There's a hip hop that's Wu-Tang where it's like these are the biggest hip hop songs and the urban songs. Then you got hiphop competing with commercial Michael Jackson. Yeah. Commercial smashes without selling out You know because I'm gonna tell you it was unapologetic gangster rap. Do And I think because we didn't like Sell out without selling out. Yeah. So it was, it was music that was so hard. They didn't sell out though. Dog. I hate, that's why I didn't like Hammers before. Before. But Hammer didn't sell out. That's just Hammer's entertainment. But I get what you're saying, but lemme make my point. So now you have hip hop like Cream, you got Illmatic and these songs are doing well at the highest level of black music.


But now you got these other, these other stuff that's competing with every song. Mind you, Cuba already been in the game as a top mc for seven years. Man. He had already been in the game Right. For seven years as a top mc and then PAC's happening. He's like, these guys are, I have to become better. Where, where do Better, where, where do I land? Songwriter G You think it's fair At that time there hadn't really been like the, like the sound cycle over time hadn't eclipsed 12 o'clock a second time yet to where there was like two point ohs You. know what I mean? Sure. Like to where you could say, oh this, this has a vibe that throws back to whatever. It sounds like a everything was new over new.


Yeah. So that's what you're kind of finding the evolutionary clock and and then a few years after that, 'cause even at that point, that was right after Snoop's No Limit sound came out which was different than his previous sound You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But that, but but let's back up before we get to 98 or You. know what I mean? Or 97. Let's just stay in that window of 92. December 92, the chronic to 96. This is what Cube. So mind you Cube in 92, he had already been the MVP for two years. 90 in 91. He was a part of what became at that time the the greatest group in hip hop to some degree. If you wouldn't say run DMC, you say NWA for sure is the greatest West coast rap group.


Right? So you 87 you wrote a, a big impactful cultural record. Boys in the Hood for Eazy-E that's in 87. And then 92 you are Supreme. This is what the top looks like. I got a side note real quick. Right. Since you mentioned Eazy-E Right? But then Dog Happens. Yeah. That's the same thing happened to Icet. Icet told me that. He said man, I hit the Pinnacle. I was selling the same records LL was selling. He said, so I started to make rock because it felt like I hit the ceiling. And guess who comes and And lifts the ceiling. Yeah. Snoop lifts the ceiling and the ceiling has been there the whole time Sense. Yeah. You just touch it or you don't. Yeah. Your side effects. What was your side note Still I'm still might be biased.


Bone Thugs in Harmony. Top five rap group. Oh for sure. Especially the earlier works. Because you gotta remember at that time they came with something that was so new bro. Still, how many Are in your top five? I, I believe I say, I say for sure top 10. I'm not sure about top five. Listen, I dunno if they're top five group of all time. I think they were probably one of the more original groups though. Dog. They Top Who sound came out first. Like, like did did they come out before that Chicago sound or did they just get big before the do or dies of The? World and the, well, To me they were different from Chicago's. They had the melody in the dude. It was like, well even though you, it wasn't the melody. The Midwest always had Melody. They had Harmony.


They was like the Beach Boys. They had Harmony though. Dog Pound Top five. No, no, no. Bone is Top five Dog Pound no Outkast. Yes. Top five is probably gonna be Wu-Tang. The Locks. No the Locks isn't top five. No, no. Bob D Locks ain't top five in New York for For groups. Rap groups. We're they talking groups? Nah, not New York, Bro. You crazy. I'm not, I'm not going Locks over. Locks are one of my favorite and they my era. But I'm not going Locks over Run. I'm not goings over Wu-Tang. I'm not going locks over. I'm not going locks over Fat Boys. I'm not going locks over Tribe You. know what I mean? And I'm not going locks.


What's that? That's five right there. My So so the bone in there Wu-Tang. Yeah. In in the top five of all time. Yeah. Bone Thugs is the greatest group outta the Midwest. Hell yeah. Okay. Outkast is the greatest group out the south. South Bone is the greatest group out the Midwest. NWA is the greatest group out the West Ghetto Boys. Wu-Tang is the greatest group out the East Ghetto Boys. I'm gonna go Outkast over Ghetto Boys. Okay. Yeah. I I, I'll I'll, I agree. UGK Over UGK too. Outkast is dope. They they apply. No Outkast belongs. I'm just saying like, oh wait, Hold On. I started looking at it when I started looking at it. I didn't know if there was like top five. I believe they, they're in the Top 10. They hold on. Pimp C made it abundantly clear in that interview that Atlanta is in the Eastern standard time and that they're not the south.


That Is true. He did say that. So could we could have that conversation. Atlanta is not the South. No. So what your watch say Eastern Standard Time, what Your watch say when you said the time change, don't it? Ah, that was my man, man Free. That's, that was my man bro. He the first one to ever showed me love. So yeah. So I look at Cube, right? So Cube had been in the game. Remember CU is the second GNMC. So like he had been in the game before that. But to watch the third generation come and raise the ceiling. Yeah. Yeah. And Then, and then get involved. He raised And be a part of it. Think about it.


Rakim didn't raise his game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Kane didn't raise his game. G Rapp didn't raise his game. Yeah. Yeah. The only guys from those first two generations that raised their game ll Ice Cube. Ice Cube. Fresh Prince. Okay. He raised his game. Okay. Somebody else too that I'm not thinking too short. I wouldn't say that you, you think he raised his game dog? Hell yeah. He became an incredible artist where he was making smash hit records doing his hooks. Damn. That's crazy for mc that I can't even imagine me being on a number 10 record and I'm doing my hook. That argument. You talking about Ice or ll Huh?


You Talking about Cube or LL Cube? Yeah. C had, Because at the same time ll had that had a whole different sound though. Kind like love songy type like I mean his stuff was like he made That it didn't Make Love song but his whole career Did. Well no, that was was Knew Hill lost me Man Crush because I'm like Yo Hill when he crushing people. But that was the second album. Yeah. But He's talking about when he started doing records with Pharrell and Boys to Men and all that. Oh He raised His game. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like LL was love songs. He didn't switch it up. Yeah, He started it. Yeah. Yeah. Like the sound other than that one. But like him, he had Knock You Out and then he is got like more, What's crazy is that's third. That's third even. Even Knock that's fourth. LL Cool J even Knock You Out is I'm bad.


And what's crazy is that's true. And what's crazy is that was the rebirth of What's Your boy Who, who created Sample in a way we knew it Kanye, that was Ma came and did that LL album with Knock You Out and Round Away Girl. That was a big moment for Ma. That's MA's biggest album. Ballie Mall who came out in mid eighties, round away, crazy producing all that stuff where he just had the heavy D records and the cultural records came and produced Smash Hit Records. Yeah. So again, the point I'm saying still like when that third group of MCs came around, they raised the ceiling round The Away Girl was nuts. Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you. Y'all sleeping on too. I'm gonna tell you who was a record record making motherfucker back then.


Heavy D was hard, but he was dope the first day. Yeah. What I'm saying out out the gate, he was dope. Yeah. But but again, I agree. But that's the point of what we saying about Cube, where Cube wasn't what Heavy D was. He became what he needed to become to compete against third and fourth generation cncs. And that's crazy. Like he, oh, Snoop wasn't just finna have a space at the number one hits. Guess what? He doubled back. Start dropping hits. He figured out whatever it took as a songwriter, as a record maker. So instead like just making art or art that he fucked with, he believed in he, he was a competitor that figured out how to compete all the time in, in the arena that he was existing all the Time. Sure. And he wasn't let you Get away. I could fuck with that PE People like I've heard that. I Could fuck with that.


I heard Pac even say in the interview, he is like, man Cube You know. Cube You know. He wasn't tripping like this. You took some of his staff. Yeah. You done had no choice but to come in and take Cube style. If you came in this business in 90, 91, 92 and you were trying to talk tough, that was the centerpiece of talking tough. Hell yeah. So everybody took him Scarface and Cube You. know what I'm saying? That was the thing. So that is part of the game. Like I think 40 is brilliant at that 40. Another one that look at what's happening and then he like position himself with his own style to make it happen. Like how it's happening.


High Five Casino, high five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited, play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High five Casino


moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What's up? It's me, Don, Toliver. If I could describe the OS ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it just very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


You've almost certainly been prescribed a medication before, but did you understand how it worked? The way your medication works in your body shouldn't be a mystery. Learn how Vyvgart, tlo, efgartigimod Alpha and Hyaluronidase QV ffc works by visiting vyvgart.com/moa. That's V-Y-V-G-A-R t.com/mo A brought to you by Argen X.


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando, just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world-class theme parks followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots or Orlando has all that. And much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible. If you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


I just feel like with 40 the change isn't that drastic. Like it makes sense. Like he's, he adjusts to like what's happening You know what I'm saying? Like he finds a way to be himself inside of what's going on. Where like Cube to some degree became a different character. Well I, I don't know if I, 'cause I still think it was the same version of a South Central rapper, but I think it stopped being focused as much as what I'm saying, as much as how I'm saying it. Saying it. How I'm saying is where he, his gang really elevated And I. Think how, which, go ahead G I'm sorry. I I think how he's saying it is why his records got better. He started to know how to say it. That that would make us all be like, say it with him.


I did, I did fuck with Push ROMs like weight though. Yeah. All I mean if you think, 'cause we talking about that version of Cube is 96. Is that Bow down? Yeah. Rough. It's fair to say Bow down. Yeah. Right. And then so Bow Down became like this. They got Smash records on here. Bow Down is a huge record. Bow Down's Crazy Man. Right? This is him on the hook. Gangsters make The World go Around. They think about how rare that is them. There's no singing on these hooks. Mm. And those Songs, I mean like, because that was around The same time as West Side Connection, right? Oh, that's Him. No production Don't Bow Down. No, that's, that's Butter. That's Butter and Cube Together. Which Cube don't get no credit. 'cause mind you Cube produced Mac Ten's first hit record Full Life. He co-produced a lot of the songs.


Alright, so again, his record Roddy, and that's what I'm saying, like, I'm not trying to say I don't see his change as mc, but where I do see less or the focus as far as how we see MCN being the writer. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I see the growth as a record writer. I, I got you And it, you can't do nothing but really respect it. Like Yeah. Yeah. Because Snoop came and changed the game right from under still in them head. Everything before that was Rakim, Rakim, MKE, that's it. Rakim, mc aq, Snoop came everybody. Huh? I wish Bobcat would tell I was here to tell this story, man. He told me about how he was excited because Michael Jackson had called them to come in the studio, him and Ell, right? And he said he went in there, ELL was doing a record man.


And he was in that like, I need love mode. And he said that Michael Jackson man was sitting behind a thing and was like, You know looking at a rep. And he just turned down. He says, no, that's not what I want. I want Mama say knock you out, man. He said, not that soft shit. He said Michael Jackson said just like that not soft shit. He said it, it'll go back in there. Tip, tip, tip, tip. And Mike's like, oh that's, let's just try it another day. And I used to see Michael being like, You know he was mad then Bob said he was gonna leave, right? But he was hanging out. He went out in the thing and he saw Heavy D pull up in that and he said Heavy D went in that motherfucker and Right. And Mike said, Hey, if I want you to give it to me, give it to me raw and hard.


He said, that Booth, there's a sound clip. He said Heavy D winning the booth and went Jam Jam. Here comes the man. And Mike was in there going crazy turned up. He said man, he called He man that shit over with. You ain't gonna get on that song though. That's cool. LL had a better, bigger than death though. LL Bad was better than Michael Jackson Bad. So, Eh, fuck it. I'm bad. It's crazy. Yeah. How about that? Yeah, you don't like that at all. LL Cool J Bad is better than Michael Jackson's bad. No it ain't, no. Not even close. Michael Jackson. I mean hell is hard. But Michael Jackson is a worldwide lock you up. This shit is Boo For too long.


You doing wrong. You know. You know. That's all corny as hell man. Heavy D was hard and You know Prince was supposed to You know Prince was supposed to do that. It was supposed to be a collab bad was supposed to be a, a collab with him and Prince. Amen. And Prince told the story and Prince was like, he read the first line, yo butt is mine. He said, who's gonna say that? Who's gonna say that? To who? Yeah. Bad was ll cool. J's bad was better than Michael Jackson's bad and make it last Forever by Keith. Sweat is better than Michael Jackson's bad. Hey, if Prince, if Prince and Michael Jackson would've did bad together, light-skinned niggas would not be able to breathe to this day.


It'd be a wrap. It'd be on. So yeah. Nah, I I respect, I respect what I respect Cubes, bro. Like the more I see it, yeah. Fuck And, I get fuck. Like when I, when I clock it in real time, And I, I see like you come out and you on top of The World you the man because Chuck D was the pinnacle. So everybody looked at Chuck, public Enemy was killing You. know what I'm saying? And it was like they was, they was still hard and still had commercial appeal. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? So it, that's, that's the highest you had to rise to T and it was doing they thing that was the highest you had to rise to. So for him to write from that NWA stuff. So then like his own solo stuff? Yeah. And then like, like you said, co-produce however much he did for Mac Ten's first album, west Side Connection.


Then do ah, yeah, I, I could let it go and think Like Around the, He was in the studio doing those type of songs. Sounded very different than like West Side Connection. And he was like, that's about the same time. Yeah, More like Artistic schizophrenic. That's You know what I mean? Personal. You, you never heard no album. You said what? You Ever hear Heavy D? Of course. Which one? Listen to Blue Funk. Did you ever really listen to Blue Funk? Blue Fun was probably Heavy D's Best album dog. Okay. I I was a huge heavy D fan. But I'm surprised y'all like him still. Y'all usually don't never like, y'all usually don't like people that was making money at the time.


Somebody was making money. Y'all was calling him a cell out in early hip hop. Y'all was like, y'all didn't like LA enough. They thought LL was corny. They thought Hammer was corny. They probably like hard. I like when Ell was dissing niggas when he was dissing nice money his life away. He doing it when he was starting The problem that got him killed. That's my, that's my ice tea. I like that L la Yeah. Put Yourself in Way that way you could Blow. Blow. That's a real man. Was What was that he you Blo Stevie Delicious.


What the hell is that? No songwriting You know itg. That my Line TV Delicious got him good. Good Lord. What song is that? That that shit was crazy Petty Girl. That's that's Girl. Huh? That was on Biggie's on on the on the Flavoring. Your Ear Crave Mac song. Yeah, that's right. Lemme see something man. Hate Is crazy. Crazy. The hate is so crazy when you making money. Remember Like Fatty Girl was a real song. Who? Fatty Girl. I love that song. Remember During the, what was that Violator days Or something? Yeah, I like those. I listen, I love That's where Vibe, that's where Vibrant Thing came from.


Yeah, I like that too. Yeah. Vibrant Thing is crazy. Qtip Is crazy. People man, that song who had a Renaissance vibrant thing? And I. Actually think that song was was QT did most of the LA's lls new album right? Yeah. The whole thing. Yeah. That Shit fired. That shit fired bro. Yeah. Some good shit on there. 40 years. Yeah. Yeah. That nigga MCing Steel and what's crazy is to me that's a perfect example. He like, I ain't tripping off the record rider. I'm finna just get busy. Yeah, yeah. Do what I do. Like he really brought his hat like he got with m like I was like oh, 40 years in you getting with fourth generation MCs, fifth generation. It's some good songs on there. Yeah. I like it. I think that shit is dope. I, I'm, I done probably listen to it about six, seven times. I ain't heard a album that's that well put together in a long time.


Like I, I like the Gorilla album a lot and but it ain't, it ain't strung together. It's just a collection of cool songs. Songs. Okay. But That, that ll record the force that's orchestrated. They got busy. That thing got a great sound. Yeah. Yeah. Still. What was it with y'all man? Why did y why, why did y'all, why is it y'all, y'all hated anybody that was successful. No, it's not that we just didn't like sell out hip hop. How is it sell out because it was selling out. Well man, I, I appreciate it.


You shit is whack. I was reading this, I was reading this thing about like the hist some of the history of music and the goal for music period is to sell out. Like in the beginning you want to sell out a sheet music, then you want to sell out a venue. Yeah. So if you selling out like the, the point is to sell out of a product. Of Course but, but if they didn't like it, I get my feeling. I don't, I don't get it. They Was like this hammer shit Like it women Dancing in a club. How Dare him dare make people have A good time. How dare you let people have fun? You did. You see dancing is always supposed to happen to the church.


Hey still Play that. Hey you finna get my string. What you doing? Hey still you was dancing, you was dancing with chicks? The dis records. Man I didn't dance everybody, I just, I just sat on the wall And, I just star at everybody to the record come out. Then I just start staying around, sit back, deal like this. You know just kicked it nigga just do whole bunch of dancing. Oh Man. Oh y'all was a horrible generation. That was, That's like when I was much as much as I'm acee and like rap was Luke come on when I was gonna to parties bro, I did not wanna be a cipher on.


I did not wanna be in a cipher at the party. That shit. Nah, You do not wanna be in a cipher where the hose is at bro. Nope. That's crazy. No way. Still To be like fuck the hose that's back in the air. The nigga to dance against each other any holes and the music popping. Niggas like watch out. They put the cardboard down. What? Get These holes outta here Like this catch like a break. Bitch foot to the face. Paul Combat dude combat. They start balling the girl sitting right there just looking like Uncle Luke came. And. I know y'all so mad at Uncle Luke.


Well You know what Uncle Luke, we kinda liked that dog because the girls used do crazy stuff. Uncle Luke came on. Oh y'all what's so bad y'all dance their about niggas. That's Classic. Oh man. Man I remember they used play game for s in the clubs and people would dance for that. I bet you they did. Yeah. Was sitting next To at the bar like You know. I'm Glad I came around town. It was cool to be. Yeah it was cool to be quiet. It was cool to have fun. It Was cool to have fun. It was cool to like girls man. Yeah. Stealing them was mad. They was like fuck that. Watch out girl. I'm battle this man.


Watch out girl. Like You know what though? I wasn't mad at met the man when he did you all watch man. He was Business. They had a real party. They had a real party like watch out girls, y'all get on the wall. Let handle my business with this nigga. Because the girl in that song video was like sitting in an alley against a brick wall. Like with her head Down. We would dance and Big Daddy came horrible. Like ain't no half step. We would dance to that. Oh man we just two, two step niggas. Hammer, come on Don. They like, oh fuck this. I You know what Marie to soon was so cool and over there making that money. Oh Man.


Hey still was it, was it Georgetown Starter jackets or it was after that Man. For which one? For which on high High school. High school. No. You know what we used to wear the Triple Goose. We used to like the triple fat gooses. That's yeah, he from, he from Cleveland. So You know they thought they was New York. Oh like the bubble jackets? Yeah. Yeah. Like the big bubble jackets. We had those right there. We was cold out there. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We Would 40 ounces. We would ounces. You weren't doing nothing out there and you Had one go too for your mouth. Everybody would buy a go too from liquor store, put it right there and had just like this. We had one gold tooth just Ply with windows. Everybody was very on New York's tip kinda like Yeah.


In Cleveland, huh? And then the West coast came out. Then everybody started thinking they was from California. When Colors came out, everybody started talking about they, they had a Crip game Colors. When, when Let Me Ride came out, did everybody in Cleveland decide now's the time to buy a car? We've been at Car Cleveland always was a car. I'm Just talking shit bro. Man Fucking still man. Y'all, I don't know what y'all problem. So yeah, I'm I'm proud of Q's journey though bro. I think yeah, I I'm, our journey was, that's really to me the testament to how great of a true hip hop artist he is. Even as a he start fighting Tupac. I just let you He didn't start that bro.


How smart He's yeah. As a human to like be able to digest and process what's in front of him and then It's hard to compete bro. And then plug himself in About, it's crazy. Still in Rakim didn't he didn't transition outta the second gen. Yeah, He never did. A lot of them didn't. Yeah, Kane didn't. Most those guys didn't. KRS one didn't. Like None of them dudes did. Only one that came out was Cuba. Cuban ll that's it. Yeah. Elli before them. Yeah. L is before Kane. L is before G Rap. Elli before Rock. L is 84 as a little dude l what's crazy is L and and and and and and he, he one year older than Jay-Z ll Yeah.


One year. That's crazy. Yeah. That's super crazy. Yeah, It came out like 16. Did he get signed at 16 or something like that? Yeah. Crazy. He's like the Lil Wayne of Queens. He's really like how they say Nas is the golden child? LL is the real golden child. Yeah, he's the real one. You know. I mean he might be the most underrated. Lift def Jam over his head made it work man. Gimme think about it. That's almost, he came out 12 years before Jay. He's a year older than Jay. So he had 12 years of records before Jay got. Yeah. And couldn't clock a billion. Come on man. That's why I don't be believing none of that stuff man. Because all that stuff is fluff. Ella is the guy man. What y'all, what y'all think missionary gonna sound like?


Oh this Drea Snoop record It can't be bad ain't missionary. Yeah You know how y'all get to them ages. Where y'all start just coming up with ideas and don't know Ain't ain't no glasses. They gonna do that on a thing with them marching with a nun or something? No, they're saying missionary like doggy style. Oh like laying on top the missionary like On your back instead of on your knees as A woman. You know how you get older. You know how you see with your old lady now y'all all just doing missionary. What? Still thought Love how you thought It was a church. Everything At Thought it was for the tort.


Y'all just get old and really crazy. All the shows in San Juan Capo because They moved to Yeah they moved to San Fernando or some shit. They gonna do it. They gonna be out there and shit. The Bible missionary stupid. Oh That's my, that's my, this is my ticket in. I could, I could come in on the mc named NC Apparel. Sarah. That's funny. Still you okay. It's missionary because it's like doggy style dog like You know doggy style that don't make no damn sense. Another another ex. He's 60 years old. They need to call that shit Viagra not missionary. That old. It crippled with Blue pill. Blue not the blue rag.


If Dre gonna put it out, it can't be bad. Yeah, yeah. Now is it gonna be something that's going to all, all I wanted to do is compete with LL Cool J and Q-tip. That's it. Okay. You know what I mean? I just want it to be that good as a project. Well if this anything like that Compton now I don't know. Stop hating bro. We already agreed The Compton album, Compton album, the Compton album don't count. That's a soundtrack. I forgot it happened. Them two together. Long as it's as dope as the LL Cool JQ Q-tip album. The Nas, the Nas Hit Boy album. The Common P Rock album.


That's all I'm expecting. Yeah. That common, That common P Rock album. That shit's solid. That's all I'm expect. That's all I want. That Shit's solid for it to be successful, it just need to do 20 to 30001st week. That's it. That's all I'm asking. That's it. That's all you. How could you ask? Probably more than that. 34 years. I said first week been in the business 34 years. I Just feel like aligning it, aligning it with doggy style is like, it's just a lot. I mean that's why they call it missionary. They, they wasn't smart. Smart enough about to call it doggy style too. I, I think E 40 can make in a major way too. I think it'll matter. But I think dog where Dog and Dre being bro is they so past anything.


Like what are we really thinking? Are they gonna make a gin like a a, a modern day Gin and juice? Probably not. It's it's not gonna fuck up nothing. Yeah. Long as they, long as it's dope. Like long as it's listenable you like man it's put together really well. They take they time and and get a nice cohesive thing and you put the original suspects on it. Corrupt on there Dad. Oh Eric Sermon got his song on the album. See? Ain't Be Wrong with Jeter. How how Did that happen? How did Eric Sermon become an East Coast funk nigga? He's the original. He's the original UBS called EPMD was big on the West. Yeah, but like how did he become Said he on the album. I hope he took his he on there wrong on there.


Why is, why not? Why would You know? I I think that was kind of before there was like he, he kind of preexisted a lot of those categories. Just, just doing what he liked. Yeah. Well he fucked it. That's fair. Sting is on the album method. Man is on the album. I think if E 40 does another album, he should change his name to E 60. No, he probably shouldn't. He should probably do another Jesus Christ. I wanna be saved. I saved, I wanna be saved. That's what he should do that over again. All I'm saying is I, I just back to the point man. I I just think Cube's journey is dope bro. I just think yeah, I where a lot of people see where a lot of people see the back end, the adjustments to compete.


They people like, oh that ain't quite what you used to do. To still be at that and lead level of competing with where that generation was at. Yeah. Yeah. That says a Lot. Yeah. I mess with that You. know what I mean? That says a lot Dog. That's a, that's a solid perspective. I respect Chris As a guy. I would love to have him on here 'cause I want because he, he's a dude who's done a lot of stuff in different areas that was not fully like independent but like largely in like his cinematic stuff. Basketball club that you talking about. So Master, yay. Yay we be clubbing. We right now niggas how to act Stack Niggas dumber take my order.


No water doing shit. Don think You know Lon back in party nigga back in so we can smoke a dub down to Bump all these bitches in the club. Show me love You know what actually Ice You know actually Ice Cube didn't forget how he was saying. Well he was saying but it was how he was saying that that made people feel listen that's why some, it wasn't like they was having a show. Here's the crazy thing. Where was I flying to Salt Lake somewhere?


This wasn't even that long ago. I was flying somewhere and it was a white lady. No I was flying back from somewhere and it was a white lady. It was a concert with Ice Cube and she was flying into town New Mexico and she was flying into town to see the Ice Cube concert. Yeah, I believe you. And she was so pumped up in rapping those songs. And I knew that she could rap those songs because how he said it, that's why he got bigger. 'cause everybody could catch what he was saying. See in America's most, there's what they couldn't catch that. That's no rhythm. It ain't no melody. It's just drum to drum. That's today was a work day was such a big song for him. That's a bar. The only shark that swim, he and no water.


Yeah that's a bar. The nigga is tough man. That nigga is, and he figured it out as a songwriter how to make everything he was saying catchy. If you rap gangs just made The World go round. He's saying some shit. He's just making it and compacting it to where it's catchy. And now it ain't just about, I'm saying something hard but I'm saying something. Everybody knows what I'm saying Down. Show a nigga around least take a nigga to the y'all in for the night. Hell bro. Hell no. And remember that's for a movie he's making. Yeah. Yeah. He makes the title track for a film and it's a top 30 song in a country he's on the course rappers ain't on the chorus, on they biggest smash records.


That's not normal. I mean you gotta be a really good songwriter record writer to be on. Listen Cube is on his biggest record. What about if you write it, if you write the chorus, imagine that because like Dogg right do his biggest record is drop it like it's hot. But that's for real, right? That's him saying it. Which he had a voice. Jay-Z not on none of his biggest records, his top chart, top charting song. Dre not on the hook on his top charting songs. It ain't even no hook on it. Think about it's hard to be on the hook of your top charting songs. Like that's the true mark of a great record maker and Cube is writing this shit and saying it.


That's incredible. Honestly, what probably is Like the main secret ingredient for Drake's success That he's on. He could be on the course Lil Wayne. That's gonna make him a fantastic mc. He could be on the course. Yeah, like it's hard to have that catchy voice to go with that dope mc like that. Don't that's a real, yeah. Yeah. You know tough music. Somebody singing LL Cool J You. know what I mean? Like people gonna be on speaking in album. Qui, what's the name of your new album? Grateful. I just told you You didn't remember it? Grateful. Grateful. I don't know if he was even here yet. Oh he was here. Oh, grateful. How many joints you got on there? I wanna say 12, 13, something like that.


12. Any any features on there? Of course. Still wanna be a Of course Donny Simpson was so bad last on there. It sound like Donnie Simpson. Do how many, how many new cuts you got on your new album? Is It On there? Glasses is on there. We got a song called Steve Francis on there. It's crazy. Steve Francis. Steve Francis. That's the name of the song bro. Fran franchise. Stephen Francis for somebody your age. Steven Francis, gee, C Can we Steven Francis, like You know on the like the for the pop there's like the description of the thing. Can we like link link it in that for the Yeah, yeah for sure. We'll do that for sure. Oh cool. Nah, for sure, for sure. But still, still wanna be Donnie Simpson.


So baby when sit down. So yeah, what was your inspiration in making this album? Nigga don't wanna hear that on all that. Hey, did y'all hear about that shit that happened to Bur Fox? They killed all them people. Who in Africa? Alqaeda. They've been doing that for 20 years. I gotta keep more specific. Still in Burkina Fox. They just killed 600 people. 600 people just got slaughtered. Oh yeah. It's Crazy. I think The World is about to end, bro. That's been a big issue. Like I've known people like who go over there because like as a conversion You know they kind of forceful the conversion in that faith. Like throughout Africa. They go and will seize access to water and say, well we're gonna hold, we're gonna keep water from you guys if you don't convert to Islam and stuff like that goes Across Africa like gang man.


It sound like much gang bang. No ceiling. Good. Looking out for tuning into the No podcast. Please do us a favor and subscribe. Rate, comment and share. This episode was recorded right here on the west coast of the USA and produced by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. Yeah.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary board book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


If you are ready for an epic family vacation, there's no better place than Sunny Orlando. Exciting thrills, never ending food festivals, fresh new dining experiences, outdoor adventures in Florida's natural springs and so much more. Orlando has it all. And visit Orlando's vacation Planners can help you plan the perfect trip in Orlando. Anything is possible if you can imagine it, and that's what makes Orlando unbelievably real. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com.


Starbucks iced apple crisp oat milk, shaken espresso made with blonde espresso, creamy oat milk, and spiced apple flavors. It's nice crisp sip. You can enjoy all autumn long. Order ahead on the Starbucks app.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary and support a greener tomorrow. Breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking joma wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.