
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you. And for cars, Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose. Open aboard or stylish. The color It looks almost Like. A earring I Feel Like It could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels Like. A holiday I. Wanna look Like It too. Check out boz.com for more.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And Like. What's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi I AM Eva And. Hi, I am Ma te Mr Ko. Our podcast, hungry for History is Back And. This season we're taking an even bigger bite out of the most delicious food And its history saying That. The most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. Oh And, the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm NK And. This is Basket case. What is Wrong with Me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress. I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care Oh, Look If. you gimme Therapy Girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Sheddy And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And raw interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


We gotta do a mic check. Big Glow. What do You do? How are you man? I'm great. How are you? I'm blessed. Black And, highly favored. you know, before I do these conversations, I Like, to set an intention. So my intention for this conversation is for people to listen to this interview, And, then go listen to your music with a different ear so they can recognize the anointing That God has on Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods' Life You know came in. That's the intention. Now You know negative tweets be having an impact on you.


But I'm gonna read you a positive tweet. Somebody said about you all had a young lady named Julia Brown. Sugar Baker posted a video working out the whole on And. She said, I need gorilla to write a devotional book of daily affirmations. She says, glow makes her feel Like. She's a young person. And reminds her That. I can do all things through Christ. That strengthens me. How do you receive That when you hear It? I love seeing stuff. Like, That, Like Oh. Wow. I really? Like I. I speak a certain message to you. That make you feel Like, That, Like It Make me feel great. And. I. Don't think you realize how much Gorilla music I. Listen to And. One thing I've grown to understand about you is there is a difference between Gorilla the Rapper, And, Gloria, hallelujah, woods.


But Gloria Hallelujah be popping up too. And she be rapping as we. So what's the difference between Gorilla And? Gloria I ain't gonna say it's a hers difference. It ain't a her difference. But I'm gonna say Like, I'm just a hundred percent aggressive. And Like, straight talk And shit when I rap, you know what I'm saying? And. Straight Like. But in real life, I'm Like actually. Nice because You are from the South. You know to the hospitality, you know, I'm just, I'm I'm cooler. Like. I ain't as mean. Like. People think Like how I rap. I'm aggressive this how I am. But I'm actually nice. You know a a lot of artists man, you know, they put out projects before their debut album. And. They put out so much music.


And. Then when the, when the debut album comes out, there's really no difference with you. I can hear the elevation of the art know. So what was your approach to make glorious, you know, debut album Special It was just Like. So I had dropped of my ep. Of course And then It was Like last year. I was working on my album. And. It's Like. I was just overthinking It a lot. Like. 'cause You know I wanted It to be big. That to be my first album. And I had kinda got off track a little bit And. Then that's when I made my mix tape. 'cause I'm Like. Okay That. That put me back on track to where I needed to be. That The everything, everything know. Okay. So when I dropped everything, everything It had just gave me Like, the It It gave me my confidence back. I had sleep. Glo my confidence a little bit And.


Then I was just Like. Okay. When I make this album, I gotta touch different subjects. you know what I'm saying? Like. Like don't just want It to be a body of work talking about the same shit. Like. I wanna talk about different things. And the album, Did you lose your confidence 'cause of what other people were saying or just because you was putting too much pressure on yourself? Both of 'em. Okay. know Like. I was trying to, I was overthinking too hard when trying to go too big. And then the people came too. And. I had kind of just lost a little bit of my confidence. And in the intro you say be humble, That, cocky shit take you down. Now did you have a moment when you first started popping where you was feeling yourself? And It was impacting your career in any way? I ain't never get cocky.


Like I really wasn't talking about myself right there, you know, 'cause I I forever stay humble. I ain't never got to a point where I was just cocky. Like got my nose turned up. Like know. Now I done got cocky to Like. know You know I'm me but Like not the other type of cocky You were talking to. Other people know. Okay, now And in the, in the last dance, right, Michael Jordan takes a lot of things. Personal. And It motivates him. you seen the last dance, the Michael Jordan documentary? Nah, I ain't know saying It Oh. You need to watch It. He takes, he takes everything personal. And, you posted how you bookmark the tweet of someone saying you fell off so fast, And so bad. And It put a battery in your back. What did you feel in in in That moment? And, how did you use That energy from That tweet to your advantage?


Because for me, I ain't think It could happen. 'cause You know my ability know my rapping ability And. So when I start seeing a lot of people say That And seeing shit. Like That. I'm Like Oh. Okay, so y'all playing with me. I'm gonna show you Like. I'm the type person. I Like to prove people wrong. And I Like to show people Like. This what you think. All right, I'm gonna show you this. Why You think they felt Like That so fast though? Because I saw one person tweet from Like May to Like And know It was only Like. November It was only Like five or six months. you had been out. know why they wanted you to fall off so bad? I don't know. I think they split kind do That to almost everybody, especially female artists. I don't know why, but they wanted me to fall off so bad. I don't know why And isn't It true. That, you were homeschooled until the fifth grade. Why?


Because my mama wanted us to, she didn't want us to be of the World. That's what she used to say. She wanted to keep us Like. My mama was Like. She a super Christian And. So know she ain't want us to be in the World I. Guess A super Christian know. we just, you know, regular Christian, a super Christian It Like. My mama Like It Like. My mom go to church as as many times the church open. My mama there And. She can be there seven days a week. She gonna be there. And. you Got what? Nine siblings, right? Do all of them have some type of religious reference in the name you Hallelujah. Is there Like an Amen? And the other Like? No Like. She named a lot of those names out of the Bible. Like. My brother named Daniel, my little sister named Miracle, my youngest brother named Joshua And.


She say that's the Hebrew name for Jesus. And. And. She was Like. That's her last child. And. She was Like. It is finished. Like. That's what Jesus said on the cross. So know she did do a lot about Biblical references with us. Did That put a lot of pressure on you when you was young to Like always try to be perfect? Nah, I knew I want. Nobody was perfect. You knew That early. you know also in the intro you also say Police pulled me over, caught me sleeping, but I'm sober now. Then later on you say If you make mistakes, but don't let be the failure but a try And. We all saw the video of you getting pulled over for the, for the DU I. What did That That moment teach you? What I said in the song?


You Know. Did you know That in That moment? No It in the moment. Like Then you knew in That moment. Like. Okay, I'm about, this was a mistake, but I'm gonna learn from It. I mean I really can't speak too much on It right now. Oh. All right, okay, you, you said AT the end of the intro. you love criticism. know And people always make you feel crazy. So how have you learned to deal with critics And And haters To just prove them wrong every time? 'cause they gonna always come back around. And hop back on the train every time. Like. A lot of times when the hate come, It be bandwagon hate Like. They only hate you 'cause the next person there, I don't even know if they really be actually listening to the music. For real. Or they just on social media. And know. See what a few other people saying exactly. And.


Then they Like. you know what, let me, let me, let me get in. Get involved with the with the mob real quick. know I love how one, hold on. you say you popping in so hard because you ain't used to shit. Do you ever think you will get to a point where you get used to this life? I still ain't got used to It as of now. Like I still certain shit happened. I be Like. Wow, this is really me. This really my life. And. So that's why Like I just be Like stu the way I do. 'cause back then I ain't never pictured this going on. Like. I knew I had a dream. I knew It was a possibility. But I ain't know It was gonna happen. Happen for real. Really? you seem Like the type of person. Like, That, Like That can manifest things. And, I, If. You see what you want your life to be.


But You know you can manifest And. When It really happen. you Like Oh. Shit. It really happened. Like. I'm shocked. Really? Are you, are you talking about the level That? you AT right now. know Like I mean to be honest. you doing, you doing some white people shit too. you on these late night shows And you on these award shows, you know know is That what It is. It just big all around Like. I never imagined this going on. know Like. I knew I was gonna make It, but I ain't. know this big And That fast. You got a record with Lotto called Procedure. Are men really trying to trap you? And get you pregnant. Know, really know. How do you handle That One 800?


That's crazy. So you really in the records, you said That, you might have to get your tubes tied. If you don't really mean That Know, but Like I do wanna have kids, but not my own kids. Like. I wanna do the surrogate. know I want somebody else to have my baby. I want them to have my DNA. But I don't wanna have It, Like, We. That's smart though. know why? Just 'cause of your career or just you just don't I. Just don't wanna actually have a baby You Know what? What did you see somebody have a bad experience? That made you feel Like I don't wanna carry a baby. You Like. All my friends got kids. And. They just Like. They can't do It. They restricted a lot when they pregnant. And, I'm Like. Nah, I don't wanna go through That. we, It's just for not much Oh. That's too long. You see, you said a month before you blew up, you were still swiping cards.


Wasn't That true? If, You don't wanna expound on That? No. What did, what did lotto mean on the record when she said talking about taking spots. Isha please. They call me Big mama. Bend a bitch over my knees. Y'all gonna call It beef. What was, what was That line? I. Guess you gotta ask the mother. It It, I couldn't understand if she was taking shots. I was confused. No I don't think she taking know, taking shots. But we know I can't explain what she said. You don't ask people what they saying on your records. No It sound good. Like I think we You know what I interpreted It as But I ain't going Like I don't know exactly. How did you interpret It? It is your album.


know. So how did you interpret It? She Wasn throwing shots. Okay, Know But you knew what, you know what the bar was about. Know, But you want her to explain It know. Okay, I get It. Now we, we gotta talk about Rain down with Kirk Franklin, sh Lamore And Kiara. She just another example of the anointing on Gloria. Hallelujah. Life. How did That record come together? And, why those particular gospel artists? Okay, so for a minute, I was Like I wanna do a gospel song. Bli Blige. Nevermind he part of the record too. He had, he did the chorus. He sent the beat And, he sent the chorus And. So I instantly wrote the verse. Soon as he sent the song, go And, then I'm Like.


'cause he had a Kirk Franklin sample on there. AT first And. So I'm Like, you know, I would really, I would really love if Kirk Franklin actually got on the song And. Then he set up everything else. And everything just came together. Wow. Did you have to talk to Kirk And? All of them And? Tell 'em what the record was about AT first. No, my people had said this to him. know And, then they, he did It so quick. And so fast. I was so happy. What made you want to Like do a a full on gospel record? And feel Like because I always wanted to do one And. Then my mama always be asking me, when you gonna do a gospel record? I'm Like I'm gonna do one for sure. I always wanted to do one though. And That was Like the perfect one. Like, that's one I actually I almost It probably about a year. And a half old. Wow.


know was It. Was It Was It difficult to write just emotionally, Like I, everything That I said on there. I I actually felt It was so easy to write. Like I Like I said when he sent It to me, I had wrote It quick as fuck. And And the church was, was a major part of your upbringing. know And Like you said your, your your, your mother was super Christian And. She didn't want you to be of the World. So when you was creating this record, did you say, man, I don't know if I if I want to mix this, mix this record with the other stuff I'm Doing? Nah. 'cause You know Like It It is balanced. So when I just knew I wanted a gospel record on my album, And That. Really? They they helped me come up with the name of the album too. No.


Glorious. So, so the other two artists, Chand Moore. And Kiara, she, you knew you wanted them on there As we, We, I didn't Like, Kirk Franklin brought It together. But when he got those two to be on there, I was happy to come. I'm Like. Okay. They, they some good artists. What'd your mama say? My mama. She heard she ain't heard the finished product yet. I, I'm gonna let her hear It on the album. Did you tell her AT least Know she happy about It? Wow. Now also on Rain Down, you say you, you tell the Lord to watch over everyone you love And care for. But you said even though he hate me, Lord, watch over my baby father did I hear That rain. I ain't know you had no kids. I ain't got no kids. So what the hell? Who's you talking about? I was speaking for the people. That do get 'em.


Oh Like I was Like rapping almost Like in a third person music. You know, that's gonna confuse people Know You know Because I I I let somebody else hear It And. They thought the same thing. Like I ain't. They do, but they stop Like. I ain't know she had no damn Can. A lot of people down there here say That. But know It is just for the people who do get It. Like It was just a prayer. That I wanted to be Like for other people to use. Okay, all right. Now, you know somebody gonna pop up on the internet talking about, nah, she lying. I'm the baby father. I ain't got no kids. Right? Glows Prayer. Know. Why are you holding up God's prayer line, praying to God to help you. Leave That Dick alone, blow Like. Come on. God got bigger issues to worry about. What's, what's That about? Okay, so a long time ago when I forgot, my I was in my first real relationship.


I really had to pray to God to help me be Like the dude alone. Because I didn't know how to And. I was just in my car crying. And, I'm Like God. Like If. you get me outta this. I'll never do It again. And You know girls too. And went through That too. So I'm Like. I'm gonna make a song about It. Did It work? Don't lie now. No I. Swear to God. I Ain't talk to you after the first prayer. And. you mean tell me, after the first prayer you left him alone. No, after the first prayer, you know he gotta eventually come to pass. It ain't going instantly. It happened. Like, That. How many times you messed with him after you pray the first time? I can't remember. It done been so long. But It But It eventually did work. Okay, now you you, you answered your own question on That record too. 'cause you said it's your taste in men. That. you need to blame. Do you understand?


That That. you know? Okay. When did you realize That AT? What point did you, first of all, what was your tasting in Min? The Ain't Shit ones. Okay. I don't know why I liked them, but know I was Like. Maybe it's 'cause It, It is some good men out there. But I probably just keep picking the wrong one. How do you know when a person ain't shit? Because you can't, you can't say it's 'cause of their background. you can't say it's 'cause of what they do. 'cause the lawyer could be Ain't shit And. And the drug dealer could be the good guy. So how Do you know It ain't about they career? It is just Like what the them as a person. So know I be running to the ones. That ain't good. Like good people. we good men. They might be good people but just not good men. Mm. Did you ever think It was anything, anything internal With me know? Nah, I ain't never the problem.


That's what everybody who's the problem says, you know That. Right. I'm Real I. Ain't the problem though. Never Uhuh you ain't never ever been a problem in a relationship. No, because anytime I be Like. So what, what, what I need, Sean. What I need to do? They never ain't got nothing. They never got nothing to say. It never be Me because AT That point. They just Ready to leave It alone. It, Like, you probably, you probably been doing too much. Nah, we just don't never be me I don't believe That, I'm an Angel. I'm Hipping since Now. Everything, everything you describe yourself as the Memphis Choir girl. Turn Husky Voice Rap Phenom. Did you ever sing in the church choir? Really? know I used I used to sing real good And. What happened? you Like I heard you lost your voice or something. Like That You know I guess 'cause I started smoking. And I had not sung And so long.


Then I just started smoking in high school. And then I tried to sing one time I went to church with my mama. And I couldn't do It no more. You just in That moment. you just, she ain't ask you what was wrong with you? My, my mama had been found out. That I had started smoking. But I just couldn't ing no more. She still be telling me I still got It. And You know I ain't got It. Like. She just got Hope That. One day I'm gonna start back singing. I got I got another question about everything is everything because I, I, I love the record. That's, You got That. you gotta say everything. Anything add thing. know I. Love the record. You know from That Project Emotionally. Was That a tough record to record? 'cause the song is very self-reflective And. you talk about what's going on in That Mirror a lot. Was It very hard?


Was It hard to record? It was actually easy. Like the songs That. I'm really speaking on Like. It'd be easy to record because it'd be what going on in real life. So those Oh, so those are the easier records to write. So what about the Like, the party records. And The Turnup records or the radio records? Those are the more difficult ones. Nah, they be easy too. Like because I just really just gotta turn up everything Really be easy Because you really being, you know, And. Okay, that's, that's good advice for people. I think that's the hardest thing for a lot of people nowadays. They don't wanna be their self And. I think that's when they get the, the, the writer's block is That how you felt early when you were saying That, you know, had got stuck Know. 'cause I was just trying to go big. Like I got to ask them Like Oh what Latina artist can I work with? Like. I was just instantly trying to go too big.


And. So know why Like? What was you looking? AT That Me. And. you say, man, I need to I need to I need to just jump out the window. And go be Like Like. Why not not just build It up. Keep doing what you was doing. And build It up Because I feel Like. When I first started, I went from there instantly up. So I just feel Like. I had to keep going higher. And shit And. So I just got lost in the mix. So It And is It true. It took you 30 minutes to write. Fuck Nigga Free And. Then you shot the video the same day, The next day. Nah, It wasn't the next day. we, how did shit go? Damn That was a little minute ago. I recorded the song And then I think Like the next day. I shot the video. And then shit just took off.


30 minutes. Changed your life. Yep. So why not just keep That mentality the way it's Like? you know what? I'm just gonna keep everything organic. That's what I done. Got to I. Done. Got back to It. Now. Okay, I had lost It. AT first, then I had to come back to It. What got you back to It? Your peoples Like. you know the the, the label Like. What did they tell you? Like. Yo, you overthinking It. Like. Just, just be yourself. It was myself. And Like, I said the fan. The criticism It made me go back to It. Made me go back to the drawing board. Like what got me here. And. I used to talk to God. And. He used to tell me to stop over thinking this shit too. Made Meg's on the album with the song How I Look, know And. you got a line I Love you say just drove by the cemetery. It's plenty room for hoes. you, you, you And Megan Thee stallion seem to become Like really close.


During your tour together, do you feel Like That experience of love, And acceptance would made Is the norm with women in the rap game? Or are It usually more conflict? I feel Like. If she genuine, then It just going to happen. Like, you know, a lot of shit be fake, you know, just industry relationships. But being on tour with Meg And, she done hanging around her Like. Even now she'll call me every other day or text me And. I'll do the same to her. And. It's just genuine. It ain't forced or nothing. Like, That, And. So I just feel Like. If it's genuine, then It ain't gonna be no conflict. How did That relationship first develop? I had went to her. She had a no. Okay, so I went to a Halloween party. That was the first time I met her And.


Then I went to her Like, Nike release party. It was around her birthday And. Then That, same week we went to the studio. Just That same week. know how many songs y'all record We had recorded too. We had recorded Wannabe And, her song Accent. We recorded accent first And, then we did wannabe, second And then know, we just put them jump out. How Was the experience of the tour? What did you, what did you learn on That talk? It was Like. I was already in the, in the midst of building my confidence. 'cause I was going. I was in the gym every day. I still been in the gym every day. And shit. And then Like. My performance just got better. And shit. know It was just Like. That I. Guess It made somebody That. you Like can can go to for advice.


And advice, you know, just help guide you through this game. Know Like certain, she I. Ask her about And. She'll let me know. She'll tell me about It. What about Cardi? Because You know Cardi is your blood cousin. Do y'all kick It? Does she give you advice on how to navigate through this industry? Know I be calling Cardi. Sometime we be talking about stuff. And, she'll give Like little tips. I love Her. When you, when you see her Like going off about her relationship, do you call her And? Try to talk her off the ledge. Like. Nah, because you know you gotta let It out sometimes. you know, You don't think people be giving social media too much. I mean ev to each It own. you know, if she feel Like That whole way of letting It out, then that's what she gotta Do. And. The reason I ask That though is 'cause you clearly have no problem calling your friends And telling them the man they with don't deserve them.


You know because you got the song on money long. Phenomenal record by the way, called Don't Deserve. know what Inspired That record. Because I go through a lot. I done been through a lot of shit with relationships. And then I had friends. Like, That, I learn shit from And. Their relationships And, they be going through stuff. And, I be Like. you don't gotta go through That Like. He ain't even, he shouldn't even be the one taking you through That. And. So I just That gave me an idea to make a song about It. The the tone feels It feels similar to Like Eve. Love is Blind. know we That Like an inspiration for That Record know 'cause once I was making the record, I was Like. Hmm. Ain't nobody made another record. Like That Like Eve did with this one. So know That gave Mepo too.


Because I love That song,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior And completely redesigned cab with premium features. Like wireless Apple CarPlay And panoramic Moonroof make Driving And kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance. And safety features. Like intelligent all-wheel drive. The Kicks is both more fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains, is It a new era for you? As we drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I felt too seen dragged. I'm nk And. This is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call a nervous Breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens. From what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And Like. What's the history behind bacon wrapped Hotdog? Hi I. AM Eva And Goia. Hi I am Ma. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back Season two. Season two. And, are we recording? Are We good? Oh we pushed record, right? Okay, And. This season we're taking And a run bigger bite Out of the most delicious food, And its history Saying That. The most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. And the Pinola from Puerto Rico, Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey. That dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jack B. Thomas, the host of a brand new black effect original series Black lid. The podcast for diving deep into the rich World of black literature. I'm Jack B. Thomas And. I'm inviting you to join me And, a vibrant community of literary enthusiasts dedicated to protecting And, celebrating our stories. Black Lit is for the page Turners for those who listen to audio books while commuting or running errands. For those who find themselves seeking solace wisdom, And refuge between the chapters from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry. We'll explore the stories That shape our culture. Together we'll dissect classics. And Contemporary Works, while uncovering the stories of the brilliant writers behind them. Black Lit is here to amplify the voices of black writers And to bring their words to life. Listen to Black Lit on the iHeart video app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba. I shook up the World. James Brown said, say It loud. And Macia said I'm black And, I'm Proud. Black boxing stars And black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music And. Then the boxing event. What Was going on in the World AT? The time made this fight as important. That, anything else is going on on the planet. My Grandfather laid on the ropes. And let George Foreman basically just punch himself out. Welcome to rumble the story of The World in transformation. The Sixties, And. Prior to That you couldn't call the person Black And. How we arrived, AT, this peak moment. I don't have to be what you want me to be. We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman And the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast,


Man. Who put you on all That old music because you, you And, you got a bar. And And. The glorious album. And. you say Ti Sirius And. That's Like a reference. Do do series And. you say something Like he said, he said he wanna see the pussy cream. So Cash rules. That's Wu-Tang know. Then just got the love is Blind Tone Like. Who put you on all of That? That. you know That Classic music? you My parents. Oh Like. My daddy is seven three. My mama was six one You know you said she You. She's Super Creed in. But she know the music though. Oh. So she, she was bumping hip hop, And, the her know. Okay. Not a, not, not the, not Like, the hiphop. That was on tv. Like one, Oh, six, And Park type of hiphop know And. My mama love Tia.


My mama obsessed with Tia. But If, you know I got a old family. Like. So your older siblings And, everybody was know Like. They fought in in they thirties And stuff. So You know a lot about old school Stuff. So when you was legit, they was, you heard all of That growing up. Got you. Got you. Has your mom met Tia yet? Have you made That happen? I, FaceTime, I I saw Tia in the airport in Atlanta one day. And I FaceTimed my mama. And let her see him. And. What'd she say? She was, how she, she Was so happy. you know how, how your mama be when they in the bed And, they ain't got they stuff together. They be Like You know look. Right. She was Like. That Word also on the record Don't deserve, you say we all been stupid for these niggas. Once upon a time those red flags be looking green. But we get colorblind. How do you know when a flag is actually red?


And not green. That's the colorblind part. Like. 'cause you don't know Like. They be, they be putting on Like a little masquerade looking Like. They something when it's, when they, when Its not That, And. So you have to, you know what I'm saying, dive deep into It And. Then you'll realize who a person really is. You think you got It all figured out now. I Ain't got It all figured out. know. So you still get caught blind every day then Like, I'm really stiff now. Like I don't Like I don't fall too deep in nothing. No more You know Like I. Don't put my all into nothing. Can red flags turn green? Can red flags turn green? No. That's the part you fuck up on.


When you let a red flag or red flag slide And, then you just gonna get worse. It's gonna turn into a lot of 'em. Can a green flag turn red? You? You think it's a goal but then it's Like? Nope. Stop Him. Maybe Oh. Oh. No Don't deserve you sell your friend. you say don't let him cheat on you. Don't let him beat on you. And, then on I ain't going. you speak to the, you also seem Like, you speak to the theme of domestic violence as we, 'cause you say I ain't going for all That rough me up. And grabbed me by my neck, nigga put his hands on me nigga put his hands on me. We gonna be smoking on him next. know I I love the fact you raising domestic violence awareness. But It, It seems Like. You've had a lot of experience with It or you know people who have Know both of 'em know Like.


I ain't never Like. I done been in Like a free situation. But I ain't dang. Ain't never just been too bad. Like Oh, my God. It's a continuous thing. 'cause Like, I don't play That. But I done seen Like a a few of my friends go through It. And. It be a continuous thing. And shit. And. That's just a song for It. So they can know Like not to go for It. You did, you did a lot of justice to wipe me down too. It's hard to remake those Negro spirituals. But you put your own thing on It. What, what gave you the confidence to, to touch the album? The beat. When the beat came And stuff. It was just Like. you just gotta be a, he gotta be good. you can't mess up. No. Classic. Did you reach out to Booie to get his, to get his blessing or you just did It? And let him hear It Oh. Booie was in the video.


He heard song. I'm talking, I'm talking before You know you was in the video, but before when you just recorded It. You know he heard It. When I had put the snippet on We, I was on Live. And I had preview read It Did you make sure he get paid because you know Booy be talking about everybody sampling. He be talking about everybody sampling in his music. And not paying him. Did you make sure he got It money? He good Oh. He good know. Okay. What made you wanna put Sexy on It? Just to do the clap. Know I always, you know the World been wanting me in the sexy red collab And shit. So we had to make That happen. And then I was Like. Okay. This is a fun song. This sound Like a song she'll get on because we act I ain't gonna say That. We can. What you about to say y'all act alike? Nah. What? Nothing. But you know my, my niece is a DJ.


Nahla Simone And. She said That, when you in the club, now you gotta play a sexy red set. you gotta play a glow. Real set. So I guess you right, she said you because y'all did a record together. So now she got know. She said she's good That, y'all did a record together. 'cause she can put It in the, in That rotation with, y'all Know. So I was, what I was Finn to say was we was in the studio working on something And. We actually did another song And. So I'm Like Oh. you know what I hear you on this song? Like. 'cause she had to go to a show. I'm Like. Okay, I'm just gonna send It to you. And, you just get on this And. Then she did her verse. Somebody told me y'all was doing an album together. That's true. Who told you? That I Don't know where the hell I heard. That AT It Make It come true one day. But If, you know one Day is It Like a mix tape or you know This It maybe can be a mixtape.


But we ain't know. We don't It ain't started yet. How Many songs You we one day you How many songs y'all got together? I? Don't know. It's an album coming. Sexy Red Loa album coming soon. Now Crop Top with some biker shorts showing off my Moose Knuckle. My man Nav Green. He took a pic with him. AT Drew's festival. And. He said It, his caption on I. Instagram Big Glow wasn't lying Knuckle for damn show. Hashtag Moose Knuckle Monday. I feel Like. Your Moose knuckle is gonna have its own Instagram page soon. And I never heard a woman own their moose knuckle the way That you have.


When did That start? Okay, so ain't gonna lie. Like, when I be posting certain pictures, Like I really got It from the fans. 'cause Like, they'll be Like. Damn you got a moose snuggle on you And. So Like I just took And, Like, I. They say It all the time. And. So while I was rapping, because the line I said do nothing, I'm Like what Rhyme with It do nothing. And I'm Like, moose snuck, I'm Like. Fuck. It. I'm say It. Like because they always be saying It about me. And. So I, that's how That ball came about. Own It own everything about you. Why not? Why not know There's a a a hopefulness. I think I believe And a optimism. you know, And a faith in, in, in, in And. God And so many of your lyrics. If people are really paying attention, if someone counted how many times you referenced God on glorious It would be a whole lot.


know. So You know, you know who your family, right? But who else instilled That in you? Especially coming from, you know, a a, a city Like Memphis. 'cause city Memphis was just recently ranked Like the number one most dangerous city in in in America know. So who know gives you That sense of optimism to say, you know what, I can make It out of a treacherous city. Like. This It Was a lot of churches in Memphis. you know them cities, Like, Memphis, Like, And. Then you know, down south it's a lot of churches. So Like, I, It was just how I grew up. My background, just church Like. Even though we was in Memphis, It was just still church. Did you know you wanted to make It out the city? Or was your mindset Like Like want to get successful, come back, And maybe change.


Change. What's going on? I wanna do That too. Like. I for sure. The goal is always to make It out. But I for sure want to one day see if I can make It better. It's a lot of work, but hopefully one day you'll happen. Have you always been just optimistic about life? We, of course you gotta be. How do you stay? How do you stay from being pessimistic? You use all these big ass words. And shit. I thought. Big word. Optimism is the opposite. I say PEs of pessimism. Our Pessimism mean how do you keep from just being negative? And thinking everything is gonna be bad. And, you know, the sky is falling. Honestly, I. I always prepare for the worst. I pray for the best.


But I always, I'm always preparing for the worst. But you know, you just can't walk around negative And shit on negative shit gonna happen. But you gotta prepare for It, but you just can't just be negative. Even AT this stage in your life right now. you Like you feel Like. Something bad may happen. You know, some shit always gonna come out, come out the blue Like. Nothing It is gonna be rainy days all the time. But you know, you just gotta pray. That's how I deal with It. I just pray, stay prayed up Every day. The sun won't shine. But that's why I love 'em on. That's right. There's, there's always a conversation about Like artists who get to a certain level of success. you gotta lead their hometown because that's where the hate can be the strongest. What, what are your views on That?


I mean you don't got to I mean, but I used to always think before I blew up. I used to say I need to see more of the World other than Memphis. So Like I can have more to rap about. So if that's what they mean by That I understand It. 'cause Like, if we only in Memphis, we gonna only rap about the shit. That go on there. So you have to go out in the World And experience more shit to have more shit to talk about. Have you, you have you moved outta Memphis? Alright, Know I live in Atlanta. Is It, is It just better for your music career? Because Memphis popular right now, I think Memphis And Detroit might be the know best. Hiphop cities And. It's been Like That for a little minute. Know, but Like I still go to Memphis sometime. And I still keep my Memphis people around me. Like, even if I'm not in Memphis, my people that's from Memphis And still be in Memphis.


Like. They come around. And still keep me on game about everything. What If you woke up one day, And, you lost your accent. And. you wasn't seeing music? That gonna be crazy. I. That gonna be crazy as fuck because everybody say I got such a strong accent. So I don't see me ever losing It. I be trying to talk proper, but I still don't know how to, What is talking proper Like. How I'm trying to do right now. I be Why, why you trying to talk properly? you the Interview. So the fuck What you gonna be yourself everywhere else? My legs crawling. know I'm Like. What's going on back? All stiff Like. What's, what's Happening? No, the my the the, the thing on my back. Oh, they put That little tape to make It tape. We some on there know some back there.


Oh. Okay, Do you think It, my back Looks stiff on camera. Do you think It was harder coming up as a female in Memphis than It might have been in another city? You know now That. I. Look back on It. Like. It. It was It wasn't really hard. Like when? When If, you trying It ain't That hard. Like we getting It together. Like. 'cause I used have to work to fund my music career. But It really wasn't hard. 'cause I really put my mind to It. Now That, I. Think about It. Maybe AT the time It was, but now That I. Look back. I'm Like Oh. I really was grinding to get to where I was. And If, you really want something. It ain't gonna be That hard because it's gonna become something you really want. And. you know what I'm saying? It's gonna be, you know, We what?


What was the grind? Did you Like, you know, make the music go to the clubs, make sure the DJs had It. Do the do the runs. AT, the radio station. Like. you did all of That Know Like. I was just talking about this. I would be in the club. And shit be I. Get two turns off of some little liquor. And, some little, you know what I'm saying? Little weed I. Go pay the DJ little 50 to a hundred dollars, one 50. Play my song in the club. And shit. And. Then Like I used to Like open up for other artists pay to perform just so everybody else can see me. I used to do a lot of showcases. And shit. And. Then you know, just having to go to work. And use half my check to pay for Marie's video or Studio time. Like. So now That I. Think about It. It was hard because you know the, you know what I'm saying?


Motherfuckers on having the money. Like That. But I really wanted It. So It wasn't That hard. And. Now That, I'm where I'm AT. It don't seem Like. It was hard. So what was the big break? Like. Like. What was the moment where Gotti or whoever discovered you, You know, after I had F And. F And, It had went viral. And shit. And. Then all the labels was calling And shit. I was just going to label me to label me, to label me And. Then Gotti had been, had hit me up. I don't know why. I was just Like. I was Like nervous. I was scared And then. But when I actually had linked up with him, And shit. It was Like. He was the one. That was talking the most sensible And. Then actually It was genuine. Like. Everybody else just wasn't really talking. Genuinely Like. They didn't think I would make It past F And.


F And. I was playing tomorrow for them. Like. They didn't know Tomorrow would be That, big Like. They was just Like, eh? Okay, And, they'll come with deals. That were so low. And shit. And, Like. They Like believe And shit. But when I had pulled up on Gotti, he didn't even want to hear It. He was Like. We ain't even talking about Epi Nph no more. Like. I wanted to hear the other music. And. So I was on the yacht. I hooked up to the Ox. And. I just played all my music. And then know We was you. Was you intimidated. What you mean Like Be because? Because it's Gotti. Like. Just know I was kind Of scared. You. You You know And. But he would be the person I. Think That you would relate to the most. 'cause he from You Know, Memphis know, know that's what made It better because he related to me more. And. Like. It was Like a connection than didn't nobody else have when I was talking to him.


So when I talked to him, I felt a better connection. But I was just Like. Oh, my God. 'cause everybody always, everybody from me was the one to sign. The got. So I was just, I was just nervous. I don't know why I was nervous. I was nervous. So what other labels did you meet with? Because I mean now That You know you hate big words. If, you probably was in the I. Don't hate 'em. Mishel. you gotta say the ones Like don't. Because I'm sure when you in these meetings, they probably wasn't speaking your language. Gotti was probably speaking your language. Nah, It just Like. They weren't talking what I wanted to hear Like. you know what I'm saying? Like. Like. I said they just weren't believing in me. I ain't feel Like. Like, I feel Like. If I would've signed to anybody else, they would've probably tried to shelf me Like. you know what I'm saying? You know the number you was looking for or just That too. But it's Like even letting 'em hear the music.


Like, they want Like. you know I pay attention to people. When my music playing Like I. Look AT. Everybody Energy And. Shit And. They just wasn't moved by It. I could tell they wasn't moved by It. And. So I'm Like, okay, You know how y'all gonna treat me if I s sign Like, y'all really only care about this one song because It was going up. AT the sign. So once you heard, once you realized Gotti was fucking with your other music, you was Like. Okay, this this where I need to be Know And. He was just talking the most sensible, sensible shit. And. So, so Gotti signed you And, he took you under his wing. Had there, was there Like, any OG female rappers in Memphis who reached out And And served Like as a mentor to you? Gangster Boo had already reached out before. Before I rest in peace. Gangster, boo know, rest in peace. Gangster Boo. She had already was, I was already talking to her before I blew up.


Like, she would see me And, my little friends rapping. And. She was always dm me. Like. Y'all so hard. Like. She always was showing me love. Did you? But you never really got, did you ever really Like to sit down And Kick It with her? And she gave you No, I never got the chance to meet her. But I used to always talk to her. Like. We used to always dm, but I never got the chance to meet her. I met LA Chat. Wow. LA Chat was hard too. Both of 'em. Did She give you any game? LA Chat Know? She always DM me. And say you, you got It. you doing this shit Like. you know how let Legit gangster Like. She always come on some gangster shit every time she DM me. Who were your musical influences coming outta Memphis? Because I read somewhere. That, you wanted to be a singer, but decided to rap because you lost your voice. By the time I started rapping Like, that's when Cheek Keith was out. And I was listening to him a lot.


And. So Like. I was Like a big fan of him. And shit. And. I. Just Like how his, how he used to come on the track. Like. Sometimes he'll say some stupid shit. But It was still hard to me. Like, his beat selection was hard. He was just, you be young, turned And, wild. And around the time. That's how I was feeling. And. So I'm Like. Let me start rapping too. The shit, It's interesting when you said That you, you didn't feel Like. you see yourself in this position because you got so many examples coming from Memphis. you got the Gotti's, you got the three six Mafias, you got Money bag, you know Like Like. Why? Why didn't you think you could do It? Why didn't think I could do It know If? you said what? Why didn't you think you could do It? I Did think I could do It. But now you said you didn't think you would get to this level. Oh, we Can Like Teresa And mafia want a Oscar Like.


That's Huge. Right? Right. But I don't know Like. I knew It could happen. But I ain't think Like It just happened. Like unexpectedly. Like. I knew one day It would happen. And I knew. One day I'll be living Like. you know how some rappers, they don't just instantly go up. Like, That, Like. They gotta go through all the steps. Like. I ain't have to I thought I maybe would've had to did That. I ain't know I was just going to get big Like. So I'm blessed though. Do you think calling yourself the queen of Memphis? 'cause you got a record called Queen of Memphis, you think that's gonna ruffle on you feathers Because just because you, you don't only gotta be one queen. Like, we all queens le legit gangster blue, RP, we all queens, gloss And Kpop. All of us be queens And me.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features. Like wireless apple cart play. And, a panoramic run roof make driving a kicks impressive And. Exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-wheel drive. The kicks is both more fun, And safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains Is It a new era for you? As We Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


I felt too seen, dragged. I'm nk And. This is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big. Sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh. Look. If, you gimme therapy girl. Finally, a cha for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I, talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of the World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions. That are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society That created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And It will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And. Like. What's The history Behind Bacon wrapped hotdog. Hi, I. AM Eva Longoria. Hi, I AM Ma Go. Our Podcast Hungry for History. Is back season too, season two? Are we recording? Are we Good? Oh, we pushed record, right? Okay, And. This season we're taking And a bigger bite Out of the most delicious food, And its history Saying That. The most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. And, the Pinola from Puerto Rico, Oh. So All of these we have, we thank Latin culture. There's a mention of blood sausage in Homer's Odyssey. That dates back to the ninth century BC BC I didn't realize how old the hotdog was. Listen to Hungry for History as part of the My Cultura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Jack Beese Thomas, the host of a brand new black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich World of black literature. I'm Jack be Thomas And. I'm inviting you to join me in a vibrant community of literary enthusiasts dedicated to protecting And, celebrating our stories. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audio books while commuting or running errands. For those who find themselves seeking solace wisdom, And refuge between the chapters from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry. We'll explore the stories That shape our culture. Together we'll dissect classics. And Contemporary Works, while uncovering the stories of the brilliant writers behind them. Black Lit is here to amplify the voices of black writers And to bring their words to life. Listen to Black Lit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Muhammad Ali, George Foreman, James Brown, BB King Miriam Maba. I Shook up the World. James Brown said, say It loud. And Akia said, I'm black. And, I'm proud. Black boxing stars And black music royalty together in the heart of Zaire Africa. Three Days of music And. Then the boxing event. What was going on in the World AT? The time made this fight as important. That, anything else is going on on the planet? My Grandfather laid on the ropes. And let George Foreman basically just punch himself Out. Welcome to rumble the story of The World in transformation. The sixties. And. Prior to That you couldn't call a person. Black And. How we arrived, AT this peak moment. I Don't have to be what you want me to be. We all came from the continent of Africa. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman And the soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


People always talk about the lifestyle. And temptation of men who live this artist's life in this industry. Right? What's That Like from the perspective of a woman? Because you could be out here slutting, these guys out having your own freak off. Like. What's That? What's That? If. you wanted That. I think it's pretty different from a male And. A female It is from females. That get active now too. But you know it's, it's pretty much the same light. But we just don't Like. We don't go too ham, Like, AT, the dudes Like. Y'all just gotta have some shit going. Like. They ain't on y'all now. I got a ring on The, the, the, the, the the rapper Mother nigga know Know the rappers.


Like. Like. They just gotta have so much shit going on. AT Once And, we ain't gotta do all this. So you mean to tell me when y'all women be sitting around with all the money? And the influence And the power y'all got. Y'all don't ever think about doing these dudes the way these dudes be doing. Women Like. What type of way? Just smut 'em out. I mean know, but I'm saying Like, they addicted to It. Like, It gotta happen all the time. You know we ain't gotta do this. Like That. That's the, that's a power trip though. And God be Power Trip. That's what I think. Know Like. It's just Like. I don't know they It is some type of fetish or I. Don't know. know, don't know. I mean They know. I'm glad you said they I ain't got nothing to, what's your relationship with Damian?


Lila Like. you talking about they just asked him about you the other day. AT a press conference. Look, If, you dropping shit. Getting all nervous thinking about That man. Who Nervous. Who nervous? You getting all nervous thinking about That man. They just, they just asked you want me to help you? you got It If you can Stick That. Who's That? A Sean Bracelet. I don't know what It is. I'm about say had to put on me. We You just stick It know through That. Little hug right There. Pause where they, Shit you can stick It through any one of them motherfucker right Now. You know. There you go. Yep. There we you go. Thank you Damien. Lili. They said they asked him about you And. He said, you know I keep my personal life personal.


And let It be That I. Respect her as an artist. We know each other. She's an artist. I'm an artist but as far as anything else, It ain't nothing going on. That's what I can tell. you Know, That's That know. Did you ever, did y'all ever speak Kick It talk? Nothing. You know it's a lot of niggas in the World. And, they keep seeing everybody ask about one It is going to fuck me up. You, you better start talking about some other niggas then. Shout out. Shout out a couple other ones. Now does, does anybody in your family have an issue with your music? Because you know Like, you mentioned It a little bit earlier, meaning folks Like to say you can't give glory to God. And still rap about rat shit. People think It can't be a balance.


So does any of your family members ever say Glory? you can't do the secular music You gotta do. They just all supportive of Everyth. I ain't gotta do Know. All of them know. Do you pay everybody Bills The ones That. I feel Like. I should pay my mom, And my daddy. You got nine siblings. Do any of them want to be in the business? Are they in the business? Are they Everybody got they own wife Like? Nobody. Look AT me, Like Oh. you a rap. I gotta do something. Like, That, Like. Everybody they own person. That's okay. Be being the eighth child. Born outta 10 kids. Do you ever Like battle with helping your family out versus being, you know, tight with your money?


I'm tight with money. Okay. And. I'm super tight. 'cause I just think Like And. Not even with family, with anybody Like. 'cause if It all run out for me, who gonna help me out? That's right. So I'm, I'm tight anyway. Like I I help people where they need to be Helped AT, but overdoing It. I don't do I don't play That. Have you learned That know is a complete sentence For sure. Do they respect, you know You got to what else they gonna do? That's right. Are you old enough to know about female rappers Like, the lil Kims And, the Foxy Browns? Did you hear That growing up? You know I I knew Lil Kim always because of just her being Lil Kim. And being the fashion act she was, but I ain't hear a lot of the music. I hear some of her music growing up, but you know, down South Like, And.


Then my mama did listen to a lot of rap. Anyway. And. So I really had to grow up And learning about them myself. So What about Like? So you was more Like Trina Know You know about Trina. Okay know because I was gonna ask Like. you know they, those women faced a lot of backlash for their lyrics And the things they rapped about. What are your thoughts about That And? Do you feel Like your generation has those same experiences because they seem Like. They be on your head. And sexy redhead about shit. Y'all saying, what do you, what do you feel about That? I don't give a fuck because the people who Like It don't listen to It. Like If. you don't Like It. Apparently You know one of my fans don't listen to It. That's just That. You, you've been successful for a while now, but you was down probably much longer than you was up know That's safe to say, right?


But what, what's been more memorable to you? The struggle or the joy? Both of 'em. I was just walking last night. I was walking down town square. I'm just Like. I had a lot of fun times. And, memorable times when I was broke. Like, you know it's Like. you got a lot of fun times when you broke Like. I was just thinking about shit. And, I'm Like. Damn. When I used to be working here or doing this Like, we was having a lot of fun. But I can say That about being rich too. Like I just enjoyed my whole life. Now That I, look back on It Like. I'm grateful more now looking back on It than I was AT the time? Maybe because It could have been worse than what It Was. Absolutely. you know, And And the song I That I referenced before you said you learned to forgive people even if they don't apologize. Because having peace of mind is more important to, you know, coming.


Coming from a generation where people are more concerned with optics. How do you shut out the noise of what everybody else is doing around you to keep your peace? Because that's what you gotta focus on. Your peace. And. Nobody else Like. I can't let nobody else fuck up my joy. Like. I can't just be mad. If you all the time. And, what's this gonna help? Just being mad. If you Like. No, it's gonna fuck up my peace. So I gotta do whatever make me happy. And keep me peaceful. What Do you do to keep you peace? Worry about myself. Be in the gym. Like. Stay healthy. you know what I'm saying? Feed into myself going to myself. Did your mom still make you go to church? And, she was Like. Glory. Wherever you AT, make sure you go to church. And, get online. Watch something Mom.


Make sure I pray. She always send me Like little videos of certain pastors And messages, And stuff. But know I always pray. She always text me from motivational stuff. What's the last thing she text you? What she text you this morning? I probably ain't get no text this morning. But I can't remember the last thing she text me. But she always say, I love you. And stuff. And. Make sure you pray All That. Do you? Do you know the most important affirmation she ever told you? The one That sticks with you. Man, there's so many That. She done told me I can't just think of one. When you look AT project Pat, he's preaching now. Know I saw It. Do you see yourself making That move in the future? I. Think It can happen one day for sure. I think It can happen. People already be saying Like, I I.


Minister to them. And my music. But one day It can happen. My final question, what does success look Like for? Gorilla. What is, what is your end goal? My end goal is to make my mark where I knew. Where I made It. AT, And I. Be able to take care of all my people. I love the way I want to And shit. know, Know that's Are you happy? Are you having fun? Yes. I am Just in, just in life overall. Yes, I am. What do you want this album to do? What would success look Like for this glorious album, which I think is a phenomenal body of work, by the way. Thank you Like. Thank you Like. Really, really, really, really good.


Thank you. I. Don't wanna jump out the window 'cause I just got It a couple of days ago. And, I've been listening to It a lot know, but It is really, really I. Don't want put too much pressure on you. And. I. Don't wanna put too much sauce on It for people watching because I want them to hear for themselves know, but it's really, really, really good. Thank you. So what would success look Like for you in this project? I wanted to go number one, I Want It to Like be a Like, A Everlasting album. Like a album that's for ever rotation. Like one of 'em. Classics That. People always remember Like when you bring up what's one of the best albums, say, say That one. Alright, gorilla, thank you know, appreciate You. Thank you. That was a great interview. Interview. You gotta put It with a burger.


Do you ever wonder where your favorite foods come from? And. Like. What's the history behind bacon wrapped hotdog? Hi I AM Eva Longoria. Hi, I am Ma Goon. Our podcast Hungry for History is Back And. This season we're taking And a run bigger Bite out of the most delicious food, And its history Saying That. The most popular cocktail is Margarita, followed by the mojito from Cuba. And the Pinola from Puerto Rico. Listen to Hungry for History on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm NK And. This is basket case. What is Wrong with Me? A show about the ways That mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different meds, But by culture And society. By looking closely AT the conditions That cause mental distress, I. Find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane. What we can do about It And, why we should care Oh, look If. you gimme Therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I am Jay Sheddy And. I'm the host of On Purpose. My latest episode is with Jelly Roll. This episode is one of the most honest And Roy interviews I've ever had. We go deep into Jelly Roll's life story from being in And out of prison from the age of 13 to being one of today's biggest artists. I was a desperate delusional dreamer. Be a delusional dreamer. Just don't be a desperate delusional dreamer. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast. Trust me, you won't wanna miss this one.


Hey, I'm Jacque Thomas, the host of a brand new Black effect original series Black Lit, the podcast for diving deep into the rich World of black literature. Black Lit is for the page turners for those who listen to audiobooks while running errands or AT, the end of a busy day from thought provoking novels to powerful poetry. We'll explore the stories That shape our culture. Listen to Black Lit on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke Muhammad Al Lee, George Foreman, 1974 And. George Foreman was champion of the World. Ali was smart And, he was handsome. The story behind the Rumble, And the Jungle is Like a Hollywood movie, But That is only half the story. There's also James Brown, bill Withers, BB King, Miriam Maba, all the biggest Slack artists on the planet Together in Africa. It was A big deal. Listen to Rumble Ali, foreman And the Soul of 74 on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.