
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collision or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always take care cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Quiet everybody. We gotta do a countdown. Check the mics. Everything good? Kevin, can you say something? Sec One six five ten nine. Kevin Hart. How are you sir? How are you, sir? Listen, before I do these Out Of Context conversations, I like to set my intention. So my intention for this convo is to properly shine the light on the historic career of Kevin Hart, the entertainer. Okay. The mogul. Okay. I wanna put who you are and what you have done in its proper context for people. I love it. Okay. Now you once that in an interview, you said life is a book and you determine how it ends.


What would you title this chapter of your life Understanding? Mm. I would say understand 45 years old And I. Understand the purpose. I understand the value. I understand the real reward. So I think, yeah, this, this is about, this is about clarity. This is about having a bigger and better vision based off of my now understanding. 20 years ago when you was 25 h how, how would you define success? What did it, what did it look like to you?


Success at 25? Well, just, well, no, when you were 25. Yeah. What did success look like to you? Success at 25 was no free weekends because you were booked, whether it was comedy clubs or colleges, the standup calendar was full. The only thought was comedy. Right? And, I, think You know the opportunities for acting. That came and sprinkled in here and there it was cool moments, but the, the standup and being a headliner in standup, nothing was bigger or better than that.


So, how do I get a full count? How has achieving the success you've achieved reshaped your definition of what you thought success was 20 years ago? I mean, it's completely different. You know the success. Success is like, it's layered because you think it's financial. And then after that you think it's material. Once you get financial, and then it makes a weird shift where it turns into like, happy. Right? And what, what level of success do you have to reach for you to understand that happy is always and should always be the first thing.


Hmm. And how do you get that? How do you get to that? The success is like, it's a journey. It's a journey that you, you embark on and go through all this stuff to get there and go. I was, I was this then I was, I was happy. And I was vibrant. And I was fun. And as you obtain more, your workload, your stress, your want, your need, like everything starts to come into play a little differently. So it boils down to how do you get to the role of happy and understanding the value of a circle, your friends, your family, et cetera. Like that's, that's where your thought process starts to drive more towards as you get older.


So the biggest thing is happiness man. At the end of the day, like, are you doing what you love? Do you, do you absolutely find joy in that thing that you're dedicating yourself to on a day-to-day basis? And does it make you better? Does it bring the best outta you? Does it bring the worst outta you? Like you gotta, you gotta start to do that. So my joy now comes in helping and creating opportunities to see other people get to the place or to help position other people correctly, to do the thing that they want to do, or to find the happiness and a thing that they are thriving towards.


That's my new, that's my new happy. Have, have you always been happy through, through every stage of this business and this career of yours? Have you always been happy? 'cause you always present very Happy. Yeah. I'm not a, I'm not a unhappy person. Yeah. Right. Like, I'm, I'm a good person, good energy behind me. But my patience isn't You know my, my patient. My patience isn't as long as it should be. My patience is extremely thin. 'cause You know, the, the more work you take on, the more you're dealing with it on day to day. So I think I've definitely been spread thin and, and being spread thin.


You, because of your, your, your training, you got one track that you're on. And the only thing is this, this, this, this, this. Everything else in the way of that kind of has to be pushed to the side. So my happiness at one point was coming on just trying to achieve the goals. And, I think during that time, I probably overlooked a lot of things that were real definitions of true joy, true happiness. But because I had the tunnel vision, I was focused on this thing. So I don't think, I don't think I've never knocked but happy. I think that I've, I think I've definitely been absent-minded at times. I don't think people realize that.


That you always haven't had success. Right? Like, when you think about 20 years ago, you got a shot in the industry, you had a sitcom on a, b, c, the big house, major motion picture, soul plane. And it was once said that you already had those deals when you came to LA and no one had ever heard of a comedian who came to LA and in his first year in LA had all of that. People never heard of that before you or since you, so my question is, how did you achieve all of that, Kev? I mean, that's nuts. It's just, it's insane to assume that somebody came and was given anything. Like, I think for those people that really followed my career and it knows, like, I don't, I don't think there's bigger definitions of hardship and work and success and takeaway.


Right? So early stages of my career during the, the comedy festival, just for last comedy festival, oh my God. Went there, killed it. Holy shit. This is, this is it. This is where everything's gonna come. Getting a deal at that point in time was a big deal. I think the deal was like $200,000. I got a deal for winning the Festival For, well, I got a deal coming out of the festival. Oh, got you, got you, got you, got you. Basically, I met with studios, networks, et cetera, and they said, we're gonna do a development deal with you. People Forgot about Those development deals don't really exist no more. It was talent development deals. This is when comedians in the prime of their career got opportunities coming out of these comedy festivals.


And the just the last festival was like the biggest new faces. It's like a showcase basically. Yes. So agents, studios, et cetera, were all there. I get this deal. I believe it's what it might have been with N-B-C-N-B-C or a BC at the time. And You know, this is it. I got the money Life change. I can do some stuff for my family. Whatever. Money goes, nothing comes out of the deal. Nothing. Well, that was short-lived. Later I get the opportunity to develop a series, create a series. This is the big house. And the opportunity came from me learning how people were developing, writing and pitching.


So I was like, I can go back. And the same people I met with were my deal. I can start pitching to, I'm gonna pitch shows or pitch ideas and doing that, we pitched a big house. Big house gets picked up. Finally, I got a sitcom. This is gonna be great. We shoot, we shoot the big house, we shoot the pilot. Pilot gets picked up. Time for me to go to New York, do the upfronts, announce it before I take the stage to announce my show is gonna be on A, B, C. And this is the biggest thing ever. They pulled me back and they said, they're deciding not to pick up your show. Wow. Yeah, right there.


Are you serious? I'm, I'm here. Like, I flew to casting. We all, this is an exciting time. Yeah. No, we're not. They're not gonna do it. Can you stand over there that fast? It's over. I gotta go home. I'm on a plane. No show. I get a call probably six months later. We're gonna pick it up Mid-season. Oh my God. The joy. Finally, it came around. They air one episode, maybe, maybe two episodes. Not even that many. Maybe three, I don't know. Maybe two or three. Pulled it, canceled it. No sitcom. Okay. Shit. I'm back, back on the grid, back on the grind. I'm in The, World of auditioning. Nothing's coming out of it. Soul plane came.


Holy shit. Got another opportunity. Booked the audition. Tons of people auditioned for Soul Plane. Jesse Tere was like, that's my guy. I want him. Soul Plane, his bootlegged biggest bootleg ever. My success came from the bootlegging of Soul Plane because people started to remember me and my success came from Paper Soldiers and that underground movie and in the bootleg circuit of That's right. So the memorable, the memorable side of understanding, oh, that's the guy from, oh shit, that's the comedian from, I just started doing comedy clubs.


So I said, all right, fuck the acting stuff. I'm just gonna go focus on the comedy. So I went, I just did a comedy grind like nobody's business. It was a Little Wayne mixed tape level comedy grind. I Went, I went, I remember. So I, when I tell you I was so adamant about the comedy clubs, standup, any stage, any room, New York. Get the people, get the fans, go get the emails, go back, tell 'em I'm coming back to the city again. City, Chicago's, Cleveland, Cincinnati, you name it. I did that shit for about, I wanna say I probably put in like five years of nonstop comedy club work.


And over that five years, gathered the audience gathered a nice amount of emails. This is when Speak to that though. Hold on. Don't speed by that. Because you were in these comedy clubs. Yeah. And, I. Remember this? You were, you were getting everybody's email. Email. And you had a newsletter that you used to Send out. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would. I literally got Dane Cook is one of the first people to like really embrace his fans and, and the development of the relationship with the fans, right? Dane Cook was one of the early, early people that I heard talk about this. And at this time, Dane Cook was like, boom. I mean, huge, huge. So I'm like, I gotta get emails.


And I gotta talk to the people. So I, I would do these newsletters for the cities. And. I would, I would send them, I would send 'em out as a blast. Like MySpace had a feature at the time where you could basically, like geotag, I'm coming to Cincinnati. And on your MySpace, you can look for the people in Cincinnati. And I would personally send out messages. I'm coming to Cincinnati, I'm performing. Come see me perform. I mean, you're copy and pasting the same messages over and over again. Some people came, some people didn't. But at the end of the shows, I would know who came. And I would know the result of me individually telling people to come out. 'cause I would be able to match the email addresses up with things that I saw on the MySpace page.


So I was like, between these things, if I stay true to it, it'll work. So me and my guys, the Plastic Cup Boys, we would go to the city land, go to a mall, pass out flyers, tell people about the show, get emails. Then we would go to the show, perform as people were walking out, getting emails. I used to have cards. And I would have cards on the table. People would fill out the cards. I would take 'em. So then at the end of the weekend, everybody that came, Hey guys, when I come back, I'm gonna make sure you all know thanks for coming out. I built a rapport for five years, maybe more. I was very consistent with that Rapport.


Colleges I was performing at showcases for colleges and, and gathering that personnel. I didn't give a fuck where people were. If it was people there, I was gonna go And. I was going to personally make sure you knew who I was and that I knew who you were. So when I did Shaq's All Star Comedy Jam, that that dropped after I did Grown Little Man, And I was about to do seriously funny. Some, I forgot the order of it, but I, I, I was doing these comedy specials and it was for Comedy Central. It was gonna be my specials. All right? There was like a little bit of knowledge, a little bit of, little bit of steam off of him.


The Comedy Club was getting a little full after the Shaqs All Star Comedy Jam. I don't know what happened, but that shit, that shit hit harder than anything. And then I did seriously funny. So people were like, whoa, Shaq Star, star Comedy Jam. And then I did different material. Seriously Funny. Okay. At the seriously funny. Well, that's when it was, it was okay, shit, this guy is like the real deal. So it went from comedy clubs and theaters real fast. I mean, right now you're witnessing it with, with Matt Rife. Like, I, I I remember that. Yeah, yeah. Like Matt rife it, it's a weird thing that happened where Matt was in comedy clubs and he was doing his like little things and the TikTok thing hit for him.


And all of a sudden Matt Rife is doing shows at arenas. Matt Rife sold out Andrew too, and, and Andrew shows too. He's, it happened so fucking fast. So when that happened, I said, well, I don't want to run away from the thing that I was doing. I gotta tell people I'm now going to the, the theaters, right? The theaters. I'm, I'm gonna be at the theater, not the comedy club. Well, theaters selling out so fucking fast. So now I don't have to do the email shit no more. I don't have to do, but, but that turned To social media too. Well, This this's when social media just started. Yeah, right. This, when all of this shit, look how the baton was getting passed. Oh man, the tickets are selling.


So we're good. I don't, I don't have to do this. Like I once did. Twitter, Twitter is now out. So now Twitter, I learned what that is and I'm like, oh wait, I can talk directly to my, like, to the people that follow me. Go back to The World of emails. I'm on Twitter, here's my at name. Make sure y'all follow me. I Remember all of it. So, So all the people that I gathered from all of these cities, name the city during that time, Detroit name of fuck Chicago. I don't, I don't give a shit. Columbia, South Carolina. Every city ev I don't care if it's an A market, B market, C market. I went everywhere once.


I said, follow me on Twitter. All right, well, I'm out the gate. I had like 300 something thousand followers. I'm like, You was the first person we knew with a million followers. I was Like, oh shit, Me. And Dubal was like, you got a million followers. Oh, I said, I gotta talk to him. So I, so now the emails that I was sending that people weren't privy to are now person to person conversations. Now the shows are getting bigger, the theaters are getting bigger. We're adding shows. We're going from 2000 seaters to 5,000 seaters. And just like that as a headliner, I changed, I changed the way I looked at how I develop comedy.


I said, I need to have a system in place that allows me to stay on the road and come off the road. I shot two specials. I did grown Little man, that is seriously funny. The Shaq's All Star thing was like a favor. I was like, Shaq said, Kev, you wanna do this thing Jeff Clan and Can't, who's my partner? That that shit was a favor. All these things hit. I was like, all right, well, I can't fuck this up. So now I said, I'm going to go and I'll do a tour. My tour should always last a year and a half. And I'll end my tour with the filming of a comedy special. And then I'll develop another set through the course of a year and a half to maybe, maybe close to two.


So I had an on season, off season, but it always gave a two year gap in between standup. So I never oversaturated myself in the market. So until this date, there's always a two year window in between my specials. But during that off year, I'm developing the new material. So when I come back and announce a tour, while I'm coming back with new material and a new road, and by the time I film the next special, it'll be two years past before the last one Step repeats step repeat. So I built a process based off of hard work understanding and commitment. And that commitment came from the failed opportunities in Hollywood. They threw my TV show back at me. The movies that I had, the opportunities as a star in did not work in a successful template of working in the business.


Paper Soldiers wasn't a box office success. It wasn't a theater release. It was a straight to DVD soul plane was supposed to be a box office success. Now bootleg, basically another straight to DVD If. you ask me. So because of that one to Russ Par, me, the Russ Partfield you talking about, well, you got two, you got something like a business and you got thirty five, ten five, ten, yeah. Right? So these are all of my, these are my big opportunities. At that time. None of this shit was huge successes. This was all, these were all culture, culture, like cultural fucking pieces of IP that we grabbed onto and supported and loved.


So because of that, the fan base got better with standup. But I went back to standup, right? I was like, I'm out this, this LA shit. I'm sitting here waiting by the phone, I'm out. I went back and hustle standup, and was just in the grind of standup specials until Will Packer came to me. This was after laughing my pants. I wanna say, I don't know, maybe my third or fourth special or will came over to think like a man. We talking 2009, 2008. I don't know. Maybe third or fourth


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent. All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You hear more and more about identity theft in the news every day. Maybe that's because so much of your personal information is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your Social Security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information is vulnerable. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf, guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If, you lose money due to identity theft. You might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler Open. Earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bose.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior living.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey guys, it is Ryan. I'm not sure if You know this about me, but I'm a bit of a fun fanatic one. I can, I like to work, but I like fun too. And now I can tell you about my favorite place to have fun. Chumba Casino. They have hundreds of social casino style games to choose from. With new games released each week, you can play for free and each day brings a new chance to collect daily bonuses. So join me in the fun sign up now@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


The reason I'm glad you're having this conversation with me, think about all of these opportunities you had. I see you doing that for other black creatives now. So absolutely. When Rus Paul had the opportunity, he put you in something. Name Dash had the opportunity, he put you in something, will Packer, he put you in something. Shaq, he put you in something. You're doing the same exact thing for people now. But You know. You know the realization though, man. It's like the people are putting you in something because they have something to put you in. That's right. Right. We're in a time now where it changes because the expectation of what you're supposed to do doesn't match the energy of what you're actually doing. And, I, think You know that line is blurred a little bit like Shaq called me, Jeff called me.


I'm like, yeah, of course. It just so happened that that was the thing. But they were doing a thing at the same time. It matched up. I'm trying to create more things that can hopefully be the thing for someone else. Now, you don't know. I don't have an, I don't have a strong grasp on the business to go, this is gonna launch you. You gonna be a star? Get ready. Here it come. I just know like, Hey man, I got some dope ip. I wanna create some movies or mine. Some aren't. But hey, here's opportunities. Here's a blender of opportunities that I can put people in and continue it and grow within it. I mean, when you, when you look at just what we're doing at Heartbeat in a scripted, an unscripted space, it's all based off of the new version of our generation.


Acting comedians, writers, directors, et cetera. I'm saying if I can do three to four projects a year, and we got new faces in them, I'm doing my part. If I can say, Hey man, we're gonna shoot 40 comedy specials and we're gonna have those comedy specials on our fast channel and on this distribution platform, I'm not only giving them a stage, but I'm also giving them visibility. I'm doing my part right. Wait. Right, right. Like at this point, what is my part? Where, where's my value best served? And. I feel like it's best served in creating the opportunities for others. And You know if somebody pops off of something that I put to the table, man, I think that's the dopest story ever.


To just be a part of the, the early stages of the next person's, the next person's journey. I would be fucking beyond blessed. How does it feel knowing that you have achieved so much success that people think you're an industry plant? I mean, it's the biggest compliment ever, right? You, you, when you hear things like that, you just, you gotta give a nod to common sense versus lack thereof. You know. I had a conversation with my daughter one day and she was asking a question and like debating off of the hypothetical of if something was real versus not.


And, I said You know everything is researchable If. you really want to know it. If people really care and you really wanna know things, it's very easy to go do some research. Absolutely. And, and actually beyond easy, it's like it's dumb proof today. Like Google has, its so dumb proof that you can actually type in the dumbest version of a question and Google will correct your question and give you the right side of your question with the options for you to go find the thing that you're looking for. That's Right. So If, you really give a shit. You can go and see. I mean, the industry plant conversation is what, what does it, what what does that mean?


Like when you, when you really break that down, it Means it, it means, that's why I want you to tell your story. And I'm glad it was the story. Like you said, the story's out there. People wanna know. It means that somebody put you in this position. Yeah. And press the button. Yeah. And that's the guy. Yeah. So when I say, what does that mean? Like, what are we talking about? Right? Like, right. So if, if that's the case, if success is that easy, how many different versions of that would you see to date? And by the way, wouldn't those be the stories that we're highlighting? Because they're all false. Like if, if that's the case, I mean, some things get so ridiculous that catch on, it's just, it's astronomically insane to process.


Does It bother you? No. I could give two shits. Yeah. Like, I mean, that's why you don't hear me address shit or, or fire a bag of shit. It's like you got time to address and talk and come back at people when you have time. I don't, I don't have the time. Like I, and not because, yeah, not because I'm an asshole, but I'm actually, I don't, I don't have the time. I don't have the time to give a rebuttal that, or the energy to give that any type of outside thought. And like I said, if it's, if it's something that people are really curious about or people really wanted to know, it's great research. It I got, I got a list of things that have taken up your time.


Correct me if any of these things have changed. One, people think you're in the Illuminati because you are not just a comedian, you're a businessman. Yeah. Let's just list some of these things. Heartbeat Productions. Yeah. LOL Network. Yeah. We're serious. Grand Carino, tequila. SBH Productions, which is our audio descriptive company. ftic Activewear Heavenly Heart, which is a health and wellness brand named after your daughter, heart House, your plant-based food chain. You partner with brands like Chase Bank, Nike, I was told you invested in DraftKings and you're invested in Hydro, which is a rowing machine company. There are plenty of comedians who are just comedians. You are a businessman. Who or what contributed to that business? Acumen, Early stages of growth.


Jeff Clan again. Jeff Clan again, I wanna say is an asset that sparked my entrepreneurial side of thinking. And just from him saying or suggesting, Hey man, instead of us going this way, why don't we do this ourselves? So taking the money from tour, using that money to fund our standup special, and then taking our standup special and distributing it through A A MC. And when we did that, the big win, it just made me understand investment and return. Right? RO out. The return on your investment, we took 750 grand Shot our comedy special released the theatrically.


It did like 9 million theatrically Theaters take their cut after the theaters take their cut, we get back our pie. I walked away with like close to two and a half, $3 million, right? Oh shit. My seven 50 turning into three. That's investing. So what, like, how does that work? What, how do you grow businesses in a manner where you can invest and then ultimately see a return? Well, you gotta have businesses. You have to have ideas. More importantly, you gotta own shit. I started to understand the importance of owning shit. I realized that how many people that do the same thing that I do to don't own shit and it's no shot to any of them.


But once we're done, right, once we, once we say goodnight and we're done doing the job that we've chosen to do forever, you gotta look back. And when you look back, what do you see? Early on? I saw that studios had these amazing catalogs. And these catalogs are so dope. They're great. And the value of these catalogs for studios is significant because of the talent attached to 'em. And it allows the studios to leverage that talent, that IP to go out, get more money so that they can go out, shoot, develop more IP of the same ultimately to build that catalog.


So that that catalog is a definition of representation of their value. Their value continues to grow and jump based off of star power and works for hires that are fine with receiving the dollar at the early stage, but not being a part of it at the back. Hmm. All right. So how do I fix that or be different in that regard? Well, I'm gonna own the one thing that I can at the early stage that I control. I own, I own my live entertainment business for myself. If I decide to do comedy, I own this entity of comedy. That entity shoots a comedy special, I'm gonna own it and then I'm gonna license it.


Step repeat. Okay, well I can do this with other ip. I gotta create the companies heartbeat. Laugh out loud. Okay, the studios are partners. But make sure that we own a piece of the company with the studio. Well, we can't do that. Why not? Have we ever asked? That's right. That's right. Have we ever asked for an unconventional deal? If we do ask for that unconventional deal, let's see what the return is. Let's see if they jump up and say, okay, because you're a good partner. We actually had some good partnerships in the early stages that weren't afraid to take those jumps. Lionsgate was a great partner with Laugh Out Loud. We did great business. Lionsgate didn't allow me to buy Laugh out Loud, back in full when they didn't want it.


I took laugh out loud, merged it with Heartbeat. All right, I got one big entity now. Wow. So now let me start to push things under the machine. I want to push and shovel anything I do under the machine. It all has to come through Heartbeat. And through that, let's see how much I can own versus what I can. So now, any deal, any unconventional deal, it has to come through my pipeline and the relationships of others. Now respect the pipeline. So let me hire the people. Lemme get the right team, right execs, right Presidents, right? COOs, CFOs, heads of SVPs, eps. Well now I got the money to pay 'em because I'm taking the money from all this live entertainment and I'm just gonna bring it over here.


So until I get a return, I'm a fund machine because that's an investment. I'm investing in this personnel, I'm investing in these works for hire. I'm investing in the idea of this company. When You was in these comedy clubs, did you ever think standup comedy would lead you to these opportunities that have created all these other companies and got you at a net worth of $450 million? No. No. But that's the, that's the fucked up part, right? Like you stand standup comedy is the gateway into everything. And entertainment, entertainment in general is the gateway into everything. And you don't have to do it, right? You don't have to knock it out the park and fucking walk away with the biggest bang, with the biggest win.


The closer you get is best and better for the people that are going to come and do the same things behind you. So there were a lot of peoples that didn't necessarily do it right, but they cracked the door enough for me to go through that door and get a, get a little further than what they did. Understand that the likeness that I had could bring the value of private equity partners or investors or companies or bandwidth. I bring value to different operations. So in return, you are giving me something from my value. So stand up comedy was the asset and still is the asset that acts as the gold nugget to fucking greatness.


Because the meetings that you're able to obtain, the rooms that you're now able to be in is all based off of, man, that guy's so funny and so cool. So don't downplay the fucking early thing. The the early thing is the most valuable thing. Oh man, I want you to go see that guy. He was funny as shit. Then after the show, he was nice. You gotta meet Doug. Doug works over at Amazon. He does X, Y, and z. I don't know if there's a partnership here, man, but you should meet him. A lot of people don't have time. I didn't mean no fucking weird, weird ass dude named Doug. I, I'm good. Or why not? Doug just so happens to be in front of content and creative.


That's right. So meeting Doug, you done put yourself in a situation to get some knowledge and information and you tell Doug, I'm gonna come back. We should meet again. Speak to that more. Does your humility play a role in how far you've been able to go? Absolutely. Mm. I I do not, I do not put myself on a, on this crazy pedestal of expectation of how you should perceive me. Right? And, I think really having a even kill and a, an understanding of like level set at all times. Like businesses, business partnerships or partnerships, opportunities is opportunity. And If, you shake a hand, it's two sides to a handshake.


So If, you shake my hand and I'm shaking ears back. That means that we should both get something from whatever we're deciding to do together. It shouldn't just be about me. So it shouldn't just be about you. And I. Think to date, my relationships with my studio partners are representations of that You know, I've never tried to kill 'em. I've never came in and front loaded any of my deals. And this is for my partners at Universal to Netflix, to Apple, to Amazon. I mean, I can go Warner's, I can go down the list of 'em all. I'm, what do you need for this to be a win for you? Alright, so I'm gonna do this on my side. I'll take this and I'll play with you on the back half. So in success, we all have success. And as a partner throughout the years, well, my work has been consistent because they value me as a guy that's coming to the table at all times with the best interest of them and myself.


I've never been a gimme all mine now. And y'all figure it out. Like, If, you lose, I should lose too. Mm. And that's, that's a, that's a real, like, that's a real thought that I have in any, in any aspect, right? And the best partnerships that I have, like, and Fab, lets athletics. And I decided to do business because I was with Nike. Nike were great partners. We developed sneakers together. We were doing great activations. I mean, some of the best relationships came outta Nike of just personnel and understanding that business. I had an opportunity of athletics to help grow a brand and be responsible for men's.


But they said, Kevin, we don't want you to come in and just like do it and just be the face. We want you to develop it with us. We want you to be a real partner. We want you to be creative. So I had an opportunity to go and create a men's line with a brand that didn't have it yet. Be responsible for elevating, amplifying the business. Now that didn't exist. That does well, I'm gonna do that. 'cause if I do it right, all of my partnerships that I do afterwards, I now got a resume with a receipt. A receipt says Kevin Hart can do this for a company, for a brand, for a entity. Kevin Hart did this. So I took that, ran with that.


And now when you talk about the other partnerships that have come to the table, well, here's what I am as an incubator. Here's what I am as an amplifier and the words that I'm able to use now. I didn't know these fucking words. You learned, Yo, how much did sales shoot up when you put Druke and Kai and not in the f athletics, the Outfits You know what's crazy. Like that was such a, a genuine, authentic moment. So they had just, they had just sent me like, we got, we, we have new product. And I always get stuff first. And Kai was joking around like the sleepover man, You know we gonna be here late. I didn't know what to expect. So I still had the box.


I had the box with me with the fat leather stuff. So just in genuine, authentic moment during that live stream, I'm like, I got you a gift. Kai And I didn't have a gift. I just gave him one of my sweatsuits. We the same size. You want Me to believe that you had Drusky size just Not Drew? That's the second one. Okay. Okay. Me and Kai. Gotcha. The first one. Gotcha. I just gave Kai the gift, like as a sweatsuit. So Kai, we put it on, we just playing around. It was my sweatsuit coming back. I go, oh shit. That's dope as fuck, man. It's dope because it's just good energy and it's a real reaction. I'm going, come back, I'm gonna do the same thing because the kai and the juicy of it all, well it's really about me empowering them.


I, I went to their world where, where I didn't change their world to fit me. I want nothing to do with your world. I want to fucking be a part of your world by showing how dope you are. So I didn't come near as Kevin Hart the star, let's talk about all my shit I got going on. I came in and said, well what does it mean when you do all this shit? What do we do now? What? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Damn. What I gotta do? Yeah. Money train, hype train. What, what, what? The business has ignored the fact that these guys are the new business. But it Fits you though. 'cause your brand is fun. His brand is fun. It's Easy. It's, it's an easy seamless fit. But what I'm trying my best to do is show, show the business, the studio business that the opportunities for them that we should be thinking about exists where they're already succeeding.


You don't try to break and create a new model. Try to figure out what it is they wanna do and say, okay, well how can I help you? How can I be accessible for you and to you? So for Kai and Druke, just because of the love, the sweatsuits and all this stuff's funny. Well, I didn't ask Kyle what, what you make from this and how you get your money. I want none of it. Dude, I like that I came and fucked with you. I like that you got some success and were more people came. It grew your shit. Drusky. I love that. People know how funny you are, man. You two, I'm gonna fuck with y'all more. We're gonna figure it out. You Was EP in a show for Drusky before this though? Yeah, I Was trying to develop a dr show for Drusky for a minute. Yeah, still are. We still are like Juki. I think Juki is a star. I think Kai's a star. I think You know, when you look at Mr.


Beast and what he's doing, like you, you're looking at people that are creative minds and have figured out another route to economic success. They have, they have found a way to say, I'm going here and I'm going here. Mr. Beast's whole business is not just content, but product commerce. Like, are you fucking kidding me? You, you're talking about a talent that is figured out how to bring commerce to his audience through a platform that guy's doing it. Right? Guess what I'm gonna do? Absolutely. Guess what I'm gonna do? Hey Jimmy, I need to talk to you where I don't want to control.


I want to know And, I wanna learn, but more importantly, I wanna partner. How do we sit? How do we talk? Hey Kai, hey Juku. How do we sit? How do we talk? Collaboration is the best form of success. If, you can't collaborate. It's a, it's a real lonely world, man. And that whole athletics thing, and just me doing it started off as just a fucking real easy, genuine thing. 'cause I had it. Drew skin, Kai came back, Hey man, we're gonna throw these on again. Got you Kev. It is love. It's nothing forced. It was a, it was a thing that worked because of the authenticity and the brand of course was happy. But as a guy that controls the brand and operates on its behalf, people associate me with the product seamlessly. Right. So it was never forced.


Yeah. I wanna, I wanna talk to you about fatherhood, right? As a father, I'm sure your family motivates you to keep working and do more, but you also wanna prioritize being present. So how often do you face the conflict of choosing between working family and how do you maintain the balance? I got a lot better. I've gotten a lot better, man. You know. I think the, the engine in the early stages is a engine dedicated to, I'm doing all this so that they don't have to, right? Like I'm a thousand miles per hour because I want to have this so that they can have this so that we can do this. But then you start to realize that that time can't get that time back and you start to miss real shit.


Real shit that matters. Kids get older, they drop some shit on you about what they wish you were at that you wasn't, but it's okay. And you wanna make those changes. So I think because I've had such a open relationship with my kids and a comfortable one where we can talk and be transparent, I've been able to adjust in real time and make things better. So I think today I'm way more present than what I was in 2009, 2008, 2012. You know I'm, I'm a good dad. Like I'm, I'm, I'm there. And, I. Make sure I'm there. 'cause you, I'm breaking the ground in what fatherhood looks like from my family.


Like me and my brother, our dad wasn't there. So when it was, it was cool, but it was hit or miss in and out. So me and my brother prioritize how active we are with those kids. Like, and it takes a village. Like he's literally, my brother is the best asset that I have outside of my wife. Like, Hey man, I gotta go on a road can, I'm gonna be going for set time. Go and make sure the kids are good. Pop in with 'em for like four days. Give 'em some activities, some stuff to do. I know they got classes, blah, blah, blah. You're, you're, we have a very nice rapport of how we operate. And the kids love it. They, they, they see the efforts, they respect it. I think they also see how I kill myself to get back to them You.


know what I mean? Like, I'm, I'm out on tour buses. I'm back and forth, back and forth. Land two days. All right, I'll leave one day, come back like, it's, it's a lot, but it's worth it. What What, what is, what is losing both your parents taught you about parenthood. It's very important to, to understand like, this shit is a gift. This this, it's game of life is a luxury. And you, you don't have to be a part of that luxury long, scary thing about death is the next day life still goes on, right?


Like you lose people that you love, but the next day you still have to operate. You still have to figure out this thing. You still have to pay the bill. You still have to do the work. You still have to figure out, you still have to raise the kids. You still have to like, it doesn't stop because of your moment of mourn. So what I, what I definitely have been an example of his strength. You know when my mom and my dad passed And I think my kids seeing how I handled both of it from a a realistic standpoint is, is something that was of value to them, right?


Because rather than feeling the, the death at the saddest level, I celebrated the life at the highest. And that was a, I think that was a thing that, that they both kind of, my two older kids, my younger ones were a little, my dad passed away were sad. But my two older ones kind of like understood my way of thinking and my reason for, for why. And You know, I was like, it's okay to be sad, but I'm making a conscious choice in this moment. To, to just think about the celebration of the life that they lived, what they did, the great things.


And it was more about the storytelling on that side of it than, than it was about the


Crane Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. All always secure cargo.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself, I go to chumba casino.com. At Chumba Casino, I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free, like online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Plus I get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad that up here I don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo. Woo-hoo Ooh. Live the Tempa life anytime, anywhere. Play for free now@tempacasino.com. btw room, no purchase necessary void, prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome to Burger yi. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah. I want Woo-hoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I this one big time playing High five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward. Over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we prohibit to play responsibly Conditions, supply, see website for details. High five casino.


How did you have to adjust your last standup? Because I told you I saw you at the garden when you it it, it was what became reality Check. And I told you. I feel like that was your best set. Right? And you had a lot of You know material in there about your father being sick by the time the special came out. He passed away. You had passed. So how did you have to adjust? I mean, I went it, you you, you put it in the past tense, right? Like You know when my dad was, I think one of the biggest memories was my dad would or You know. I mean, it's crazy that my dad's not here because these thoughts like that I'm having are all based from what my dad like everything. I kind of just put it in a, in a past moment. And the set became more of a dedication to my father than, than what it was in the, in the beginning stages.


But my dad passed away in the middle of that tour, middle of that tour. So I had to finish that set. Actually, You know what's crazy. Where were we at? He, he just passed away. He had just passed away. And we were doing the, I was doing a set without thinking about it. Like, I'm like, yeah, my dad and it hit me on stage. Mm Damn. That's the first time I felt that, okay, that's, it's in there. At some point it's gonna come out. Like I, I just told you my way of handling it was celebrating the life or whatever.


And during that set, that's where I felt like a little, I felt the thing, that emotional thing and talking about him as if he was still here and knowing that he wasn't. And at the end of that show, I told the audience, my dad passed away. Wow. And that's where it hit me. Got a little, had to get off stage, got a little water. It's called grief ke. Yeah. It's okay. Well, I mean, grief is okay and I'm not saying you don't have it or you shouldn't have it. I'm saying it hit You. It hit me in that moment. And to date, I don't think that I've, I prob I still probably haven't grieved correctly over my mom.


Like I think I, I accepted it. I knew what it was 'cause I knew it was coming. But I've never had like a, a thing, like a spiral fallout thing. You know, they say staying busy is a response to trauma probably. So, so you stay busy so you don't have to, you avoid dealing with what you probably should be dealing with. If that's case I'm probably dealing with a lot. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't, I don't know that, yeah, I'm not gonna fight that. 'cause I don't know that. But if, if there was something to deal with, it could stem from that. But I'm also addicted to work. Like that's a work is a drug for me.


Yeah. I remember you tweeting back in 2013, you said If, you are afraid of failure. You don't deserve to be successful. I think you was, you was, you was quoting Charles Barkley or somebody. And when I hear you say you're addicted to work and we watch it, we watch you, are you afraid to fail? No. No, because I, I fail all the time. But at this point, I mean, what is, what is failure? Like, like right now I can go belly up the money, the money could go away, whatever. Like the, I'm never not gonna be okay. I know how to get to the money. My confidence on my ability to get to the money a thousand percent, I'm going to be okay.


Like, there's like in the beginning stages of life, the hood, et cetera. Like there's a, there's a real fear of, I don't know where I, I ain't gonna be able to fucking Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't know. Like there's, there's a real fear there because you're at the bottom. Right? When you've been, when you've been to the top, eh, is it really a fear at that point? Like, okay, you're saying I had it all. And, I lost it. So now my, my journey is getting some of it back. Like, it's not a fear. That's, it's a moment. And in business, in entrepreneurship, things don't always go the way you want.


So if an investment didn't work, And, I, overcommitted, or if this went belly up, And I didn't have, like, it's, that stuff is very much possible. I think for me, the lack of success or moment where unsuccess like presents itself, that's dope because there's so much information in that. There's so much information you gain from the thing that didn't work, the thing that flop the thing that fucking was supposed to, like, there's information value in that. So it's about how you, it's about how you take it. I don't, I don't take it.


I don't take it with a, like a negative grain of salt. I'm, I'm, I'm pretty well we're receiving that. I just think I need to be committed to something for me to make my life feel like it has a driving source of energy that won't die. Like, I like this. 'cause it it, it keeps you from being petty, but you still a cancer. Kev? Yeah, I'm a cancer. 50 cent is a cancer, we're all busy people, but we still find 50 Is different. He's different 50 years. He finds a little time to be petty with the people that throw shots that you have. 50 is different. You don't never What's what's the most pettiest thing you've thought about doing? I, I've done it just, people would never know.


Like, like, Like people would Never know. Like, I don't, it's like You know people like the public here. Okay, this is something I, I said I was talking to somebody, man and You know it's really not hard. If, you have If, you have real problems with people and your problems are like serious. It's not hard to ever get to a person and really like, address the problem correctly. The, the problems that people have with me, they aren't my problems. So the idea of being petty or going back and forth, it, it's so beneath me because I don't have the problem. And. I feel like if I engage, it makes it look like I got a problem.


And I, don't. I? I, Well, things get taken outta context too though, because even when you think about Kat Williams on Club Shaha, he, a lot of people thought you threw shots at him first and he was replying back. You, there's, I think there's probably one moment where I've actually talked about Kat publicly, and this was when, I Think it was on Breakfast Club. It was the Tiffany had, yeah, yeah. With Tiffany. And this was like, we were, we were promoting night school and Tiffany was affected by some of the things he said. And I'm, it was more of a, like, support for her in that moment and like some shots at him.


Do you regret that? Yeah. I shouldn't even talk. I should never address him. Like at all. I don't have to. What? Like why, what, what will it do for me? What, what will I gain? There is no gain. So I look at everything from a business and economic standpoint. Like if I'm investing in something, well, what is my return? What's the return on my investment? What's the return on my time? What's the return on my energy? What's the return on my investment? So that investment of self words dialogue brings me what, what, what do what?


And if I can't answer that question, or if people around me can't answer that question, then it doesn't get an inlet. An inlet of energy. So it has nothing to do with people feeling like they're above people feeling like they're better. Oh, it has to do with a strong understanding of you and like yourself, level of awareness. Like I'm, I can check all these boxes, but to some they want to take it or misconstrued or twisted ass. It's not my, it's not my problem. It doesn't become my problem. Is that a part of acting My age? Acting age is so dope. Yeah. Acting my age is, is so dope. And you, and you can have, I know you said 15, you can have more If you want, you can do seem like 23rd.


I wanna make sure you get your shit. Oh great. Thank you. I'll say the, the better side of acting my age and the understanding of what this special is, is like, it's so dope to understand what the idea of old age is and should be. Older. Older should mean wiser. It, it should mean like fucking wisdom. It's life lived. The older you get your representation of life lived and If, you are lucky enough to make it 2 50, 60, 70.


That means you were one of the few fortunate people then I only made it to the other side of life. But got to see other lives make it there as well. Grandkids. That's right. Kids have kids, homes, families, whatever it is. Neighborhoods change. Fucking the the inclusion of the, the merge between If. you are a person that got to witness and was around And. I remember when, man, it, what, what's better? I just worked with Samuel Jackson and the dopest thing about Samuel Jackson when we were doing fight night, as every day Sam had a story about the shit that happened during that time.


Because he was there. He was there. Yeah. Oh man, right here. Y'all see this right here. This was, this wasn't this spot. This used to be raised and, and, and what they would do here, you just sit and listen. The joy that Sam found in telling us the moments of life that he lived that none of us could fucking relate to, because none of us were around. Sam was the one lucky, the one lucky individual from this time that can still talk about it. Some other people might not be here. His other friends from that time may be there, may not. But he was so happy at telling the stories. That's joy.


Word. That's fucking great. So at the age 45, I'm embracing the concept of getting older and being the thing that you're becoming instead of running away from it. Everybody's running this way. Everybody's trying to get younger, pulling the skin back and taking this off and doing it. Like I'm, but, but What does aging look like in a realm where the goal is to remain relevant? That's why everybody's doing this skin stuff and the the tux and whatever else. The ozempic like, I don't, I don't know what other people are going through, so I would never speak on another person's behalf.


I would say that if, if more, if we saw more people celebrate the cool shit about ages. Ages, yeah. I I think that aging would be highlighted differently. Right? I think the conversations attached to it are one sided that you hear, you, we only hear one side of it. And when you're talking about staying relevant, it, it's, it's, it's all subjective. Like you just said, you had l ll here, right? L's dropping the album 40 years in, right? Yeah. Been doing it for 40 years.


Is he dropping the album to be relevant or is he dropping an album because he is like, Hey man, I miss rapping. I'm about to Just rap. Yeah, I wanna rap and just rap. Show motherfuckers I still can rap. Oh, LeBron, LeBron, 21 years in. Is he playing because he's trying to be still relevant or does he just love the game of basketball? Yeah, Like yeah, it's objective as as to how you wanna view it. You You know what I mean? Like there was a, there was a time where before all the shit had happened. When I was in, I was in Montreal and Bill Cosby was performing, sitting on the stool, performing.


It's like you still love comedy. Granted, like I said, it's before all the shit, but like, it's like If. you love something and you just want to be old and do the thing you love. Cool. It's, I I think it's subjective as to how you view it. And, I. Think, think you can find so much joy and happy and being what you are doing what you love and getting older while doing it and embracing the younger environment of people that are doing it well. Absolutely. Embracing the younger generation. Like I have nothing but love for this dope ass new wave of comedic talent that we're witnessing today.


Like there's no competition. You home Already between me. Like there's no competition. Yeah. Like when, when I see the, the Drew skis, the Kais, the, the Desi banks, the B Simone, the just hilarious and the pretty V fuck man. Carlos, Chico, DC Carlos DC the the 85 South Yeah, DC and fly all these guys. And there's so many to name Matt Rife, who I just talked about as well. I mean I can, I can go down a crazy list. Malaney, who's fucking great nuns? Davis. Brian Ryan Davis. Another funny one, like there's so many funny people out there and The World of standup comedy has gotten so big.


Andrew Ltz, Andrew Schultz. Yeah. Crushing Is dope as fuck to watch people crush is dope as fuck to watch people find success. And guess what? It does nothing to mine. It doesn't hinder my level of success in any way, shape or form. And, I think like people have a hard time realizing that, right? You don't ever see me, Chris and Dave fight. You see us argue. That's right. Me and Chris and Dave are actually so fucking close. Chris will call me and go, Kev, are you going on tour? And I'll go, not yet.


He's like, don't lie bitch. 'cause I'm about to put these dates up and don't you announce and then we, we No Chris, I would never, okay, I got you. I see what you're saying Chris. We'll always make sure it's this. Dave, what you doing? You have I'm working on some shit. I ain't got nothing yet, but I will. Alright, I'm gonna go up around this time. We make sure we communicate. We, we coexist because we're not against one another. Like we wanna see each other flourish. That's how it should be. People at the top of collaborating, people at the bottom of competing. It's, and, and by the way, when we go and we are down here with the younger generation, it should be nothing but embracing. You said you wanted Kai to play you in a movie. Yeah. Are your, were any of your sons pissed off about that? No.


No. Although my son, my son is in this next fab leg spot that he did. He, he's showing his acting chops. I put him in a athletic spot. And I told Kai that because everybody says like Kai And, I have the same energy and You know Kai wants to, Kai wants to act. He's saying like at some point he wants to get into it. And I, And I love that. I love that he is already looking at bigger pictures. I love that he's making his money. I love that he has his thing and You know I'm, I'm going to figure out ways to do that thing with them. And You know, even even when I talk about comics, right? Like the plastic cowboys. When I talk about Spank, when I talk about Naim, when I talk about Joey, like these guys have been headlining for a long time and being, establishing comedy, that's a very hard thing.


It's a very hard thing to be established and stand up comedy. Like this is, you're talking about a contractor like mentality at work. It's You know you got to eat what you kill. So without audiences you got no, you got no revenues. That's right. You gotta figure out where to go and where to hustle up to get the money. We're talking about a bunch of people who have figured it out. I applaud that at the highest level. Speaking of Eaton, right? Fight Night, was it strange doing that sex scene with Taraji v Henson T and was Baby Boy in any inspiration behind it? No. It was what I did.


Did you study Tyrese and baby boy when he did that? The other No, they really, they really did a sex scene. They really like Tyrese and t really did a sex scene. Like they had a lot of shit to do in that scene. The story of that scene told so much you had flashbacks and she had to go through. Oh yeah, it was a lot, it was a lot that went into that. I mean, tease my sister. So I minimalized it to where You know we don't, we don't have to get that active and we don't have to do that much. And I think You know in, in any project, it's all about the story that you're trying to tell. And if me and Taraji had to tell a different side of a story for the purpose of the, the IP and, and to set up the future thing that's gonna happen.


Okay, yeah, you can go there. But the relationship between Viv and Chicken Man is one of her being this down ass chick and has rolled with him and will ride with him for anything. Our sexual relationship isn't the highlight. It isn't stronger than you saying, I got him. And I know he got me right. So how do we, how do we make sure we tow that line? And that's also within a creative, I I haven't had to do anything crazy like that in any project that I've done to date and If. you don't have to. You don't, you don't need to. Right? It's like it's all, once again, it's, I'm, I'm the creator. I'm, I'm on the side with the writers and the stuff and they do have something in there.


If there's seeing Kev, this one, you gotta eat, eat ass. I'm like, well why, why, Why? You don't have to in All ways. I love the Chicken Man character. Is it fair to label the Chicken Man character a bad guy? Or is he just a product of his environment? He's not only a product of his environment, he's a, he's a definition of a real entrepreneur. And sometimes as a entrepreneur, your vision as a visionary can't be seen by everybody because everybody that everybody doesn't do what you do. So Chicken Man can be seen as a guy that makes bad decisions, but the people that are a part of all of his decisions know his heart. They know, they know his want.


They know his real, his real initiative and what he's willing to do to get there. And while some can be a part of it and some can't, and while some can know this and some can't, like if You know him, you're gonna love him If, you don't know him and you hear about him, you're intrigued to know what it is and why he's been like, I found a lot of similarities with Chicken Man, which is why I wanted to do it. The Road to Greatness is road that everybody can't be on. And a lot of people got left behind on Chicken Man's Road and those that fucking stayed and made it through the storm, they all saw the value at the end of it. Did Terrance Howard try to explain any of his math to you on set?


Oh yes he did. And how did you handle that? I told Terrance I love him, but I'm not, I'm not your customer. That's it. I love him. I do, I love Terrance. I think Terence is one of the most talented people to ever goddamn touch that acting stage like he is a bad motherfucker when it come to action and cut. Terrance will do whatever it is that you needed to be done And stay in character. Yeah. Now we know why he was wearing the wig in the Living. He everybody knows. Yeah. Yeah. But You know when he, when he starts to talk about the, the the math mask stuff, he's really into that shit. Like that's his, that's his shit. But you have to, you just gotta be honest with people right out the gate.


And I told Terry, I I'm not your customer, Terry. I don't, I'm not gonna retain this. So what did he say? I'm not trying to sell you nothing. I'm just trying to explain that. Said no. He said, Kevin, you're still gonna listen. I I just had to sit there and then when it got done I was like, yeah. See what I'm saying? Last question. Okay. Do you think you were born already destined to be who you are today or was this version of you molded and crafted along this amazing journey you've Been on molded crafted now I would love to to sit the fairy tale and and do the traditional lie. Absolutely. This was God's no, I thinks, I think I'm beyond blessed to have the support and family that I had in coming up.


The mother that I had and the support came from. Like me not knowing a lot of people, a lot of people come down on that younger child that don't know. I don't know man, school ain't for me, but what you gonna do? A lot of people call it that guy or that girl loser or You know you ain't doing it right. You ain't taking life serious. You ain't thinking everybody has, everybody has a different agenda when it comes to time and, and when things click versus when they don't If.


you take my mom's level of support away from me not knowing. I would've never discovered the thing that I fell in love with. Like I didn't go to school and didn't purposely say I'm stopping 'cause I'm about to start comedy. I discovered it. It was, it was an accident. It wasn't on purpose in conversation. Ka you should do it. You should try to hammer tonight. Okay. The discovery. I fell in love with the new idea of the thing that I could do. I love this thing. I love this feeling now that I'm excited all of the energy and effort that I have, it can go into something that I actually am excited about. Without that excitement, without that light bulb, a lot of people struggle with the first step.


It wasn't until I got my light bulb, I hit the ground running. And then after that and seeing your result of hard work pay off where you attach that same effort and energy because You know what it feels like to put a hundred percent into something and then see it work. So what I am and who I am today and where I'm at, absolutely not. But now that I am here, I do feel like it's my job to be as best of an example as I can be for the next generation to do more and surpass, right? Like this shouldn't be it for who's to come and what's to come next.


I'm just a version of new that was able to do like, here's what I was able to do, but when I'm fucking 55, God willing, or 60, I would love to see the next version in position to do more or prepare to do more. Well You making it easier for the next generation. Kef, I appreciate you man. Keep growing my brother. Great talk. Great, great dialogue. Yes sir.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


The following is a high five moment from high five. casino.com. Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We have a slight delay because I just wanted high five casino.com. High five Casino. It's a social casino on your phone wherever you go. Inco win free spins, cash prizes free daily rewards over 1200 games in the event of emergency. Feel free to yell. I would at high five. casino.com. Have you had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com High five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary which would prohibit to play responsibly conditions. See website for details. High five Casino.