
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collision or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always take care cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


We check the mics. You good? Yeah. How I do these in black and white. Make people focus. Yeah, I like that Big Sean, you My bro. How You doing man? See you in a minute. The God, How you feel. I'm blessed black and highly favored man. You know. I like to same. I like to set an intention before I do these conversations. So my intention for this conversation is for everyone to get clarity on who you are as a man and rapper in 2024. Ah, Man. I, I, I'm excited for this thing. Alright. Yeah. How are you? First and foremost, I'm doing pretty well. It's, life has been a lot lately, though I'm not gonna lie. It is been pretty overwhelming.


Kind of like stressful, but definitely, like I said, I cannot complain bro. Like when you, when you think about the grand scheme of things, we, me and you and a lot of us like are on the blessed spectrum. Absolutely. We're on the, the, the positive side of what's going on in The, World You know compared to like people not knowing where they gonna sleep at. People getting bombed on Ki You know losing family members, kids, You know people getting executed. Everything that's all of these tragedies wars conflict that's going on in The. World going on. You know in our hometowns every other week I hear about like somebody getting like, oh, this person got killed, or this person You know some something.


So it's just like, I always keep that in perspective and You know a interesting concept that I was talking to someone another day, I was like, man, You know, say we get this opportunity while we're in our bodies, only our souls. This is our only time for us to experience like some type of friction You. know what I'm saying? I'm not even trying to get deep. But If, you think about it, when we leave our bodies and it's quick blip of a life, we may not experience pain anymore. Might be peace. Yeah. Might be, might not be depression, anxiety. We won't be able to feel touch, fuck, eat, sleep tired. That may not even, none of that may be a factor.


So I was talking with this doctor the other day who's very spiritual and she was like, yeah, I mean this may be our only time as souls to progress. Right. And to evolve and to feel and to have some friction. Right? So I was like, damn, if that's the case, You know when we are feeling this uncomfortable feeling like anxiety, depression, all these things, all these ups and downs we go through. Like I wonder how much of a privilege it is even just to feel that shit. I think that's the point, right? Yeah. Just to enjoy the current moment period, because you don't know what's next. A lot of times when we say enjoy the moment we thinking about You know now like what we're doing right now, but no enjoy this moment of, of a human experience that we're, that we have.


Yeah. You know. 'cause I feel like if you're just like comfortable, if you're good, if you're just satisfied all the time, then there's no room for growth. You know, I always feel like when you're down, when you feel off or when you feel like you're not in alignment, at least you have an opportunity to grow from that. Right. And. I feel like that's a something to even be proud of. Recognizing that, right. Instead of just like complacent where you are. Yeah. And You know what I love. I asked you how are You know? You gave me an honest answer. No, but that's real because yeah. People will be like, oh, I'm good. You know in therapy, they taught me to not just say that. That's right. They taught, I don't know, like they teach you to really say how you doing You know, same You know. So I mean, like I said, You know I'm writing my first book You know what that's like writing a book. Yep. I'm, I'm just basically finished with it, finishing this album still and just like, and still experiencing that new, that feeling of fatherhood.


Even though my son is You know a year and eight months. It's like it feels new still. Oh, we Gonna get through all of that. Yeah. Yeah. Let me ask you who, who is Sean Michael Leonard Anderson in 2024? Man, I'm somebody who, bro, I'm just trying to figure out myself, who I am sometimes. Like I have to take time to reconnect with myself and what I like. 'cause I got so disconnected from that. So in 2024, I'm a father, I'm a black man, a proud black man who understands that they don't understand much. And I love anime, You know. That's like one of my escapes that I get to experience is like watch getting into like a new anime I'm about to dive into Even Gallien.


I do not. I did Naruto Dragon Balls like one of my favorite Akira Demon Slayer. My hero academia. Like tho those are the things that even just growing up You know. And when I got into a point of like around 20 19, 20 20 when I hit a big wall of depression that we could talk about, it's like I lost connection with who I was. But I do know that I'm a father anime lover, a writer and someone who loves to think things through And. I'm just sitting in the, in the seat watching the watching life on the screen happen. You know. So who is the rapper? Big Sean in 2024, The rapper. Big Sean is somebody who is experimenting still.


And I. Feel like I'm getting sharper and better as I go along. I feel like I'm mastering my voice more. I've been taking like vocal lessons. I feel like I'm mastering what I wanna talk about more and still accepting that I want to have fun sometimes too. And just like rap to just find different rhyme schemes. It ain't always gotta be about something. But I also love saying what's on my heart. You know. And that's why I'm excited about this album because I do have songs that explore like in depth feelings or that are very focused You know what I'm saying? And that are important. So as a rapper, I feel like I'm at a place where I'm testing my own boundaries too. I'm like exploring like, 'cause I feel like I am an amazing lyricist, And I feel like that I haven't shown The World that fully to my capabilities because of the amount of music that I don't drop or the You know the amount, how time goes so fast.


And I don't get a chance to like catch up with it. And all of a sudden, two, three years go by And I got hundreds of songs that I don't even know if they'll ever see the light of day. So You know and not to be along with the answer, but as a rapper, like I said, I'm just, I'm still figuring it out. But I'm definitely somebody who, who has a perspective and something to say You Know I asked you those, those two questions because I saw the clarity PSA and you said something in it, and I'm paraphrasing If, you are feeling stuck or you feeling you're not in alignment with who you are. That can lead to anxiety and depression and all these things that can be a big waste of your time period. And it often feels like Big Sean the rapper is not in alignment with Sean Anderson, the man and Sean Anderson.


The man is not in alignment with Big Sean the rapper. So, so what are your thoughts on yourself? That's a pretty good analysis. It's not that I'm not aligned, it's that I'm a multifaceted person. So it's kind of like the records that I do where I'm just popping shit, having fun. It's like those are, that's a part of me You know and so is You know, I know you've heard this song, but like a song I got called Break the Cycle with Charlie Wilson and a song Boundaries. Like that's a part of me too. And that's, that's the beauty of that. I like this album 'cause I split it up into four different dynamics. So to me it's the most aligned that I've ever been musically that Big Sean and Sean Anderson have been musically aligned because it's really all different aspects of myself, You know what I'm saying?


So I, I could see like from a listener standpoint how they could think that because it's like you talking about like some shit that's like not so meaningful. Like I could just be like rapping. I don't know, what's an example like shooting my shot. I gotta get in a shout out. I hit it, I'm fully committed. Like, hey, which even songs like that, like Bounce Back, I still kind of keep like a little bit of meaning to them still You know what I mean? Like even a high energy songs, like a level of motivation just because that's like rooted in me. But at the same time, I like having just fun sometimes and just talking my shit and just like freestyling and going hard as Dr.


Umar on white women, women. It just You know. It's fun to me. Still And I. I feel like I don't ever wanna lose that aspect of having fun with it. You know. I, I wanna stay on the, the Clarity PSA because yeah, I feel like that was very slept on in in in the Clarity. PSA you also say we're all probably dealing with time moving so fast and trying to keep up with our ourselves. And I agree with that. Mm. But that could be even harder if we don't even know what version of ourselves we are trying to keep up with. So in 2024, can these two versions of yourself peacefully coexist? Yeah, Absolutely. Okay. And it is a conflicting thing because when you say two versions, I think there's like 10 versions of me that You know.


I kind of like always try and align with or You know all of these different voices and parts of your soul. Like I said, I got like a multilayered personality. We all do. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I do think to answer your question, yes, absolutely. And it's, and it's coming more and more into alignment. You know And I realize that yeah, time is moving fast for all of us. So it's like you can't be sitting here thinking that that person's always gonna be here or this moment's always gonna be here. I remember even with Nipsey, like Luckily on my last album, I got, I got to get a song off with him that we had started when he was alive and then he passed away. And I still didn't finish it, but my point was I always thought I was gonna be able to finish it.


Absolutely. You know And I ran into Kobe on New Year's and he was like, man, I love your music, bro, da da da. Like we got a chance to really link and talk. And he was like, I come through and hear your new album, which was Detroit Tour at the time. I'll come through and and check it out in event You know. I'm like, hell yeah. But so I'm at the studio like, let me just, it's not ready yet. It's not ready yet. Then bam You know. You just never know what family members You know anyone who's always gonna be there. So it's like, take advantage of your time now. And that's been my biggest battle is because when I live in the moment, I, the anxiety comes from me trying to live in another moment at the same time. So it's like I realize that of course I'm overwhelmed because I'm in a moment right now. You're not even taking advantage of the full moment or appreciating it You know what I'm saying?


So I, I know, I know I keep giving these long-winded answers, but This is a long form conversation. It's fine. Alright, Cool, cool, cool. Yeah. Even even with the Nipsey thing, that wasn't all you though, 'cause like Nipsey was notorious for not finishing records. Like it would take him a while to finish a record. Yeah. From what I heard, that's just a art, that's a artist thing too. You know it's a artist thing. But, and even he hit me up like, yo, come to my video. Shoot his last video he shot And I was, he hit me up at the last minute, but I was like, damn, by the time I get there I should have just went bro. Like, and even last time I like saw him at a a event and he was like nervous about the Grammys And I was telling, he was like, man, You know what if I don't win for?


I'm like, bro, you, I was like, you got next time You know and all this. It's just like, those are kind of things that I've been realizing that is always not true. You know and that you may not always have time. So take advantage of it. You know writing a book is something I always wanted to do eventually, but I was like, no, I needed to do it right now before while I have the opportunity. That's right. You know. You know also in the Clarity video. I really like that You fuck with the Clarity video? No, I do. I do. I've been trying, I did that with such intention for people to realize how important it's to be clear and intentional and how much it affects your family and your, your crew or like breaking a cycle, You know or like doing all these things and That's why you had the circle.


Yeah. You said like happiness. Yeah, clarity. What else was it? Pressure and focus and that. I made that up. You know I drew that and just like animated it and brought it to life because that's what my life was feeling like. Yeah. Tyler, the creator says in the clarity video he says to you, rapping is your superpower. Putting words together is your superpower. But then also he says it's your greatest flaw. Right? Did he expound on that off camera and and how did you interpret his words? Well, I could have easily edited out that last part, but I wanted to keep it honest. I didn't wanna make it look like just a highlight reel for Big Sean. Right. So it's like I interpreted it. Yeah, he did build on it, but he You know sometimes I don't wanna like misquote him, but I think he meant that sometimes it's not all about the fucking raps, man.


You know sometimes it's like you can like over rap something too. Or like you could be so Lyrica over people's heads or lyrical You. know what I'm saying? But when he came to the studio, he was just like, bro, you're just You know. He was giving me so many compliments off camera like bro, like you're lyrics, you're this And I think he's an incredible too, obviously like a all around musician and rapper and lyricist and all that too. So So how did you interpret his words for you When he said rapping is your superpower, It's also your greatest flaw? I just interpret it as his opinion really. Like, I don't think it's my greatest flaw. I think it's the reason I'm here. You know.


Right, right, right. It's the reason I've been able to live the life I live. But I understood where he was coming from though. Like I see what he's saying. Like it could be, it could be interpreted a lot of ways. Like it could be like you're real good at rapping, but maybe the amount and high level that you rap at, maybe you could execute on other parts of your artistry as well. Maybe it's like take some of the focus off the rapping 'cause you're so good at it and maybe do apply it to other parts. Something like that. You know, years ago you said that making music became a burden for you. How, how long were you in that mental space and do you feel like that might have hurt your career in any way?


Yeah. Yeah. So since the beginning, let's go back to that real quick. I'm gonna get to that. When I was 11 years old, And I rapped for my mom for the first time, right? And it was like gangster rap was like the most popular You, know what I'm saying? 50 san both our neighbors sold drugs. Like my mom, my mom was kind of like a Motown parent. Like we would listen to like Stevie Wonder, Diana Ross, Isley Brothers, You know Marvin Gaye. And so I literally seen like the wildest shit happen around my house, You know what I'm saying? Coming home from school, the DEA coming out from behind the cars, pointing they guns at us, thinking we were our neighbors You. know what I'm saying? Like just wild ass shit.


Like, so when I wanted to be a rapper at 11 years old, I didn't realize like the my mom being the first person, how critical of a moment that was me rapping for her, not shutting it down. Her being like, oh you man, keep going. Like, oh, you're so good at it. You. know what I'm saying? And I. Just appreciate her for that aspect of of just accepting me and nurturing me and just going further into debt, paying for my studio sessions, driving me from Detroit to Chicago and back to work with producers. And my whole family is a family of scholars. Meaning that like they all got degrees, they all are teachers and all sorts of stuff like that. And I was the first person to say, I want to do music You.


know what I'm saying? And something a little bit different. And my mom being such a dreamer herself, she was the only one who really supported me. And I used all my college grant. Like I used all this bonds that my grandma saved up for me and spent it all on this dream that I had You know and spent it all and more. So when we talk about from 11 years old, me treating it like it was my job. I treated it like it was my job, bro. I would like press up CDs, shot my first album covering Sears and like would press up CDs. Like I treated it like it was a job and just for, 'cause it was to me, And I didn't know why. But I, I really later found out that, that it was my purpose.


And I didn't And I didn't know what a purpose was back then for real. Like I knew the word, but I didn't know the meaning of it, but it was like, it meant, it meant so much to me. So I would do things that I hated fucking doing anyway. Like I hated battle rapping. I don't have a battle rap voice. It's like I don't have like that meek mill ass Beanie Segel ass word. Word. Motherfuckers battle. Yeah. Yeah. You know I got like a thin I had, especially then when I was younger I had like a thin ass voice. So I had to make up for it by being like clever and witty and metaphorical and shit. Right? And it was just way harder for me. So anyway, I did all these things I didn't want to do because I believed in this dream so much. Right? So every, by the way, everyone's saying it's never gonna happen.


It's not gonna happen. It's not gonna happen. Your mom wasn't saying that though. My mom wasn't saying that. Yeah. Yeah. She was the one who told me, I remember one of my English teachers, I'm gonna, not gonna put her name on blast, but someone could figure it out who told me like, yo, like you got good grades, make sure you apply to college. 'cause there's music thing, like that's not even a, a reliable thing. Like you're You know you messed around throw you throw your whole life away doing this. Right? So it's like, okay, I'm telling people like, no, I'm, I got it though. You know. I, I could see it. I always could see it and feel it. I just, I knew it was gonna happen. I just didn't know how it was gonna happen. You know. And sometimes we don't have to worry about the how tos so I didn't forget it. Your question, I'm gonna get to it. So anyway, I do, I I meet ye I rap for him.


Years go by without anything happening. But I knew it was gonna happen because I was into, had just got into manifesting and reading all these books. And I saw it. I saw me being signed to good music, all this stuff. Even though he got back and was like, I'm not looking for any new artists. Like I knew it was going to happen, right? Did everything I could to make it happen and kept my relationships going anyway, we could talk about that more. But that was the first time I dealt with depression and we could dive back into that. So anyway, I finally make this happen. Do to freshmen cover all this stuff, drop these mix tapes, one mix tape, another mix tape, another mix tape. I do the BET Cipher with with good music and it You know I get a hundred thousand followers overnight.


It literally, then I work on my first album, get the first album going. The first album is successful. The second album isn't as successful. Why? Because I think I need to return back to my mixtape route. So I do a Detroit mixtape, which was fire. Then I'm doing all the cruel summer ideas as well. Like just helping behind the scenes like Mercy, click, all these different ideas that I'm literally coming up with. Plus People stole your flow Plus people stole my flow. So you didn't Even really get to eat off the, your Flow. Yeah, and the all me, the whole shut the fuck up, all of that. Right? And, I'm spreading myself thin, Paul. So it's like, then I do my album and it's like, oh, the album isn't as good as it could be.


Whatever. And, and it wasn't because I was listening to so many people saying, you gotta keep your foot on they neck. You gotta keep your foot on their neck. This is an opportunity. Like all this stuff, right? And they, they were, they're right, but I lost completely lost sense of who I was at that. So that's when it became a burden. That's when it became a burden. Gotcha. And then I dug deep because people were counting me out. And I made dark sky paradise. And to me that was like my first time where I kind of tuned it out and just like focused on me and like what I wanted to make. And that, that was one of my biggest, most successful albums. And then after that I fell back into the rhythm of everyone being like, oh shit, now you really hostile. Now you gotta stay on they neck man. So it's like, all right, shit. So I did a EP with Janae 2088.


Then I did a, another album I decided, which was like, came right on the heels of 2088. Then I did another album with Metro Blooming, which I completely freestyled And I was literally burnt the fuck out at that point. I literally was touring, burnt the fuck out, just tired on Adderall at the same time. So that completely what had my brain fried. Like I was not prescribed that shit. So my dopamine was non-existent. The dopamine that your brain naturally produces when you take synthetic drugs and anything like that. Like all sorts of drugs. It just like, I'm not saying I was taking all sorts of drugs, but I was taking Adderall, but I'm just letting You know all type of drugs do that.


It's like, it produces this artificial amount of dopamine to where you can be hyper productive but it's not sustainable and then you'll crash out. Alright. Right. And it, it ha it made me like hit a wall that it was like it was either gonna fall on me or I had to like climb over and that's when I fell back completely from everything. And that's when it was like it was hard for me to do a conference call. You know what I'm saying? Right. So that is when, from like 2018 to 2020 that I, I was just like, I was just off. I was like had the worst anxiety about posting a picture on Instagram, bro. You know. Just weird shit that you shouldn't even be thinking about so much.


And I just was, well that's what Anxiety Is. Yeah. And you Probably get more anxiety 'cause you like, yo, I prayed for all of this. I got it and I'm feeling like I don't appreciate It. Well it's confusing. Yeah, It's confusing because you're feeling like you don't appreciate it and you're feeling like, why do I feel like this when I've literally exceeded my own, my dream was to have a song on the radio and to move my mom out of the, out of the hood. So it's like everything else has been an extreme bonus. Right. So it was just was very confusing. And then I realized that I just was so outta touch with myself that I had to reconnect with myself. And I linked with like people who helped me do that. My therapist, I linked with this lady Marie Diamond who really helped me like tap in spiritually with myself and like bro, I would go like on take trips to just connect with myself and like meditate and like get spiritual and connect with God more.


And like I started working out, I started just eating better, taking care of myself and just slowly returning back to who I was. Trying things that I didn't know if I liked or like I would go to the gun range. Like, oh shit, I've jumped out of, jumped out a plane. You. know what I'm saying? Skydiving. Like I, I did a lot of things just reconnected with myself and it was, it was very, very necessary. I wanna salute to your mom too because what you explained, there's a therapist named Elliot Connie, he does solution focused therapy and he talks about the astronaut theory and it's like when your kid comes to you and your kid says, Hey I wanna be an astronaut, you don't be like, man, you ain't never gonna to space. Ain't no You know nobody gonna space. You say, oh okay, how we gonna do that?


Let's do it. Yeah, let's figure out how to do it. That's what she did for you Man. And it is just like it, it makes me emotional because it's like damn, it could have went either way. You know. And there was definitely times where I gave up faith in myself. You know another time. So we could go back a little bit just to answer the question. When that burnout happened of 2019, I was my second experience with like depression. And it made sense because there were substances involved too. When I say that like the Adderall or even alcohol, a lot of people don't realize that alcohol is a depressant. Hell yeah. So If, you got any type of mental If, you like You know any anxiety, any depression, it's not an instantaneous thing.


It could be weeks later that that shit has an effect on you. Like that You know. So anyway, we go back to when I didn't go to college, right? So let me paint that picture. I didn't go to college because I rap for ye in my junior year of high school. For people who don't know And I was a telemarketer at the time. I was like cashing my check. It's like a rap fairytale story bro. Like I didn't cash my check, got down to the radio station that I had been doing a show there for a year and a half already called the Friday Night Cipher. The Friday Night Cipher was a show where you would battle rap people. You, whoever wins the battle rap will get a rap over instrumentals on air. So I did that for a year straight. So I had all these raps You, know what I'm saying?


So by the time when ye's, promoting his album, late registration, my boy like, yo, go to the station rap for ye blah blah blah. Right? I end up downtown. I lied and said I left my phone in the, in the station. 'cause I was there the night before. They let me in. I ended up rapping for him. And I had the CD that I've been selling around school at the time. And I had a press kit, bro. I was like very prepared, overly prepared. That was JLB? No, that wasn't JLB. It was hot, hot 1 0 7. Back then it was 1 0 5 0.9. Okay, now it's Hot one. Oh Hot one. Oh it's the hot station. Okay. In Detroit. I'm tripping right now. Anyway, our rap for him as we walking out the station, he's like, yo, I don't got time. He running late. He had been there for a while.


I'm like, bro, last call my shit, blah, blah blah yo story. That's the only time I ever like cried listening to a song type shit. He's like, all right man, you gonna guilt You know, like you could rap while we walking out. I ended up rapping for like 10 minutes straight. Like we ended up stop at the, at the entrance slash exit at the station. And he's just listening to me. Right? So anyway, time goes on. He, he You know eventually I go to my senior year of high school. No word from them. But we talk. I'm talking to Don C here and there. Don C even keeping in contact. Yo, what up Big Sean? Yo, yo, we really, yo we banging that new song. You said You know, shout out my boy Don C like I do a very good Don C impression. But You know Ye was blowing up at the time so I under, I didn't understand then, but I, I understand now.


The spotty communication. You know, You know. So anyway, we finally get the word that they wanna sign. And to make a long story short, I ended up like turning down all, I graduated high school to three point like seven GPA And I turned down all the scholarships I had to Michigan State and my family is a U of M family. But I got accepted to Michigan State and had like a lot of scholarships. So I was gonna go to Michigan State. Michigan State, and all my friends go to college. I'm still at the crib where I grew up, like since I was eight years old in the same room. Right? And at first I'm like, oh shit, okay. He said he wanted to gimme a record deal. It's happening, right?


A year goes by bro. And in that year I have such a crazy deep depression because all my friends are hitting me up every couple weeks. Yo, what's up man? What's up with the music shit? Like I ain't really been hearing nothing about it. You know. I would go, my, my beautiful grandma would have Sunday dinner every Sunday and she would every Sunday, what's going on with the music baby? Like You know, it was just, it was hard bro. I still feel scarred from those times. 'cause you feel like a loser. I felt like a loser. And like the girl I was dating went to Michigan State. And I would meet when I met her family. She was like, yeah, he's a rapper. And they would be like, what? Like, okay, You know. They thought that she could do better and it was just like, it was like a test of my faith.


And You know when you, when you got that faith, you gotta walk on that invisible bridge of faith. You don't see it, but you just know it's there. Right? So anyway, man, a year goes by And I realize, okay, I gotta be productive. So all these books my mom been forcing on me. The seven Spiritual Laws of Success asking it is given by Esther and Jerry Hicks. The Four Agreements, the The Alchemist, all of these type books, Classics. I just fucking, I'm like, let me just dive into these books. I had desperation for real. And I started meditating. And I just started seeing it, bro. And then I was like, okay, I had found this list before Ira for Ye that I wrote down 'cause I was lightweight into it, but I just was busy.


You know I was a high school. In high school. And I saw this list where it said good music, number one. Number two, Rockefeller. Number three, shady records. Number four ran hustle. Number five Interscope. Like I just had a list of like, these are the top five labels that I want to be signed to. And good music was number one. And I saw that And I was like, yo, I'm on that path. It was like one of them omens that I, it was just one little thing I needed to realize. No, I, I could do this bro. I met yay and rap form and he said he wanted to sign me. So I just am manifested and visualized the paperwork coming in all this time. But in that time, bro, in that one year I was so depressed that I just wanted to give up bad And I give Up on life or just the rap.


Just on the rap. So of course you, when you depress, you always think about killing yourself. But I was, I wasn't being that dramatic then, but I just was like, okay, I'm done. You know And I. Remember I applied for community college? And I. Remember my grandma was like, yeah just apply for community college. Like it's okay. You know And I. Just remember my mom being like You know like what are you doing? You know. And it was, it was a moment dog. Alright, You know what I'm saying? But she didn't want you to go to community college. She didn't want you to give up on your dream. Yeah. She was just like, yo, what are you Do You know.


You know You got any tissue? No, That's cool. It's cool. Yeah. So anyway, bro, it just, when I say it could have went either way, it could have went either way. You know what I'm saying? So I'm just thankful that I had these guardian angels in my life. Like my mom just coming to form a any anything You know a book. Right, right, Right. You know what I'm saying? So That's why that's important. I mean, just as parents like yo, when your kids come to you with a dream, with a vision. Yeah, sure. Even If you can't see it. Just know that's God telling something to that child. So you just, our job is just to support that dream. Yeah, like so I just appreciate her being so open-minded about that bro.


And like willing to support her baby. And like she went into debt You know I would see her cry over bills and stuff. And so she wouldn't ever complain about paying for something for the studio for me though You know and still would cry about bills at night. So


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You hear more and more about identity theft in the news every day. Maybe that's because so much of your personal information is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your Social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information is vulnerable. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package. Meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft. You might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bows.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


I'm Victoria Cash And I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky land slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land, no purchase necessary. BTW Group Boyd we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


It's just, it's, it's cool because You know another story is, Was she a hip hop fan? That's something you gotta ask her. She didn't really play hip hop that much. Yeah, You know she was somebody who we would have it on like in a, on a radio and stuff. But I remember when I bought the Slim Shady lp, she was like confused like what the fuck? And she ain't even know he was from Detroit and You know, I remember I, I had her at the video shoot when I just did a song with em and she was like, you remember when we bought? I was like, yeah, I remember You know from Costco or or whatever. The thing about that though that I want to say is me and her have fell out. Me and my mom You know after all the stuff we've been through and it was definitely, it was that time where I'm talking about where I was like just burnt out.


Right? And she ended up coming out to visit me because we needed to rekindle our relationship and she wasn't about to let that happen with her baby boy, you feel me? So she came out and stay with me in October, 2019 and she was like, I'm gonna stay for the whole winter. I'll leave on your birthday in March, 2020. Wow. So March, 2020 comes around and then Covid happens. Right. So my mom was like, I'll just stay until this is over. It's probably gonna be another month or two bro. She ended up staying for almost two more years and me and her in my crib. So it's like, look At God though. Look at God. Yeah. It was like we not only did we reconnect, it was like a reconnection that's gonna last for the rest of my life now.


Like we back tight You know and we had, we have, we had not been that tight. And I don't, I don't talk to her every day or nothing like that, but me and my mom just are like, I feel like that was a blessing in disguise You know. Right. And the fact that I said like it could have gone either way. That's been like the biggest pleasure is like having her be with me and like believe in me. That's amazing. And like everyone else too. I ain't going like my dad, my brother, like everyone, everyone stepped up and and play they part And I just, I appreciate that man. So it's like when I think about my son coming to me, like I can't wait to nurture whatever he want to be, you feel me? Whether it's like a astronaut, a doctor, a scientist, he be like, y'all want to be the best manager at McDonald's.


I like whatever we gonna make you the whatever it is. Calvin, Remember Calvin, the McDonald's commercials period. Yeah, yeah. Like whatever he want to do. Like I just can't wait to support him. You Know, You know. We we here now with the new album, better Meeting You. What's the science in that title? Man? Better meeting you kind of just represents like my mentality of when you, when you have to be someone that changes your whole environment, your whole family breaks a cycle, changes the whole trajectory of your circle. It's like sometimes you gotta deal with the extra pressure, the extra weight of it all and the extra just bullshit. Right. But it's like you really gotta understand you don't gotta do it, you get to do it.


And it's a privilege when you can step up and you the one that's able to handle it You know what I'm saying? So when I, when I hold my son and when I think about that, it's like better me than you having to deal with all of these things right now. But, and sometimes that's on his mama too, but when it, when it's his time to deal with it. 'cause he is gonna come into being a man one day that he accepts the responsibility proudly of stepping up to the plate You know what I mean? And, and really high highlighting you as an individual, like I'm a better me than you could ever be. So to me this is like probably my truest album in the sense of just doing whatever I want to do You know what I mean? You, you started off with a record called Apologizing.


You sample Ray J the The Breakfast Club moment Ray J, Right? Yeah, that's right. Yeah. No, no, no, no, no. You Yeah. That moment. Yeah. And so you addressed a lot of things on that record. You know someone who seemed to be stealing from you, someone who tried to fuck your girl. Somebody that's supposed to be a big bro. You said you don't even want them to apologize. What's, what's wrong with hearing? I'm sorry Man, ain't nothing wrong with it, but an apolo an apology without a plan attached to it is a is is an empty, is an empty apology and that ain't shit. Yeah. They say the best apology is change behavior You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's like the people apologize and do the same thing for that song specifically. I kind of like put five people into one person. So it was a good write writing exercise for me because I created a character for this song and it's like five different people I made into one person and then I wrote the song as if that person existed.


You know. So These people gonna know who they are when the eighties record? Absolutely. All of them. Wow. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. All of them for sure. But I, I, a lot of people when they hear it, they be like, oh this is directly at ye it's for sure about Kanye And I. I I thought that, but then when I heard the big bro line I'm like nah. 'cause he said he was looking out for big bro and you had to pay big bro Lloyd fees. That wouldn't make no sense. That Wouldn't make no sense, man. You really was listening. Yeah. A lot of people when they hear it, they don't all the way I be wondering if people have ears sometimes at work. 'cause people just be like, even when I drop that freestyle, just having fun people like you just In Kendrick Lamar. Oh, we gonna get to that damn nigga. Like I literally said, niggas looking for engagement. Like they got they knee bent.


I got better things to do to find someone to beef with, beef with. They like, oh, he trying to beef. Yeah. I'm like, what the fuck are y'all not hearing? Yeah, I just said I got better things to do like You know what I'm saying? So I want, I I want to get to that. I want I I'm I'm this this is a multilayered interview. Yeah, Yeah. So, but yeah, about that song. Apologize, that was, that's the whole thing about it. It it is about like five different people. I manifesting into one and, and did a writing exercise. Well I was telling you You know, we was talking behind the scenes that I really like when you in your, your bag, like when you're doing stuff like break the cycle, like those self-reflective records, And I can tell Yeah, you've been doing You know your work on your Healing Journey and you express it in these records and, and on that record break the cycle.


You said Lena Wave said you was the black Brad Pitt and you said even though that's flattering, you was asking her, is this what people think of me? Like I just go from one star to another star. Like why did that bother you Run outta Constellation or it bothered me because that's not who I am for real. You know I'm not in, I'm not just hopping and but to, to her it was like, yeah nigga, you went from her to her. Her reason Jeanette. It's like, yeah, yeah, that's not, that's not cool. Like, that's not how I like planned it out. I wasn't You know what I'm saying? So I just was highlighting that. Like I told her, I actually saw her recently.


I was like, yo, I mentioned you about that situation, but it just, I didn't sit right with me. That ain't the, that ain't how I'm trying to come across You know you Want people to respect you for the art. Well not yeah, of course respect me for the art, but I also don't want people to just think like those are the only type of, first of all, the only type of women I'm into one You know what I mean? That's not, that's not how I'm trying to come across. That's The World you in though. It's The World I'm in. Yeah. It's like If. you work at a law firm, you're probably gonna end up dating a lawyer or So You know what I mean? Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah. Yeah, it makes sense in that, in that way. But I just didn't want it to be like, oh, I only like singers or I only fuck with this or there, there are a lot of people I've dated that people don't know about that have nothing to do with the music industry, that have nothing to do with anything in that world that I've kept private before You.


know what I'm saying? And I just wanna state that because Yeah, that's, that's why I felt a way about it because it's like, I, I didn't feel that was an accurate picture of me. You know. That's why I addressed that. When I heard that line and you brought up Kendrick, it made me think of a, of a line Kendrick had in, in a record that got leaked where he said, you're finally famous for who you date, not how you rhyme boy. Right. When you heard that bar, did you, did you get any rhymes prepared? And did it, did it have the same reaction that you had when Lena said that to you? All right, so yeah, well, 'cause those are two, two questions. When I first heard that, I definitely had a whole thing prepared. So let, let's, let's back this up. So I did a song called No More Interviews where I'm rapping about people rapping fast and blah blah blah.


And people like, oh, you talking about Kendrick? I'm like, well I'm not talking about anyone specifically. I'm just talking my shit. At the time there was a lot of motherfuckers rap. I'm surprised no one thought Eminem or I remember Logic was hot at the mgk You know all these other rappers that rap fast and I'm like, this nigga Kendrick don't even rap fast all the time. Like it's other people who be rapping fast all the time. But I definitely was like not running from or ducking no type smoke at all. Like, so when I heard that there might be You know some remnants of something, I did have something prepared. I'm not gonna lie. And then I ran into Dave Free in the elevator at WME and I'm like, yo, was that I I, I forgot what was It the control verse Or No, no, no.


This was way after. Okay. So me and so by the way, Kendrick has been in my house. Me and him are cool by the way. Right, right. He's invited me to his mom's house before this was like my old house. We were cooler back then. Let me say that. 'cause I'm not going to sit here and be like, we cool. I don't talk to him, but I remember, I'm just breaking down the timeline. I remember when And I dropped, I decided and bounced back and all this stuff and he dropped. He was dropping his album. Damn And I. Can't remember what Freestyle, I guess it was the Har part four, I don't Remember. Five, maybe. Something like that. And people were like, oh, he's talking about Big Sean in there.


Right? So I ran in, I ran into, I hit up Top Dog first. I'm like, yo, who you talking about? He's talking about the, he's just talking to me. He just throwing a bone out there. Right. Why You just didn't ask Kendrick? Like why not text Kendrick? Was you talking about me In his, because I didn't think I had his right number. Okay. I think I did hit him first and like, I'm like, oh, I don't have, I got top number because he had just had me come out his charity event like a year ago or something. Okay. In Watts You. know what I'm saying? So I'm thinking we like Straight You. know what I'm saying? So then nah, no, no. It wasn't about you. It wasn't about you. All right, cool. So the little shit I had, I just was like, let me, let me get outta my head. 'cause I'm thinking like it might be something. So you had A song or a verse?


I had just some ideas. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Just awesome, just to be real with you. Like I had some ideas, You know mapped out. So then Nipsey dies. Joe Bud had created this like before that Joe Bud had made this, like there's a Kendrick Big Sean Beef and to the point where I tried to ignore it, but he, he made that narrative so fucking real that I think it really did become a thing. So like punch. He Wasn't, he wasn't all the way wrong though. It was, you said there was, there might have been something in the air. Well, yeah, because I, I'm getting to the point where me and Kendrick talking. Okay. So I get to the point where I'm like, damn dude, we got something going on.


That's why I have something prepared. Right. And then when I run into Dave Free and he's like, nah bro, it ain't nothing like it's all love. He said something like that wasn't directly towards you, it was for anyone You know. Okay. So then Nipsey dies. And, I sit on a plane next to Punch. Random as hell. Mm. We're we're headed to J Cole's Festival. And he's like, you ever talk to Kendrick? And I'm like, nah, I never, I I know it ain't shit there. But no, we never really spoke then in that, around that time, like that day or maybe the day before that, or the week or day within that same time period that leaked shit happened.


It was a leaked verse. And it said what you said? Yep. I'm like, damn nigga, y'all motherfucker said it wasn't shit and it was something so you got me looking crazy. But maybe he prepared something just like the same way you was thinking. He was like, You know, let me get my nukes just in case too. Right. But the thing is, that song came out and he changed that bar. Right. So that wasn't on the song anymore. It was a leaked verse. So I had to keep that in mind 'cause I was pissed when I heard it. So then I'm like, okay, he changed that on his own. So he probably came to the conclusion that it was nothing. So then I speak, then me and him talk. And, I got the text in my phone and he's like, I might pull the text out and read it. Let's Hear it. Why not? Oh, I ain't even got my, somebody else got my phone.


Somebody grab Shawn's phone. I, I essentially Don't, don't need to misquote him. Yeah. I ain't trying to misquote shit Because I don't give a fuck that much to misquote him, nigga. And and how long ago was this? You said right after? N that? Yeah. Okay. So I mean, you could read my stuff too. You want Me to read it? No, no, no. I don't think we should read it. 'cause I think that's kind of like bitch man. But I want you to kind of like see the sentiment of it. Oh Paul. So this is me and then this is him. What up champ? Hope You know. Yes, we're in great grievance. That's Real wrongly. So in a sense, I don't wanna say it, he apologized in a sense for going that far.


You know. Yeah. For that shit coming out. Right? Yeah. So I wanted to show you that because in a sense he apologized, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So if Kendrick apologized for that literal, that same leak that I heard prematurely, right. That he didn't use, it's like, then it, then it leaks fully later. Right. And people hear it and we already discussed it and he said, appreciate the shout out on the Nipsey song. I already addressed it on the song with Nip lack of communication or wrong information for people fueled by the ego. It was like mixing flames with diesel. That's what he said to you in The No, that's what I said on the song with Nipsey. Oh, I know.


In the text it sound like he's kind of said the same thing. Yeah, That's, that's why I said it in the song because in that text he said, yo You know my ego, da da da. Yeah. So it's like when that shit leaks, it's like people are like, oh, you heard what he said about you? I'm like, nigga, I'm not a clout chasing ass nigga, bro. I'm solid. And I stand on mine. And I'm not about to do something because everyone thinks a certain thing. Like we already talked about it. I already got an apology for it. And Your, your shirt right now says, I do not care about their opinions. Yes. So why would you care about the opinions of other people if You know what it is between you and Do Exactly. And that's what it's been. You know I ain't really had too much communication with him since then and You know, but I just wanna let, like I represent a lot of people from my city, from where I come from, fans of mine who think I didn't stand on my shit.


And that's not the case. And that's what I wanna clarify. I wasn't being a bitch nigga or like tucking my tail or nothing like that. And if it was real smoke, if it was really something to stand on, I would be full front. I would be there front and center for it. And, I would be prepared You know what I'm saying? But it's not. And people wanna make something that is not. So that's something that I never really got a chance to clarify. And You know, to me it's better to, to be about business and to be authentic. And like if if there's literally not a problem there, then I'm not about to feed into no narrative. That isn't true. That I know isn't true. Yeah. Do, do you feel like the Drake and Kendrick situation, beef, whatever you wanna call it, stepped over, stepped on your return because you, because you dropped Precision.


Precision, yeah. And then like that dropped like a week later and it felt like it just drowned. No, no, no. It dropped the same day. It Was the same day. Yeah. It dropped the same day. Oh no, no. But you did drop a freestyle the week before though. Am I tripping? I dropped It like a two days before Yeah. Freestyle. Yeah. And it felt like it drowned. It felt like it drowned like that just drown that out. It did drown it out, bro. Yeah. It was like, but you gotta think about it if it's like metro booming in Future and then Kendrick addressing j Cole and Drake. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. On First person shooter, you kind of involving a whole kind of like, it's a whole thing. It's like a whole You know as opposed to me. I, I hadn't even dropped music in years bro. And I'm just like a return.


So I understood it was, I, I was surprised too. I was just like everybody else, like, oh shit. Like You know. Aren't you glad that you and Kendrick never really got into it though? 'cause that could have been you Sean. That could be what could have been me. He did drink pretty dirty. He did? Yeah. That Could have. He did. Would would you have been ready for all of that? I guess we'll never know. Yes, though, of course, of course. I would've been ready for it. You know. Well, What, what changes have you made to better me than you since the album got leaked? Well, Luckily it wasn't the album. Oh, that wasn't The album? No, it was kind of like a couple things from the album. Okay. But You know Luckily, it wasn't the, the album.


So I think whoever did that though, it was just kind like, it was just kind of fucked up to do. Like, I don't know why You know. They said, oh, you was talking shit about Ye it's like Ye was talking shit about me too You. know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So it's like what we All saw Drink Champs. Yeah. What The fuck Did, did you find out who leaked the album and and what made you have to get on Instagram live and clear up that it wasn't Kanye? Oh, nothing made me do that. Okay. I just was like on Instagram live vibing, And I saw someone in the comment or some shit and like it just popped in my head. Like I didn't have like a script ready for Instagram live, but I just don't think that ye would do some shit like that because maybe I'm giving him too much credit.


I don't know. Because it's like, I know I wouldn't do no shit like that. Like I wouldn't leak. Like I got hella Kanye songs unreleased on my hard drive. I would never 'cause ideas that I was working on or seeing if I could contribute to that, I would never leak because that's just like, that's just, just not, this is not my character. Have you spoke to him since then? Since Drink Champs? Nah, Since the, well really since the album leaked, I guess. Nah. Okay. Okay. Nah, nah, Nah, nah. How is your relationship now and can you have a relationship with a person who shitted on you the way he did on Drink Champs and he owes you $6 million? Can y'all ever have a genuine Relationship? Well, he doesn't owe me the money anymore.


It got resolved, but Oh, He paid you Somewhat Paid me. I guess it was him, but Word. Yeah, but I took a little less than I probably, I just wanted to end it instead of going to court for some shit over that You Know. What was the haircut? It was 6 million. So what was the haircut of it? Hmm? What was the haircut? How much did you end up getting? Let's see, that is none of your business. But you good though, y'all, he did pay you basically. Well, yeah, so, so the thing was, I had a issue. And I had a issue because I kept privately being like, yo, I need my money to his lawyers, to him not to not really bringing it to him so much because I know the type of guy he is.


He don't be dealing with all of the business aspect of things all the time. You know what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm doing it properly. I'm going through the proper channels management that like You know what I'm saying? And then after years go by, it's not like I was super hurting for it, but at the same time, it's like, first of all, And I don't want to get it misconstrued. Like signing into good music was the best thing that could have happened to me in that moment in my life, period. I don't take it for granted. It was a golden opportunity signing to my favorite artists at the time and being able to sell 185 million records under good music You. know what I'm saying? That was a, a dream come true. And his only profitable artist at that.


So it's like I, I wore that good music and still do, I still fuck with the, the brand and what it did for me and everything like And I. And there was a part of me that will forever fuck with Ye because of that too, for signing me You know I'll never discount that. But at the same time with the deal I signed, he made more money off of me my music than me. Which is totally fine. I'm not complaining about that. It's just a fact. People be trying to take this so much as a fact. It's just a fucking fact. So when you're owed money off of a deal that you're already getting the lesser part of it and you're hitting, I'm, I'm hitting up Def Jam 'cause I'm auditing Def Jam, Jeff Harston You know Jeff Harston.


Absolutely. I know. I'm like, yo, I need my money bro. Where the fuck is my money? 'cause I'm auditing Def Jam every time I audit Def Jam, there's money sitting there. And then when I really broke it down and they were like, oh yo, you sold 185 million records this. I'm like, wait, this don't equate right. Where's my $6 million? $6 million? No one's getting back to me, no one's getting back to me. So then I drop a record, I drop a feature on Benny to Benny to Butcher's album, And I say something about it like, niggas, that's Up BS that owe me ems. I'm talking about Def Jam. Later on I realized, oh no, your money got paid a long time ago to good music. Okay, I don't give a fuck.


Where's my money? Alright. Oh, then you gotta hit up Yay for that. Oh shit. Okay. Yay. Where's my money? Oh, oh, You know I'm not getting a straight answer from no one. So then I'm like, bro, y'all playing with my money. This is ridiculous Dog. After all of the times where I've sat in the studio, contributed not got any credit on shit. Which is, like I said, I'm not even complaining about that. It is what it is. But the point is like, I need my money that's owed to me You. know what I'm saying? So that was, that's all that was. I ended up settling because I ain't want to deal with it no more. I wanted to move past it because that shit is all a energy too. So You know and after he said what he said, and then I got back up with him after he said what he said on Drink Champ.


Oh, so y'all Y'all did Connect after Drink Champ. Yeah. And. I'm just in person phone In person. Okay. Yeah. And he said You know. He said what? He said, I'm not, I'm not into like gossip and stuff, but he said what he said and it made me realize that I can't really take, I couldn't really take all what he was saying serious. Yeah. On that, on that drink Champs Very performative. Very performative. And that's the, that's how I'm, that's like probably one of the reasons why like I feel like that's what I, I'm not, that's what he's good at and that I'm not so good at that You know because I'm like, I don't like doing things that don't feel real or like You know where You know when we were there it was like, oh yeah, make sure they get a picture of us leaving here so they can, I'm like, what nigga you saying something wild ass shit about me though You know what I mean?


Like I hate that fucking shit. I Don't like that type of shit. I don't like the type of, I don't know, like Just not, I'm the type of person I value my relationships. Yeah. So if I've ever called you a friend, if I've ever called you family, I really mean that. So If, you do something like that to me, And I would never do that to you. It's hard for me to ever look at you the same ever. Yeah. And I think he was just pissed because he felt like I chose Drake over him. That that relates back to like, I only bring that up because he brought that up to somebody who told me something. You say Drake, I'm like in 2015 talking about the song Blessings where I wrote Helped ye write his verse for the song after he heard the song was I have to be on it.


And I helped him write his verse and then I told him, you gotta turn it into the mastering plant tomorrow bro. 'cause my album is about to come out. I wake up the next, by the way, I'm doing way too much as an artist. Like I shouldn't even have to be worried about shit like this. Alright, I'm checking in like an a and r would. Hey, did he send a verse to mastering? Oh no, he still didn't. I called his engineer. Yo did he say, oh no we still, I'm like, bro, y'all bush, y'all playing. If he, if if even when he wants to be on the song, he need to send it. And we ended up doing a video version and a radio version. But for some reason he thinks because Drake didn't want him on that song. But I was like, I'm putting yay on this song anyway because yay put me on if he wants to be on the song, he's gonna be on the song.


So even though I've said that to his face, he just don't hear me or some shit. So for some reason he just, they think that I'm being unloyal or some shit. I really don't know. I can't speak for him. I, in fact, I don't like speaking for other people, but I'm just, from my perspective, it was something along those lines with that Managing rapper's Eagles is crazy. Yeah. What do you think about all of that? Or You know, I think that you should have done what was best for you in your album in that moment. I think that You know sometimes when you deal with anxiety and you deal about some depression. 'cause I deal with the same thing. We're people pleasers and we don't wanna let people down. Right? But then we're the ones that constantly end up getting let down. Like you gotta, I you gotta verse And I wanna talk about later on.


Okay. That says something like that. But yeah. Yeah. And that's true though bro. It's like I be giving a fuck too much about these people that don't give a fuck about me. About you. That's right. I don't give a fuck. Right? This nigga y don't, none. I mean, I don't know. I can't speak for 'em like I said, but it's like I be trying to protect people too much. It's like, but it is not in my character to put people's shit out there and be dirty like that. I, that ain't, that's really not who I am. And I say that with Pride You know. I don't, I don't say that. Like that's just not, that's not who I am. So especially If I'm spending all this time doing all this work on myself, And I can look at you and tell that you need to do a lot more work on yourself so you have grace for that person.


Yeah. But that don't mean that you gonna continually, continuously allow this person to shit On you. No period. No Hell no.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it's just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go, it just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine If, you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose French fries over loaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com Now Juba and live the Jumbo Life BTW group. No purchase necessary void prohibited by in terms and conditions. 18 plus.


The following is a high five Moment from high five casino.com. I won Boo Private, put down your phone. This is the Army. Sarge High five Casino is a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go by. Win three spins, cash prizes free down rewards over 1200 games. I want. Again. Platoon present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five. Casino Com. High five Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary would would prohibit to play responsibly. Condition supply. See website for details. High five Casino.


Looking back on your experiences with depression and anxiety, do you believe it had a negative impact on your career? Do you believe that everything happened exactly how it was supposed to? It gotta be how everything happened. How exactly how I was supposed to. Because if anything would've been different, it may have not led me to the moment that I'm in now. Where I got a beautiful son, I got a beautiful life. And I. I got a lot of experiences. And I got a lot of knowledge. And if things would've happened differently, who knows what it could've turned out as. But You know. I think everything happens how it's supposed to happen. For sure. Let's talk about your son On the on, on the new album, you got a song where you sample get on up, and on that record you address your son.


One of the bars that really stood out to me as I look into my son's eyes and still see his innocence, I see my inner child in him instilled the remnants. Will he lose it to The World or is it Im imminent? Or will he have the confidence that me and his mom instilled in him? So it, it made me wonder when I heard that line, I'm like, damn, are you raising your son out of fear or love? I'm raising him outta love. 1000%. Like That's a good question though, because it kind of does contemplate that. But the thing about the difference between fear is when those questions arise is the action you take on them To me. So like me recognizing that like You know, I look into my sons, I see his innocence, I see the inner, my inner child in him is still the remnants.


Will he lose it to The World? Is it imminent or is it something that me and his mama had instilled in him? And the confidence you lose, you could build again. It's like, I kind of feel like even though there is a, having a kid for me has been one of the most like scariest things. Most beautiful but scariest in a way of like, it's a new territory of new emotions that I didn't even know I could have. Like the way that I love my son and like feel connected to him in all moments and consider him and like it's, it is transformed me for the better.


And it's also like a very soft spot. It's like that. It's like I could do without anything. I can't do without him. You. know what I'm saying? So I thank God every day for his like presence and him waking up and his health and like You know I got these affirmations I say every day. And like I'm real serious about it because I really appreciate who he is and what he's here to do. You know, I think he's here to do some great things, but I definitely am raising him outta love You know. And any fear, it's not really fear, but any time where there's uncertainty, I have to trust that it, it is all gonna work out for the best You Know because You know we as we as black men, And I.


I always say this from the perspective of my father. Like I know my father raised me outta more fear than love. Just 'cause he didn't want me to make the same mistakes that he made. And he was just afraid of what The World may do to me. Yeah. So That's why, that's why I asked you. I think I, I think a lot of our parents, I think a lot of us were raised outta fear and a fear based way. And what I mean by that is like, even my dad, just like, I remember one of the things he would always say is like, man, life isn't fair. That's a belief that you're immediately passing down to your son. Like life isn't fair. This shit's hard out here. And that's his experience. But it's like You know, like, you gotta work hard. That's one thing that I'm not necessarily gonna instill in my son.


It's like I've seen my dad and my mom have two jobs, four jobs between 'em and they be broke as hell and they be like in debt. And then I've seen billionaires who work an hour a day and And I got all this money. And it's not about how hard you work. That's maybe a factor of it. That may be a part of it, but it's really about how smart you work. That's right. You know And I think that I don't wanna project anything onto my son. All I want to do is just support him, whatever he does. But I think like another one was the fear of money. Like I got, I got, I got that from my family growing up. Like we didn't have a lot of money, right? So it was like gotta, oh you gotta really be You know conservative, And I, And I. It has taught me a lot.


I talk about it on Break The Cycle with Charlie Wilson on my album. But it's the fear of of scarcity. You know, not having enough that I You know somehow. Nowadays I just kind of have an agreement with the, with God and like that no matter what I'm a I'll always be good. I always have more than enough to take care of myself and the people around me that You know I choose to take care of And. I truly believe that. H how has your relationship with, with Janae and, and being a father changed the way you approached you approach life? It, it is taught me to not, it's, it's like you have to consider more than just yourself.


And you have to You know. Janae has definitely taught me to like really make sure she kind of is, is aligned with like, one of those things that I'm aligned with is like this career, this music isn't everything now. This is everything You know what I'm saying? Like your son. Yeah. Like just that more. So, and that kind of goes into the concept that I was saying earlier about we get so caught up in like our careers being successful, all these things, right? When you really, you really, you gotta understand success is a feeling more than it is in a mount, but of something.


'cause all that's conditional, it's really a feeling. But It's subjective. It's subjective. But when you look back and You know, I, the, when I started the interview, I said, what if the, what if our point of life was really to advance our souls for real? And that You know, I'm not saying a career isn't an important part of that, your legacy, but let's not neglect that part of it. And I feel like that's what having a family and raising Noah is like makes, keeps that in perspective for me. It's like, yeah, this rap career, people can say what they say, having opinions, but You know you writing a book and all this stuff, but that's not what it's all about. You know what I mean? That's what I would've saw. That's just a, that's just a part of life.


That, and the real thing is like progressing your soul. So You know. She, she definitely is someone who thinks in a similar way, You know. But having a kid definitely makes it hard in a lot of ways to just like a newborn You know when they're younger. It, it definitely takes a lot of energy. But it's, it is rewarding though. You know. You get, you get so much from it as well. How, how important is it to have a partner that's on a healing journey like you are because Janay has been open about her mental health struggles as well.


Yeah, it is important to have. Especially like I wanna really, I'm a i these questions I'm answering honestly too. I would hope so. If you lie, you lie in other interviews you lie. Well no, I Don't, I don't, I'm just thinking it through. That's why it's kind of like sometimes I have to like think about the question question a little bit. It's like, it's always good to have someone that you could talk to. And I'm not gonna sit up and say like, we're always on the same page. Like we have a lot of, we have a lot of things to work out ourselves. You know, I'm sure like everyone, but it, it does boil down to the same, It does boil down to the same beliefs of like, she, she definitely is someone who believes in like healing and believes in and You know a lot of meditation, a lot of putting and putting it into the work You know what I'm saying?


And not really so focused on like, oh, the charts or this or that. It's like, that's one thing I really appreciate about her is that she puts like how she feels and where her heart is. And that's something that I have been doing and striving to do as well. You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's important to have that type of, just that a person like that that you can always talk to and be aligned with. You know, I Know she's on tour, so who taking care of the, taking care of Noah? She, Noah's been with her for like the first leg of the tour and yeah. So she only did the, she did it. She was gone for a month, but yeah, he was, that was his first experience on the road.


Okay. Yeah, he's been in You know they started in Detroit, like my mom and dad and brother were all spending time with him as well. So it's, it is been cool. You know I had a conversation with Tank Recently, but it was very hard for me. It was very hard for me not Oh, having a boy. Yeah man, that shit was tough. That shit was way tougher than I thought. Why didn't you go out for a couple of dates on the roll Man? 'cause I had my own commitments that I had committed to to previous, it was like I wanted to be there for the Detroit show, but I had to perform at this. I commit, I committed to this Beverly Hills cop thing and then this festival in Chicago and then these meetings and things about finishing my book and album and all sorts of stuff.


And it's just like Life. Life was life. Yeah. Yeah. You know. So unfortunately I couldn't just You know be there for that first part. But I'm definitely gonna like, make some shows and be there and yeah. See I wanna talk to you about just the music shit with Janae. 'cause I had a conversation with Tink on Breakfast Club recently and she's on tour with Janae and she was saying for her Janae is the blueprint for so many of the r and b You know girls. I, I didn't know that. I knew people liked her, but I didn't know she was looked at like, like that. So yeah, forget that being your lady. Yeah. As an artist. Do you see her like that? Yeah, I said this on like on a Coachella stage. I feel like she was, when it comes to like the arm, like the new arm, newer r and b I'm trying to figure out how to phrase that.


But like the 2000 tens, like Yeah, You know kind of like the, The summer walkers and the Oh yeah. Season seasons. Like the, she was like, she's like the prototype to me of that. Yeah. You know of like that type of style of music. The mix tapes, the You know And, I, And I. I've seen them meet Janae and say that to her. I've seen Summer Walker say that to Janae. I've seen like, I mean, not that specifically, but in that, in that realm of things. But yeah, I feel like she is a, she's definitely that blueprint and yeah, I I've heard that quite a bit. And I think that's true. Yeah. Will You two do another 2088 project?


There has been music made. Yeah. Okay. But I don't wanna speak for her You know what I'm saying? I, I saw in an interview she said that that You know that it, the door is open there and it is, but I'm gonna just leave that it's, it is definitely a possibility. And You know there is some music made for sure. Who's Stopping y'all from getting married? Are y'all already did one of those secret industry weddings? No. No. There has not been a secret industry marriage. I think that it's a, it is a, it's a little personal You know what I mean?


But just like to be real with you, just like any people who have dealt with love, we've had our ups and downs You. know what I'm saying? And I think it's still finding the right navigation through it all. I don't know if like, if to me marriage symbolizes like the best relationship You know, people would be like, oh, you gotta get married to me. I feel like having a relationship is first and foremost and like marriage is a byproduct of that And I feel like a lot of people get the idea of like, oh, you have to get married. But then it is like, to me that's almost a fear-based way of thinking too.


Because then people be getting divorced. The divorce rate's so fucking high. And I am someone who I'm not like discounting anything And. I'm not saying that we aren't gonna get married, but what I'm saying is, is that it is just, I would like to do a lot, I would like to And I don't like putting our personal business out there like that either, but there's a lot of work that needs to be done. I feel like In general, well Take it from somebody who's been with they woman for 26 years. Right. It's always gonna be ups and downs, period. The work's never gonna stop. Yeah. Especially raising kids 26 years, Been with her 26 years, got married in 2014.


Oh Shit. So you're married with 10. Wow. So it's gonna always be So and down. What took you 16 years to get married? I don't Know Exactly. It's kind of like a hard Thing. Yeah. I really don't know. I don't, IIII, I really, truly, honestly don't know. And my mind, I felt like I wasn't where I needed to be. Right. But I do, I did know this is the person I wanna be with for the rest of my life. So my mentality is, hey, I already know it's gonna be, it's, it's nothing's per no relationship is gonna be perfect all the time. So If you thinking that you gotta wait for this fairy tale magical awakening where everything gonna be all good all the time. It's just like, no, no, that's not the way life is. No, No, no. I don't think it's that.


I think that it's just seeing so many different You know, the thing about Janae is that we're so many, we have so many relationships. It's like being peers, being in a group together, parents romantic, all the You know. It's like, it's a, it is a crazy, it's a crazy connection because no matter what, we're always gonna be tied together no matter what. So I think that that doesn't discount that like she and me both have to be on the same page. Not to say we aren't, but I feel like I, I I'm, I can only speak for myself that there needs to be like more work done.


So so we could keep going because there's a lot of focus on our family. There's a lot of focus on careers and everything. And that is something that I feel like has not been the main focus. So y'all not necessarily together now y'all just figuring it out. Oh, nah, nah. Look now look at you Char. I'm just asking question. No, I'm not saying that either. That's You know. What I'm saying is, is that it's not perfect and that it needs to be work done. Right. Right. You know what I'm saying? I'm glad we having this convo though. 'cause I was, I was having a conversation with one of my young partners, man, my man rally. And he was, we was talking about you and he said he felt like you never had an identity people gravitate to.


He also felt like you never had a story that people could connect with. So even when you wrap your heart out, You know, it, it, it might not necessarily work because you lack those other things. Wow. So, so when you hear that, I'm gonna ask you again more thoughts on yourself when you hear people. I think that just comes from me not wanting to share my You know how, like some people are really good at like putting theirselves on social media, like Yeah, yeah, yeah. Cardi B is an example, right? Yeah. Or like You know people like, like Cardi was there before music though, right? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And that never was just natural to me sharing my story so much.


And, I kind of live a life where I always went against the grain when it came to like, even like from Detroit. Like being from Detroit and like not rapping the way everyone else rapped or like not rapping about even the same shit. Everyone rap You know, I, my my stepbrother got locked up 15 times. It's like I seen people die. I seen all sorts of shit, but it's like And, I, And I rap about that. But I don't rap about it from in a, in a, like I'm not a gangster rapper. Period. You know, because that's not what I wanted to portray. That's not how I felt. Even though I saw it, even though that may have been authentic to me, I just, that ain't what I was trying to put out in the universe type shit.


So I, I respect anyone decision, but at the same time, You know, I think that I'm honest, And I think that there's DNA in all of the music that I put out, and maybe people haven't listened to it all, but I've been honest with myself. I put my heart outta my music and I've like kept it real and never like fronted You know, never like faked it or like You know period. I told you earlier that I love when you be in your bag where you are rapping, And I. I can hear that you've been doing the work like, like the records, like break the cycle of boundaries, which we gonna get into like those records.


I'm like, okay, that's Sean is in his bag. Like the other stuff is you just Rapp because you, because you Nice. Yeah. And like, I can say that the other stuff is like, I still wanna do the other stuff too. I'm just having fun, like da da dah. I just like, like feeling the energy of it and, but I also, when I feel the need of like getting a message off, I attach that to it too. But sometimes I just like having fun with it. You know and people can say take that at how they want to take it, but at least I did this shit my way, man. At least I like kept it true to me. You know. So I know people always got something to say, And I, welcome that. But at the same time, You know shit.


I'm just, I'm just doing my thing. Like Right. Right. I don't really make music for it to be so picked apart when I'm doing the song. I don't be like, oh, they gonna pick this apart, like this and that and that and that. I just be doing it. Right. Right. And I just be like, oh, I like it. And then it, it, it, it, it goes how it goes. But You know. You know. We talked about precision earlier and you did that record when you had food poisoning. I heard. And, and you said, I think where I lack most as an artist is consistency. I just haven't had the energy to compete with enemies. Are y'all so called bigotry? You want to expound on that bar a little bit more? Oh yeah, just, I mean like, I just, the hunger and, and like of for competition kind of never took the precedence over like me, like working on myself and saving my life.


'cause that thing, remember I told you at that time of my life, I had to like fall back and get my shit together. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's kind of what I meant by that. So the reason you didn't have the energy to compete is because you was dealing with depression, because you was dealing with anxiety. I don't wanna say depression and anxiety. I was just care more about myself since then to like, think about that or You know. But if I have to compete, bro, I'm definitely down. Like I don't wanna make it seem like I'm not with that. But it's never really been a honest, like blatant challenge that I felt needed to be addressed. You know, like, Oh, Kendrick on control.


He kind of laid, he laid the go down for everybody on that though. But let's not forget who put control there, bro. I'm the one who put it out. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? I was the one who put the whole thing together. Did you ever think you wanted to go change your verse just to No. Okay. No, I didn't because I respected that he thought of that to name people and do all that. But let's not forget who put control out and whose song it is. Like I did that because I cared that I knew that I, when I thought about it, when I heard got the verse back, I'm like, man, that was real interesting that he chose that that perspective And I wasn't about to be like, oh, you can't do that. Like on my song, I was like, shit, he either gonna get it off here or somewhere else.


It was like, fuck it, You know, let's run it. But he he, they didn't clear the song You know what I'm saying? After it came out, And I, And I took that bullet for the culture. It didn't get cleared. You know what you mean? It didn't get cleared. Like the reason it wasn't on my album is because they didn't clear it. P Didn't clear it. Yeah. Because of all the controversy and drama that it, it amassed I assume or You know. It was already out though. So what's the That was what I'm saying. I'm like, we agreed to do the song, put it out. I'm like, put it on my album. They like, oh no You know. It was You know. I, I never really got a full explanation of why that didn't, it just never got cleared.


But it, it was, and it wasn't like I didn't clear it and shit. Yeah, Yeah. Does it, does it upset you that you aren't in the big three convo? I think I am in the big three convo. What? Big three Convo? The big three, man, you Familiar? You're not in the what you mean You know the convo is Drake, Kendrick and Cole. That's what it's always been. And I hear my name around that a lot. So Outside of the big three, I actually think it's a fantastic four because I throw future in there. Okay. But not because of lyrics, but just because of impact over the last decade plus. And then I think after that, that's when you talk about the Seans the Wale. That's why, that's why I go, Well there's only one me and there's only one Wale.


So, okay, so the big three con. So what's the question? Do you ever be upset that you're not in, in that convo? Well, shit, I hear my fucking name all, all the time when people talk about this big three stuff and like, because Even when you said you're so whoever, who'd you say your bigger three? I don't Have to. So you're so called bigger three, right? Oh, okay. So what people think of the, okay, I got what Saying Yeah. Yeah. What you think. Yeah. That's why I said you're so-called Bigger three. I You know, well The general consensus Big three. But I, but I also understand that I have been very inconsistent as a artist and my consistency is where I lack, I say that in that too. It's like I haven't put out, I put out You know I haven't put out music in four years, bro.


Essentially You know what I mean? I haven't put a, a project out. So I can't expect to be in a con in that conversation when I haven't been consistently feeding the feeding hip hop and feeding fans and feeding You know. And that's something that as an artist, it hurts because I do need to, the people who do rock and ride for me, like I want to give them reasons to be fans. And, I think that just comes with more consistency. But I think I'm at a point in my life where I can produce more, but still keeping on God's time and in my time. But You know, I, I think the way my life is going, it's like that's one of my priorities is to like put more music out with meaning too though You know with, with still that feeling of, okay, feeling good about it.


Lemme Show you how God works. Look, look what my next question was. Can you be upset by what you haven't gotten outta rap? If You know that you haven't been as consistent as the people in the big three. That's what I'm saying. So it's like I'm not delusional. Like I haven't been putting out music. So that's one of the Yeah. But I do feel like when it comes to rap and abilities that I have no limit on my rapping abilities. I feel like I can keep improving and keep getting better. And I can hang with anybody on any song. You know. I I They're not proven that. Oh Absolutely. A hundred percent With all of them. With All a hundred percent. Yeah. And even like with Control, the next song we did, I made sure I had a better verse on Holy Key.


Where, and that's just You know. That wasn't, that was just because I was like, wait, hold up. You know, I gotta like make sure I'm rep ing my shit proper right now. Remember I told you when I started this interview, I wanted people to get clarity on who Sean is. And I. Think we're doing that because I, I want to ask you like You know, that's why I keep come bringing back, bringing it back to your mental health journey. Mm. Because how do you think your mental health journey affected your positioning in the game? Whether, whether it be, how it impacted your creativity, how people perceived you, how you carried yourself. Mm. Because in this game you still gotta show up a lot of times even when you don't want to. Yeah. And it's exhausting.


It's exhausting having to show up. What was the question again? I'm sorry. How Do you feel like your mental health journey affected your positioning in the game? You know. Hmm. How does my, how did my mental health journey affect my positioning Pause in the game? I think that it hit it. This game isn't about, those are two different things, right? So it's not really a supportive thing. Like this industry in general isn't supportive of mental health in a sense.


What I mean by that is things like consistency, things like staying hot, things like being You know this and that necessarily don't always align with mental health. You know what I'm saying? And that word mental health got a stigma around it to me because it's like, I don't sit here and be like, my arm health is good today. To me it's health. Right? And. I feel like when you think about a lot of our industry, a lot of people high as fuck. That's how they deal with being, having to be so on all the time. That's right. Their high as shit. That's what Escapism Worked. That's what what I was dealing with too. I had to figure out a way to get by to, to make it through so niggas be high, niggas be drunk, niggas be off, lean off, pills off all this shit.


Right? To be able to function in this game because it's so exhausting and taxing and I'm straight up here raw dogging all my emotions and shit. I'm like fighting this shit soap. It's like, You know. Are you, are you sober or what you do you do anything You Smoke? I do, I do edibles. I do edibles. Yeah. You know. I I like, I like my tequila You know bl bl plus I experience with plant-based medic medicines. But for spiritual purposes, like I've done ayahuasca, I've done shrimps. Oh wow. Oh yeah, Absolutely. I want to hear about that. You ain't gotta talk about it. Now I've done shrooms too. I've done this shit And I. And I'm not saying I wouldn't do it, but lately I just been keeping like, I just been You know, keeping a clear mind. Especially while I'm like, especially while I was working on this book, working on it, finishing this album.


I definitely like on, there's a song on the album with me and Thundercat where I was off shrooms. We, we were all off shrooms making the album. I mean making the song black void. But I think that, to answer your question, I think that has nothing to do with my positioning in the game. To me, I think that those are two separate things. And, I'm not gonna use the excuse of mental health on why I haven't been as consistent as I could be as a artist or as I would like to be. I think that's just how it happened. But If, you but If, you You know dealing with box of depression and you don't feel like going in the studio. You, you have That's a personal problem. That's a per Yeah.


That's, or If. you don't wanna go make disappearance because You know you. You feel in a way you, you have that right to not do that either. Yeah. But all those things do affect You know Your career. Yeah. And I think that a lot of people take hiatuses and shit. You know. Yeah. I think like some people don't, but some people do. And it's just about you. You being accepting where you are with it. You know. But I think that that just shows the importance of putting yourself and to me it's important to put myself first. So yeah, I'm probably not as big as an artist as I could be or all these things.


I don't blame my mental health for it though. You know. In fact, I think that the best part of life is being able to enjoy it. And that took a lot of time for, that took a lot of effort for me to get there. You know what I'm saying?


Hybrid nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drop modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


What's up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe, it's just very seamless. It's like you clipping on your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy If I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions with would be great. Check out bulls.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


The following is a high five moment from high five. casino.com. I Won. Woo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army Sarge High five casinos a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. But win three spins, cash prizes, three down rewards over 1200 games. I want Kid Platoon present cell phone. High five five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No person necessary would, would prohibited play responsibly. Conditions, supply. See website for details. High Five casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo. Provo Lenovo,


I got a few more questions on boundaries. Another record I really enjoy. You say you gotta set boundaries because everybody wants a piece of me and now you a piece of me. No, no, no. Everyone, I gotta start saying everybody wants a part of me now I'm a piece of me. Okay. Yeah. That's still a bar. Yeah, I appreciate that. But dealing with the part of me that people hardly see You know I gotta fall back and just get organized. That's just how I remember feeling that way specifically. Literally at that point in my life. And it just, when I, when I got that loop from Key Wayne, I just was pouring my soul out. I wasn't even thinking about it. You know, And.


I think it's important for people to recognize when they're at that point in their life of like having to step back and get organized. 'cause when you do you bringing your, obviously your best self to the situation, you gonna be 10 times more productive, 10 times happier 10 times or however many times. You know you just gonna be a way better, more efficient version of yourself if as long as you sharp and your heart is in it. You know. And that's something that I didn't know if my heart was always in music, but I think I was overthinking it. It's not that it wasn't always in music, it just was I, I don't think I was all the way aligned with my heart at certain times in my life. I was too much in my head.


I was overthinking things or You know. Trying to, thinking of Ana thinking things analytically through when sometimes to me thinking is the lowest version of feeling something. Really. Life is an intuitive thing that you feel through and overthinking. It is definitely required in a lot of situations. But I feel like when you're being creative and when you're experiencing the bliss and joys of life is to feel it more so than think about it You Know Absolutely on the radar. Freestyle. Yeah. Truth to my guy gave P, you chose to rap over Aaliyah If. you, your girl only knew You know being a Detroit native.


What does, what does Aaliyah mean? Neil? I mean, yeah, people don't know. Aaliyah was from Detroit. She was like the the queen of Detroit at at that point You know because there was nobody in that nineties. R and b Really? That was like popping, like Aaliyah You know own songs with r Kelly and You know my stepbrother went to school to with Aaliyah. And. I remember us picking him up from school and being like, yo, there go Aaliyah right there. Like she was like still going to school when she first started at DSA. So it was just cool to see that You know what I'm saying?


And to see, and You know, obviously it was such a tragedy when she died, but she definitely was like, to me is a Detroit icon. Absolutely. And You know. And that's why I wanted to rap on her. I was rap. I've been rapping on J Dilla beasts too and rapping on just like things that I feel like are important to keep, like their Legacy alive. Yeah. You know what I mean? You, you, you, you referenced it earlier when you talked about the line niggas looking for engagement. Like they got they knee bent. Yeah. I got better things to do to find somebody to beef with. Everybody thought you was talking about Kendrick. My guy DJ Head said he spoke to you and he said that you wasn't talking about Kendrick. It was directed at another Gemini. So I'm just assuming Kanye.


Yeah, but that was the point I was saying like I got better things to do than to beef. Like with Kanye. Yeah. Got you. Yeah. But gotcha. Not, didn't know. I'm just like talking my shit. Really. Well that goes for anyone. I mean, it could apply to anybody. Yeah. That could apply to yay Kendrick, whoever. Like I got better things to do than find someone to beef with. I didn't say I wanna find someone to beef with. So to me it's like, who the fuck matters? Who the fuck I'm talking about? I said, I don't want, that's not where I'm going. I think the internet was gassing it up. 'cause they wanted to see, They wanna see that, they Wanna see Kendrick go at somebody else. So if Kendrick and Sean is the next one, let's, let's line it up.


Right. That's what I think was happening. I, I think people just were like, just, yeah. Just looking for engagement. Like I said in the thing, people looking for engagement, like they got their knee bent. It's like, I don't think people give a fuck about, especially these media outlets. They don't give a fuck about me. They don't give a fuck about Kendrick neither. They just looking for the, that's it. The cl You know, I'm not gonna tell say who I talk to, but one of my homies who does like hiphop journalism, he was like, bro, I made the most money I ever made from this Drake and Kendrick beef by just doing reaction videos and like talking about it. Then I have in 10 years of like doing hip hop.


Right. Who is that? Rob Markman. My guy Rob. By The way, when you say hip hop journalists, there's only two, there's only a couple of them out there. So it's like Well he is a real hip hop Journey. Oh, he one of the best. He's the best. One Of the best. Yeah, he is. If not the best. Absolutely. Yeah. Rob Markman is like that guy. So yeah, it was Rod Margaret. Yeah. And he was just saying that like, it's not about like people giving You know, man, I really be feeling weird, like talking about speaking on behalf of other people that's like, I don't know why is just not natural to me. But it's something weird. Like, I get it, but yeah.


Yeah. Who, Who, who was the rappers that got matching tattoos and why you shooting subliminals at them? Subliminal. Why? Why is it a subliminal? I, I don't, I didn't, I didn't know who you was talking about. That's why mad people asking that question. Who's the rappers that got matching tattoos? So many rappers got matching tattoos. Why They in the same crew or something? You can pull up the internet and be like rappers with matching tattoos. There's been times where I've been in a studio with like rappers that hated each other and I'd be like, y'all niggas got a matching tattoo? Like, Like on purpose. Be back. Cool. Then they'll be back Cool. Like on purpose matching tattoos. Like let's go down to the parlor together. And I. Don't Know bro. I'm not there. But what I'm saying is I see it And I was just, I wasn't necessarily throwing a subliminal at people who do that. That's people got their own lives, they their own individuals.


I was talking about the industry in general. That's why I said, let me think. What did I say right there? I said man, this industry is terrible. I can't even vouch. I seen grown men get matching tattoos for the clout. I had train wrecks and kick home records outta my house. I seen eight figure checks at once hit my account. That showed me enough fulfilling dog. It's not an amount. 'cause I've been up and still hungry. Like I'm down for the count. So to me I feel like, yeah, I mean I pointed that out, but that's not me judging. I'm just pointing out a fact. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So it's like, yeah, it's a fact that dude people, yeah, ye got matching tattoos with whoever, I don't know.


And like dude Cudi and all these type of people got matching tattoos with other rappers and shit. I seen, I seen it. I don't think it's bad. I don't even think that's wrong. I'm just pointing that out as a fact that You know that that's kind of like, is what it Is. You looking at somebody who somebody was telling you not to say something. No. Oh hell No, hell No. This is, I saw Joe button say something like this. And it's something that people feel like, it often feels like you don't stand up for how you actually feel about things. And people like, you have these moments where you might throw a jab but then you don't commit to It. Like what do he mean by that? I think he was talking about what your, what your, this is like, he feel like You know you throw these sneak thises then they ask who you talking about?


And you're like, oh, I'm not talking about nobody. And like just for me Sneak thises though. Subliminal. I say say I would call 'em subliminals. Okay. And, and it's just like for me it's, it's like If you want to be, How many rappers be saying shit like, niggas stole my flow, da da da da Da. Yeah, yeah, yeah. How many of You know be saying shit like that? Or like whatever. Everybody. All of them. Yeah. Alright. Right. Yeah. Yeah. So why the fuck is this such a thing? Do I gotta say somebody name every time I'm just talking my shit? Like do I I think they wanna see you just commit one time. Like, like, like If. you want to be in these elite rapper conversations. When have I ever not committed? That's what I'm trying to figure out. When have I ever not committed? You saw this nigga Kendrick send that text and it said he you saw the text?


Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't even want to paraphrase it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, so, so when Have I not stood up? Like when like anytime I got on a song, like I did it like, well whoever Kendrick Drake, j Cole who, who? Eminem, Jay-Z Like, yay. Like I'm trying to figure out like what, in what context do you mean? Like on control? I don't know if it was control. Hmm. Like I just think it just in general, I Think it was that leaked Kendrick verse that people are like, yo, why didn't you say anything when he said you're finally famous for who you dating? Whoever boy or whatever. He said, well Now they know why Your confidence up, but I just don't give a fuck because it's like I talk to the nigga about it.


Yeah. I'm not a clout chasing ass nigga and I'm must be solid. If it was a real issue, if he would've texted and been like, yeah nigga, no, that's what it is, then I would've been like, all right, for sure then that's what it is. And I would've had to come with my bars, but that's not the case. So if it's not, if that's not the case, then how am I doing anything but being solid. I think after people see this conversation, they'll understand the context of why you have never said anything directly. And they'll understand that maybe a lot of these subliminals that they think are for one person are necessarily for that person. Right. But I don't, I I don't, I'm also not ducking shit. I'm not trying to say that they not for anyone, anyone could get it, bro.


I'm like, that's for a fact. Anyone can't get it. And. I'm not sitting here trying to talk tough. I'm just saying like, I'm never like, I don't know what, where this fucking narrative, I think it's the lack of me not expressing or clearing or controlling my narrative. Yeah. And that's on me of like, yeah, like I I, oh yeah, he said this or that. But I've always just been solid enough to un to come to the understanding that whatever I have between that person, that's what it is. Alright. Instead of like having to clarify with everyone. But the fact that you brought it up and we sitting down like, I'm definitely down to talk about it. You know what I mean? Whatever. So you, so basically if somebody really had an issue, you'd be at their front door with it.


Nobody's ever really truly had an Issue. Only if I thought it was worth it. Okay. Only if I thought like You know If. you Are, are there, are there a list of MCs the same way you wrote down a list of labels you wanted to sign to? Are there a list of MCs you would be like, okay, I got something for this person, that person, that person. 'cause these three are worth It. Nah. 'cause I don't think like that. But I mean I'm not, there's nothing that's off limits. But you kind of also have to like, I can't just like take someone like a new artist or like as serious as like one of my peers that I came up with You. know what I'm saying? Like I feel like you at least have to sell a hundred million records. So the big three could anybody in the in the, so-called Big three can get it.


Yeah, of course they can get it bro. But it's like that's not my, that's not the point of it. That's not like, yeah they can get it just like If. you asked any of them. They would be like, yeah, he could get it if he Yeah. You know what I'm saying? If it was that's what it was. Yeah. I'm not about to be like, no. Is there still a big three after what we just saw this year? 'cause Kendrick said it. There's no big three. It's just big me has has has hip hop. I don't know About been changed, restructured, so to speak. Big Three or big Me. I, I don't know man. Like to me I never really thought it was a big three. I kind of feel like that was like a journalistic thing that got made up. I don't know who made that up.


Joe. Was it Elliot or I don't know someone. I have no idea. Yeah. I think that it's always been, It's always been like that though for years. I think that music is more expansive than it's ever been. So it's like it's so many people that can have a great fan base that it's impossible for it to just be a big three. Because you look at all of these, like you got people like even a Boogie who's like, he has his own lane and he doing arenas and all sorts of shit. And then you got people like Eminem who, when I was talking to Paul Rosenberg, he's literally the most popular he's ever been like statistically. So it's like, is Eminem in the big three?


Like Actually Jay-Z made up the big three now that I think about it. Oh, Jay-Z. He said, who's the best MCs? Biggie, Jay-Z and Nas. Oh, okay. So, so it's always been like that. Oh okay. For different eras. Oh, it's always gotta be like three. But to your point, it's never been just three because Pac could have easily have been in at that time Biggie, Jay-Z and Nas, you had to put Pac in there and and well 'cause Pac was a bigger artist. Yeah. Right. Yeah, absolutely. I would Think, I don't know man, I kind of think all that shit doesn't matter personally and not just because people be like, oh he is not in it. He thinks it doesn't matter. I just think that none of that's important I think to just put out your best music. Is Tyler the creator in a situation of the big three A, a big three? Is it like different sections of big three?


Yeah, I don't know is a, but my point being is that I think I just wanna focus on the music and not worry about my place. And if I'm on a list or not You know what I'm saying? I think that that's when you start being too analytical with it and just, just do do your shit. Do your do your art, do your express yourself You. know what I mean? So to me it's not really a focus. But I got three more questions. You got a book coming out? Yeah. Title Go Higher. Five Practices for Purpose, success and Inner Piece. What made you wanna write a self-help book as opposed to a memoir? Oh look here I have a copy of the book for you.


Thank you. Hey, I like how you took your shoes off before you walked in this bitch to it. So this is a reader's, this is like a, I mean that by the way. Yeah. Advanced Readers edition. So there might be like a typo or two. 'cause I read, I read the book, I mean I wrote the book obviously, but I read it through like three or four times in this, even on this one. I'm like, yo y'all. It's like, it's like a typo. What page is that? Anyway, you'll see. But this isn't the final, final, final version. Like it's been swept through. But this is basically, but I wanted to give it to you please man. It's actually my last, I need this Last reader's edition copy and what made me wanna write a book?


Well, so I did an interview with Jay Shetty and at the end of it he was like, you gotta write a book bro. He was like telling you, I've never said that to anyone after an interview. But he was like, there's so many people that come from where you come from that didn't have those guides and angels like your mom and these people that taught you to manifest, that taught you to live You know how to, how to figure out how to have faith, how to have a, a foundation of consciousness to, to get from point A to point B, point C, point B. Like he was like, you gotta like map that out for people that come from where you come from and that look like you that didn't have didn't have that. Right. So when he said that I always wanted to do it And I always thought it was the thing I was gonna do later in my life.


You know, like 20 years down the line You know. But I realized that You know time is is relative. Like you gotta get it, get it, get it out. You know If, you have the message. So I sat down, started it took a couple years You know what I'm saying? But I do feel like it's a, it's a, what's the right word? It's, it's a book that you could keep returning to like some of my favorites, like the four agreements, classic seven spiritual Laws, all of these things that I've read and kind of like gathered all these gems and applied what I learned from, I incorporate in the book And I talk about how I incorporate it. I talk about a lot of parts in my career and a lot of things that I've seen and just like other experiences too.


So it's, it is really, it's really helpful. I think And I think that is is gonna, I improve anyone who reads it You know. I think there's something to take away. See I, I feel like that's the next level of hip hop. Like when I look at books like this, when I look, look at albums like Mr. Morale and the Big Stepo. When I look at Jay-Z 4, 4, 4, when I hear the things that you're doing on your album to break the cycle and boundaries, that's what the next 50 years of hip hop looks like to me. Yeah. Like I heard Will Smith say one time, You know damn, 50 years is a long childhood. Wow. You know. Yeah. So, so, so imagine what the adulthood of hip hop is gonna look like. Yeah And that's, and it's like that just that mindset, right of like progression, ownership, balance.


Conversations about healing, Conversations about healing You know you talked to me about the stuff that you've experienced with your dad You know what I'm saying? I talked to or before the interview about stuff I experienced with my dad and it's just like they lived a completely different life than us. And I know you got four kids, I got one kid, And, I. Wonder what the progression of the next generation's gonna be as far as just like, first of all I, this is for my son's generation especially. It's like I wonder like what it's like growing up with these like iPhones and iPads and all this shit in your face. 'cause I feel like my generation, our generation per se, it was like the last one that like didn't have that growing up but we saw it all come about You.


know what I'm saying? So it's like I don't know how that's gonna affect him. For better or worse, And I don't know how fast the technology's gonna keep progressing. So, but my point being is that going back to our fathers You know my dad from Monroe, Louisiana grew up in probably one of the most racist setback places back then when he grew up to where you get your ass beat If you on the wrong side of the train tracks. And he, he grew up in an abusive household and he had a stuttering problem. And I really think that that was tied to that and he ended up working through speech therapy and getting rid of his stutter, which I really admire him for. I think he's, a lot of people can't do that. But I think that the trauma that he has had in his life has been something that I've had to heal in my life.


These things get passed down. Just like how, oh like the way I wink You know my kid or You know my son, my daughter wink like that. Or like, oh he's his smile or You know all these traits that we pass on. Oh I have a mark like that. Or all these things. Right? It's like you pass on the trauma too. You pass on the the work you haven't done yourself. Absolutely. So I think that that's like the fact that we are being more conscious of that, that's the importance of working on you. So that's something I do talk about in my book too, but that's the importance not just, and for the people who have kids it's like, oh I don't have to work on myself. No. It's like when you see how interconnected the whole planet is, how we all connected. That's right. Even when you on the freeway, like when we leave here and we go on the freeway, we see we're gonna see like everyone working and like being in synchronization and that's one of the most basic levels of realizing that we're all really connected and aligned in a sense.


So when you do work on yourself, it's a chain reaction that spreads way more than you could You know to me at least that you could imagine. And that that that's what I believe. For real. How has the work and finally recognizing your own value influenced the way you currently navigate your career versus how you did in the past. It kind of just is a constant check-in with myself, And I kind of just have to like reaffirm and like have to like say what I'm comfortable with, what I'm not comfortable with, what I want to do, what I don't want to do. And really just be clear about the artist you want to be or what you wanna put out there.


And I. Don't know if that means like I know that I'm the most successful I've ever been and when I say successful it's like the most happy I've ever been when it comes to like being an artist. And That's what success Is though. That's what success is, is Happiness. Yeah. And. I do be stressed out. Like I said when we started, I do be feeling overwhelmed 'cause I do try and do all I can but You know that that that is what it is. But I do feel like You know the career. I do put in perspective my career and like what I'm comfortable with and what I'm not. As opposed to like just doing everything like I used to.


My last question, for people that's watching listening, how do You know when you've gotten to a point of clarity? How do You know you got into a point of clarity is, man, that's a great feeling. It's a feeling of inspiration and it's a feeling of, I don't know, to me I feel like I feel unstoppable. I feel like anything that's on my heart is possible. And. I don't always feel like that. Clarity isn't something that is a constant thing.


It's something that, that's why when I made those graphs for the album better me than You, it's like, it's a constant journey that goes from pressure to clarity, to focus to happiness. Because You know you, you get the pressure, or I'm sorry, pressure, focus, clarity, happiness. You get the pressure and you get that pressure on and then you focus and then you're able to find some clarity and that is, and then you find that happiness You know. So to me when I'm in the state of clarity, I feel all is possible. I feel all is welcomed. And, I feel that it's like an endless, it's like a, it's like a endless possibilities of a field of infinite opportunities You.


know what I mean? And that's, that's an exciting feeling when I'm thinking. In fact, you asking that has kind of like given me that feeling now I've been like, I locked onto that vibrationally just now and it's like a awesome feeling. So I appreciate you asking that question. Thank you for your time. My brother better me than you out what August? Well I just pushed the motherfucking day back. You Pushed it back? Oh My. It was supposed to be August 9th, but I'm gonna do later on in August. It's just the, the only reason I pushed it back is because I'm like, DJ Premier hit me like, yo, these scratches on this song aren't loud enough and all You know stuff like that to where I'm like, look, just get the shit right all the way word You know I'm not about to be trying to replace stuff when it's out and stuff.


Just, even if it's just a couple weeks, like just get it all the way locked in. Mix is right, master's, right mixed by Ali, me and Ali going back and forth on some mixes. Not all the way, the Master is not So You know. It's probably gonna be a couple weeks after, but it's all good. My brother. Thank you. No, thank you. A great conversation. Appreciate you King conversation. Yeah.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or MBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If, you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Oh One you woo private, put down your phone. This is the Army SART High five casinos a social casino. It's on your phone, goes Wherever you go. I win three spins, cash prizes. Three daily rewards over 1200 games I want. Again, platoon present cell phone high five five five. Casino. Casino, win at high five. Casino com High five. Casino was a social casino. No necessary prohibit to play responsibility conditions. See website Detailss High five Casino.