
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mg m's. Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score. Second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score with be MG m's. Second Chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Reward vary. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


CTG, take one. Set. You ready? Hello baby. How You doing? How you doing? How you Feeling, brother? Pretty good man, man, congratulations. You just turned 30 a few weeks ago, man. Yes sir. Getting up Now. You feel like the old head now? Sure. Thousand percent. What, what what you think what, what, what's, what's the difference between turning 30 and You know, growing up in your twenties? It's crazy that it might seem like it, but even when you 29 it don't feel like the same as 30. It is just something about when you turn 30 motherfucker like a steep hill, You feel like you got more responsibility now.


Even though I got the same responsibilities I've been, it's just like, it's just something about them. Twenties kind of give you a little leeway. Right? Seem like when you turn 30 there ain't no more leeway. What you think made you grow up faster? The streets of the industry. I have to say both. You know what I'm saying? And its own way, You know what I'm saying? The instrument made me grow up faster, like in like the real world, but I had to still grow up faster in the streets, You know what I'm saying? Being young kid doing grown man stuff. So it's like both parts. What, what's, what's manhood look like to you at this point in your life? Manhood and leadership. Because that's one thing I loved about your documentary, it was like, yo, you could tell you was a leader from the beginning.


Manhood to me now is like owning stuff or working towards owning to make sure like you and your family good forever or trying to make sure you and your family good forever Is is it true that your father left when you was just two years old? Yeah, something like that. I ain't gonna say left, but my mama, I, I live single parent, You know what I'm saying? I know my dad side of the family well though, You know what I'm saying? But it was just your mom and your, your your two sisters. Yeah. So you were kind of required to be the man of the house early right Before Definitely certain aspects, but like you saying like you grow up fast though, You know what I'm saying? So even when you do see stuff that you ain't used to, you gotta like get with of it quick.


How does, how does that experience impact the way you show up as a father? I, number one, I don't want my kids to live life. I live no sort of kind of way, You know? And they won't be the kind of life I live. Does being a celebrity make it hard for you to be a hands-on father? Definitely. I can't be there as much as I want to be, You know what I'm saying? We can't do like the regular stuff and normally we still try to do like regular shit with normal people do. But like for the most part I'm always gone, You know what I'm saying? If I do see 'em, it's for a couple days, they just not really getting settled, then they gotta go again. So it's definitely here. So I advise people to just wait. You say you advise what? I advise people to wait and you got like a career like mine, You know what I'm saying?


Oh, to Have kids? Yeah. Word. Yeah. How long would you wait? Even if 30 is, You know what I'm saying, like get through your twenties, kind of go through that lifestyle and kind of get away from all that. So you don't even gotta do it later on. You know what I'm saying? Going and like get it out your system. That's how I feel. How strong is it to have a a, I mean, how how good is it to have a real strong support system? Like, You know, to have the right mother and your children and all of that? I Mean everything to me. Definitely. 'cause You know what I'm saying, take a village to raise a family, You know what I'm saying? Or a kid. So yeah, everybody here put matters. You know it to me, man, I was, I was talking to p earlier man And I was saying that it, I feel like the internet wants you to fall off so bad.


It just seemed like overnight little, they had a, a little baby fell off campaign. Where, where do you think that came from? I don't even care really. I be seeing shit like that, but far as like where it came from And I, I don't mean that's how I get by, You know, I don't even get into shit like that. You know? I feel like they don't want you to grow. I feel like, You know, after the bigger picture, everybody saw a little baby in a different light and they wanted, they wanted more of that, but then they wanted you to do the street shit too. Yeah. It is like a, it is like a giving a take. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? To the point where I kind of understand it. And what I mean by that is like, I ain't like, I really didn't ever take them with me to transition, You know what I'm saying?


So like a transition. I don't expect certain people though certain fans to catch up to it. Like, You know, sometimes you gotta like dumb it down. How, how do you take 'em through the transition though? Do you do it through like interviews? Do you do it through music or do you That's that's the part I'm learning right now, You know what I'm saying? Like that's what I'm trying to ash and just giving that fan experience, You know what I'm saying? Because of course whatever I'm doing as I'm doing it, I know what I'm doing. I know I'm changing. But if I just drop a song or if I just do something, you don't know what I done went through. You don't know to change it. So I can't even expect you to be up to speed like what I'm on. So I had to start looking for at it from that aspect. The tricky shit about that though is if if they, they want you to be in the street, but then when you crash out they call you stupid.


Yeah. So I ain't gonna get, so I always knew I wasn't gonna get up, get caught up in that. I'd rather sit it out or I goddamn be involved in that. You know what I'm Saying? I saw you post you, you posted that the last couple of years you've been struggling life-wise, maybe even mentally. So, so where you at now? I'm in a better state, but like still, and then when I say stuff like that, I don't even usually say stuff like that, but I mean like, far as like that type of shit, You know what I'm saying? That's like a big transition in your head for you to go from like where I went to like where I'm trying to go and it was like at a turning point in the last two years from being this nigga from the hood in the streets or whatever to trying to, You know what I'm saying, actually go the right path, You know what I'm saying?


That's like a real mind boggling thing. What was it for you? Was it a, was it a dollar amount you saw? Was it the, the company you was keeping? Like what made you realize Like I got Yeah, A little bit, A little bit of everything. Okay. You know, know what I'm saying? Even just to, I always like, even when I was doing shit, I always lived like I don't got nothing to lose. Like now I got so much to lose. It's, it is not the same no more. What what what you been going through though? Like, like what, what have you been going through that made you kind of like just fall back a little bit? I'm saying everything. Like people like get in trouble around you. You start seeing people don't really love you for real or people might be just coming and do the craziest things to get a few dollars at you.


You starting to, like at first when you, when you first going through it, it's all new so it's like a birth to you, then you kind of start catching on. Then after a while you like, damn I see what's really going on. Is this why we haven't gotten a lot of music outta you over the last few years? Definitely, because I, I rap about like, I, I ain't really no writer, You know, I freestyle so it's like all in my head, You know what I'm saying? So in my head I ain't in the mental space. Right. Mental space. I ain't gonna be able like just rap like that. Do you feel like musically you're vulnerable enough? That's one of the critiques I hear a lot Jason Not learning what that all that shit mean. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. From the way I've been explained, maybe not, You know what I'm saying?


I can understand why that was more what I was just saying. Like if you don't take them on a journey, they kind of be kinda lost a little bit. They don't even really know the aspect of you saying something, doing something. Because when I talk to people, they tell me that they want to hear more pain in little baby's music and it it sounds like behind the scenes you going through that. Yeah. But you just not putting it in the music. Yeah, Because 'cause I had to learn how to like translate what I actually going through into the music. You know what I'm saying? When the goddamn music, the reason why a nigga even going through this shit, feel me? They, they want to hear more emotionally scarred I think Shit like that. Yeah. Are those records hard for you to make? Nah, I don make it super easy.


You just don't want to expose yourself In certain ways, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And not that I don't want to, it's just I'm accustomed to not doing it, You know what I'm saying? So that's like, You know, you getting your feelings every now and then. They ain't just always in they feelings, You know? You think that's like the, the protective instinct that you just carry with yourself from being in the street. Like if you show too much of yourself, you might be fool to people. That's when the wolves come out for Sure. But you artist now though, so it's balance. Yeah. So it's like that's the transition of the mental state I had to go through to, to get unprogrammed and reprogrammed. I think after bigger picture, people expected you to evolve into a more mature artist and, and just make music that reflected like more of the pain you may be feeling.


Is, is that what you were looking to do with 5:00 AM and and Insecurities? Nah, I'm, I'm looking to do that with like the Dominique album. Right? Okay. I'm dropping an album First call. Like wham wham. That's kind of like trying to lead them up into that versus just like jumping into it. What, what is wham, wham gonna be more street music or? Yes, in a sense, but I still put like some of the songs. Okay. That would go on the Dominique album on Wham. 'cause I ain't want 'em to just wait for long. And I know, like you saying, I got a core audience for like those emotionally scar type songs and those pain type songs. So Dominique is gonna be like personal, like Yeah, More personal. Yeah. Does that scare you?


Not no more, but like that's the part of the two years what I've been going through and shit like that. You know what I'm saying? So I already then kind of went through the scary part. You say on one of the records now you say can't be vulnerable who I'm gonna talk to when I'm going through it. Right? You can afford therapy, Lil Baby, all that money you making. I Ain't, I ain't no firm believer in therapy. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Have you tried it or? Yeah, I mean I haven't tried it personally, but in a sense I have, You know what I'm saying? I got people who I talk to, You know, I'm saying who would play as a therapist but I feel like everybody like regular people so it ain't too much a therapist can really do for you and just like have an open ear, but you being like a celebrity and all that, it get weird.


You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like who, who does the go-to guy go to? You get what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's why I never, I always been like, I ain't saying I'm against every, but I don't even cross my mind though. Who do you talk to? Certain people about certain stuff? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I know I can talk to him about this, I might can talk to her about this. Like certain people, certain stuff. Another line you say how you managed to get everything you wanted but still ain't happy right? Because it's like more money, more problems, You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? So it's like you would think once you get everything outta this you'll be like happy oh boy, here goes something else. Like, but it is a part of learning how life go. You know what I'm saying? Ain't gonna never stop. Are you happy now? I ain't happy as I want to be, but I'm in a happy state though.


You know what I'm saying? What makes Lil Baby happy at this point in his life? That's How I know I ain't happy as I want to be. 'cause I don't know. Damn. I mean your kids. Yeah, definitely like joyful for them, You know what I'm saying? Is all of this what you thought it was going to be like the, just the success that you would achieve? I ain't never know what it could be, so I ain't think of nothing. You know what I'm saying? Like I ain't never had a, a imagination for it. So you never dreamed of this at all? Nah. So, so when you was in the street and then you started rapping, you even just looking around Atlanta and looking at all the successful artists? I know how like big was, but I ain't know how, like what really big was, You know, I ain't really never know nothing about the real music industry and like, I couldn't think I could get be worth what I'm worth now reach the levels I, I ain't even know that really existed.


I ain't know nothing about like platinum and, and gold and album sales and being the new thing screams And I ain't never know nothing about that. So even me saying like I knew I was gonna be big or I, I couldn't even, I wouldn't even know what that was to even think that. Yeah. What do you, what do you think it is about Atlanta that makes like dudes from the street become like these international superstars? Like what is it about Atlanta? I just feel like, You know, hip hop was already like, based off in the streets and it all started from like the streets. So it's just Atlanta's one of those street places the same way where they're everywhere. You know what I'm saying? But I just feel like the swag and the tone in Atlanta got make it more successful then a lot of other places.


What don't you like about the game? They shoot 'em up, bang, bang, every word, every bar. Shit. I don't like that. You feel like you always gotta watch your back? Nah, nah, it just, it just creates a, a target on everybody, You know what I'm saying? And that ain't what we supposed to be in it for. Well I ain't, You know what I'm saying? I, I, I forgot what record it was. But you said you got all of this, it's basically PTSD from all of the, all of the shootouts and stuff that you've been Right. Did you think that once you got in the industry, like that would kind of go away? Like you kind of escaped that?


Yeah, but it's crazy 'cause it's like, that's what I was telling people. You you, you put yourself on a bigger scale now that you in the industry, You know what I'm saying? I ain't even have problems when I, before I was a rapper, You know what I'm saying? The more you get bigger though, you get bigger than everybody though. I just, the fans, not just the girls, not just the kids, everybody included, You know what I'm saying? Was it a hard transition for you or are are is it still Yeah, I'm like almost all the way. I didn't transition all the way. Like I would never leave Atlanta, You know what I'm saying? I live in a whole nother state, so I didn't transition all the way, but it's still at times where, You know what I'm saying? It's like it'll fuck with you a little bit. Wh where'd you get the name? Wham. I know I stand for who Hearted than me.


But where'd you get that name From? From like, wham, wham, wham Bitch on the baby. One of my guys just started calling me Wham and everybody started calling me Wham. I saw Thug said Thug said what, what Wham says goes then you put it up on, on Billboards. What, what did that post mean to you? Did you, did you speak to Thug a lot when he got locked up? Yeah, definitely. His dad or his dad said that he got at you once for not going to thug's court dates. He dad didn't say anything You, that's how you felt about that? Yeah, for sure. What's what's the relationship with you, with you and Thug now? I know he's on the new album, Got good relationship, same relationship we been here.


Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? Is it, is it hard to make music because he's under so much scrutiny And I know the lawyers probably looking. Yeah, it's crazy. He's super talented, You know what I'm saying? So really like he do it with ease. When, when, when, when you said what wham says goals, what did, what did you say or what did you want to say? Like what? It wasn't even like literally that, You know what I'm saying? It was like a little insider. Yeah. Right. What's the relationship with you and Gunner right now? I don't got no relationship. You know The internet says, the internet says you can't, you can't make hits without gunna.


So do you think y'all ever make music again? The internet will say anything. You know how many hits I got? Absolutely. So I don't even make sense. You know? How much do you pay attention to the internet? Man? Like I only see what I gotta see. Alright. You know what I'm saying? And I try my best to just keep going from shit like that. I don't feed into that. I don't read comments and all that. Some shit just be the headline. You gotta see it, You know what I'm saying? But for the most part I don't even get into shit like that. I know, I know. Thug says what Wham says goes, but if Thug says, Hey I'm gonna get in the studio, I'm gonna make some music with Gunna baby, I want you to participate, would you?


I don't see that happening. Nah, I'm just saying like, I don't want you to participate. I don't know what nobody else would do. You know what I'm saying? But, but just far as me, You know what I'm saying? You dropped the, the three 50 record and you said ain't never saying nothing about it, nigga. You know you was a rat and everybody thought you was talking about Nah, but everybody, this is just the internet. Where they gonna create, I talk about rats and every song I had since I started rapping. Alright. So now, You know, be like, they just create a narrative and go out. I don't even be talking about a nigga, so whoever a rat, You know what I'm saying? What's your relationship with qc? Because I know you just started your own label, right?


I I started my own label, but I ain't signing my own label, You know what I'm saying? Like I'm still signing qc. So you still, you you have sold you with qc, the general with, was it Glass Windows Entertainment? Yeah. You changed your name from from four pf Why, why did you change the type change the name. I ain't changing the name. It's just a whole new company. Okay. Yeah. So four pf still, still exists. Yeah,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Football fans picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone. With BET M GM's second chance promotion, you'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With Betham GM's second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today be MGM and Game Central remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards vary. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults, You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


For many of us the holiday season means more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more of your personal information in more places you can't control. It only takes one innocent mistake. Even if it's not your mistake to expose you to identity theft. Not to worry. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second and alerts you to threats you could miss by yourself. Even if you keep an eye on your bank and credit card statements. If your identity is stolen, your own US-based restoration specialist will fix it guaranteed. The last thing you want to do this holiday season is face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft all alone. Gift yourself the peace of mind that comes with LifeLock and spend more time doing more of the holiday things you love. Visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart. LifeLock for the threats you can't control.


The Other day a friend started telling me about their New Year's resolutions And I said Whoa, it's kind of early, don't you think? And they said, not for me. 'cause if I know my resolution plan now I can enjoy the holidays knowing how I'm gonna get everything back under control. And that got me thinking. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. What if I made you an offer so good that you'd be all set with a proven fitness and nutrition plan to start the new year. But you need to sign up by Christmas. It's called the New Year's Jumpstart Sale. You'll save 72% on an annual subscription to the Body Library of 130 proven step-by-step programs like 21 Day Fix and P 90 x plus our easy to follow nutrition plans. And check this out. When you sign up today, you have a chance to win $10,000 every time you log a workout in December and January. But this offer ends Christmas Day. So get a jumpstart with a great deal on body proven fitness and nutrition plans. But you need to sign up now@body.com. That's BOD i.com.


What was your reaction when you heard Kendrick mention you and not like us? You said Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up and and reference to Drake. What'd you think when you heard that? I ain't really into like that side of hip hop, so I don't really, You know, You know, But you and Drake always had a good relationship. I relationship Drake helped you a lot. Relationship, great relationship. Yeah. So You know, you kind of, it is just with any situation, like if you and him was arguing, why the hell you gonna say? But You know, Like don't bring you in it. I don't wanna be having nothing to do with it. I got, I be having, not saying whatever they got going on ain't real or nothing. But I be like, I feel like to me like rapping shit be my work. You know what I'm saying?


It's like I don't, I don't want that type of shit at work. You know what I'm saying? That's what like even you saying like what's your relationship with gun? I ain't, I ain't hearing it. I ain't in it for that type of shit. You know what I'm saying? I ain't on that. Well I brought that up. Just, just just 'cause of the music. Right, the music aspect of it. 'cause You know, people, y'all, y'all made hits together and some people want that again. Right, right. But you don't think that's gonna happen. One thing I loved about your documentary man is it just shows, You know, how much you mean to this, to the city, city of Atlanta. So when you have a city that loves you that much, do you ever feel like you can just completely, completely let, let it go?


Like the street, the street aspect of it. 'cause you can't, you, you can't be that person no More. It's, it's, it, it's just like, it's different aspects of it. You know what I'm saying? I still could be that person who donate millions to the neighborhood. You hear what I'm saying? But that don't mean I gotta be hanging in the neighborhood, You know what I'm saying? So it's like I'm still feeding in the streets one way or the other. You know what I'm saying? It's just I got a different way of going about it now. Do you think it's a culture shock when they see you like out with the Michael Rubins of The World? Yeah, for sure. It's a culture shock. But that's more like me being vulnerable. Like you couldn't even imagine the type of shit we be on. You know what I'm saying? I don't just hang with people. I ain't one of them because you got this that I, I'm a whole man, You know what I'm saying?


He actually give a nigga gang, he really have like real conversations. You can like talk to somebody on a high level about like questions that we don't be knowing. You know what I'm saying? They be knowing that shit. And I think what the streets don't understand is when you got relationships with people, the Streets in the internet ain't the same. So you be you saying what the internet saying they ain't the streets. You know what I'm saying? Them two different things. That is, that's that is very true. That is very true. But so what the internet don't understand is when you around people like that, you getting gain probably getting more money and that you're able to give back to the streets even more. I Can turn all the rest of these niggas onto it like, look, this is how we do it. That's right. You know what I'm saying? But I understand that like the internet won't know that And I I also don't break it down for them to know that either.


You know what I'm saying? So I take it with a grain of salt. It like, I, I can see why they'll say that. 'cause I already know I have to dumb it all the way down for them to even understand. You gotta be a cold motherfucker to peep the shit I be doing. You know what I'm saying? On the, on just far as a naked eye. I ain't telling you, You know what I'm saying? I Don't understand why they just don't, they don't respect actions, You know what I mean? Like They don't see it, they don't, You know, you gotta dumb it down. You gotta say it what it is. And if you don't do that directly, they go up whatever they seen directly. Do you, do you feel like you gotta tell 'em every single thing you do for the hood though? Like, hey, I don't even tell them. I do the most, I do the most, the most, most. I don't got a PR team behind it. No nothing. No, never.


I, I really the most millions a year. How do you, how do you handle raising a, a son and co-parenting with somebody who's also a public figure? That's kind of hard. You know what I'm saying? Definitely because it's like you always be attached to that person. You know what I'm saying? Even if even it is just in today's time, the other person don't even have to be in the lime. Like they gonna automatically be if I had a child with them. You know what I'm saying? So that's like something I'm gonna have to battle no matter what. In a sense How, how you been able to keep your personal life private? You know, I just don't go on the internet about it. Shit. It is like easy to me.


Like I don't even need like, 'cause I don't look at the internet as like my fans and all at the internet, like the whole world. It's like certain shit. I'm just not going to voluntarily tell the whole world for nothing. Or like, I can't get validation from like comments and that type of stuff. I don't function like that. You you do realize though, the internet just be fucking with you 'cause you're successful. Yeah, I don't get into it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because I know you can't beat the internet. They'll say sky green, they'll keep coming all day. That's right. Like so I ain't, I don't really too tough get into missing there because It'll fuck you up mentally. Definitely because they'll say one thing on the internet, but then you go and perform in front of 30,000 people and everybody's singing your music word for word.


So who you supposed to listen to? That's the, that's the only thing you gotta know what to weave in, what to weave out. Sometimes the comments could be correct, You know what I'm saying? Sometimes shit people be saying could be correct, You know what I'm saying? So you gotta kind of go for what you feel or get your team around you who can help you in those aspirations. You know what I'm saying? What do you feel right now you should be doing in the studio? Just musically? Like if you didn't have to listen to nobody, You know, not the streets, not the internet. Just what little baby Was. I don't listen to nobody now. Okay. Nobody. And I still listen to what people gotta say just to see what they say. You know what I'm saying? But once you listen to and you get 10 different opinions from 10 different people, it is like you go away and got your hair.


You know what I'm saying? The more successful you got. Do you feel like you got a, a greater sense of responsibility? Definitely. Thousand percent. Do you feel, feel, feel pressure to just release music because of the high demand that people have for lil baby? They always pre, they always want little do little baby music. It is like a good problem to have. I don't feeling no pressure though. But then when you take a couple of years off, that's when they start. Oh, he fell off. He fell off. He fell off. It is what it is. You know what I'm saying? That's how I really go about it. Like total honesty. You said that in in in the record in a minute. You said blood, sweat and tears come with each check. It ain't nowhere easy.


So what's been the hardest part of your career so far? Shit, everything from just starting this career, You know what I'm saying? I jumped into the career kinda like big, You know what I'm saying? So I had to adapt from behind. It ain't like I grinded for five years then got a hit. You know what I'm saying? I had grinded for five days and got a hit. So now I gotta adjust to goddamn this whole new lifestyle shit. I really know nothing about. You talking about just like as far as being everything a multimillionaire. Yeah, yeah, yeah. God damn. I already had a lifestyle. I like having money. So that was the only good thing with just period, people knowing you, people taking pictures of you, You know, you can't go this way in public.


Like you hear yourself, you seeing yourself everywhere, You know what I'm saying? Like it's, it's a super big drastic chain, But now it's business that's, I guess that's what you're trying to show people. Like I'm doing business now real. I was doing business the whole time. Okay. You know what I'm saying? And I love for my fans. We relate to it but it's still the business aspect of it. You know what I'm saying? I wonder if they would even understand They wouldn't. That's why I don't try to press it too hard. I understand that they wouldn't, You know what I'm saying? Is there certain things you want them to know though? Like as far as your business is concerned, like I really want y'all to know I'm doing this and if y'all knew what I was doing, y'all would understand what I always tell the guys and shit. 'cause they want me to, they always want me to like clear this up or like, hell no say this.


I feel like when a day right for them to know they gonna know. And then I'm still gonna look like the best in The World. Like damn the whole town you coulda easily just told us. You know what I'm saying? But I'd rather just one day you gonna see it's inevitable. Who are your OGs in the game right now? Like, like and what's, what's some of the most important lessons you learning from 'em? Like, like in the game On any level, just any OGs around you. Whether it could be p Michael Rub, anybody I keep, I keep OGs. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like I ain't never, that's how my name, I got a little baby name from being a little boy hanging with all the grown men, You know what I'm saying? So I got five to 10 people call my phone every day from old niggas who own a hundred million dollars real estate.


Never been nowhere on the scene. Niggas who rap games switch beats, You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I don, I'm always have a open hair, You know what I'm saying? I want to listen, You know what I'm saying? I like having a, a big homie or somebody who I can call and get the game from. You know what I'm saying? Do they understand because I mean it's, it's it's, you're still your little baby, the artist. So you might have OGs who do things business wise, but do they understand what you going through as an artist? Like who are the people that you talk to from that perspective? From that Perspective? Yeah. I don't really talk to nobody like that 'cause I don't really know nobody but You know, people like Young Thug, You know what I'm saying? That like, I could talk to him about stuff like that because I ain't really even cool with rappers to even really just talk to a nigga.


You know what I'm saying? I mean, you and Thug go back. We saw that in the documentary how he's, he would pay you to stay out the street 'cause he just believed in you. Right. Did he believe in, did he believe in you as a rapper or just a person? Like he just, I honestly believe is just a person and if I was gonna rap then that's what like just the whole everything. 'cause it wasn't even more so like songs. 'cause it ain't like you heard me rap No. Hell of a time I rap two, three songs. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it can't be like, bro, your bars immaculate. You gotta be like what you see as me as a person. How did that, that time influence not just the way you, you saw Thug, but the way you saw yourself. Because when people see things in you that, that you don't normally see in yourself, like you just start showing up for yourself different.


Definitely. You, if you get a little with you eventually try to feed off of her. Is that one he's one of the closest people to you? Yeah. Different, You know, you credited a, a, a long conversation with with little Marlow rest in peace for being the turning point that made you take rap serious. So So how did that impact you? Not not, not take rap. Serious rap period. Just rap Period. You know what I'm saying? Like I get to go to the studio, you like man we need to make a song. You know what I'm saying? Made a song. Does the fact that he believed in you, does that remain one of the driving forces?


And what keeps you even going now? Like And now it's so much gimme me driving forces. You know what I'm saying? It's like I done devoted my whole life to this now. 'cause it's like I can't go back to being a regular person no matter what. You know what I'm saying? Even if I was a regular, I still wouldn't be a regular person. So that's the drive right there, You know what I'm saying? And like, I always wanna leave a legacy. Like I don't wanna never be a, used to be a coulda been, You know what I'm saying? People don't talk about that enough man. They don't talk about how like, You know when you got people that believe in you in a real way, whether it's thug, whether it's Marlo, It, sport is a whole lot. Yeah. It make a big difference in everything. You don't even gotta just be music. And when you got people who believe in you, you a little, a little dry.


Who do you believe in right now? Because you got your, your label. What, who do you believe in? You see? Do you see like one of them next superstars coming from Atlanta under you? Yeah, definitely all Ain't from Atlanta. He from Alabama. I definitely see it in them. I got a new little artist named Nter. You know what I'm saying? But what I see in them might not be with everybody else seeing them though, You know what I'm saying? How do you, how do you still let them grow as artists even though you are on a different level? 'cause you're seeing things that they haven't seen or, or, or may not see. They may not have the success you have.


So how do you just let let them beat them and not put too much pressure on them? Yeah, I don't got no pressure on 'em at all. Whatever y'all wanna do. Okay. I still just explained to y'all how I did though. 'cause I, 'cause I I, I shot up fast but I took all the steps too. You know what I'm, I just did it fast, You know what I'm saying? So like I, I had to go through everything they going through already so I could tell them and try to comfort 'em a little bit. Do you feel like you put too much pressure on yourself just as far as who you are? Not even just lil baby as far as just being Dominique like probably taking care of like people in your hood? Yeah. Nah. 'cause I, I'm on some shit. Like I ain't never scared to say no. You know what I'm saying? I know when I can say, You know what I'm saying?


It's like I ain't gonna put myself in that position where it's like I'm stretched out trying to do for everybody else. Like maybe back in the day I might have would've been, but like at this point my kids gonna have my height. You know what I'm saying? Right. Fucking nigga.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with BET MG M's. Second Chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown scorer scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of a game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score with be MG m's. Second Chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM in Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards vary. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The other day a friend started telling me about their New Year's resolutions And I said, whoa, it's kind of early, don't you think? And they said, not for me. 'cause if I know my resolution plan now I can enjoy the holidays knowing how I'm gonna get everything back under control. And that got me thinking. I'm Carl the CEO of Bodi. That's body with an eye. What if I made you an offer so good that you'd be all set with a proven fitness and nutrition plan to start the new year. But you need to sign up by Christmas. It's called the New Year's Jumpstart Sale. You'll save 72% on an annual subscription to the Body Library of 130 proven step-by-step programs like 21 Day Fix and P 90 x plus our easy to follow nutrition plans. And check this out. When you sign up today, you have a chance to win $10,000 every time you log a workout in December and January. But this offer ends Christmas Day. So get a jumpstart with a great deal on body's proven fitness and nutrition plans. But you need to sign up now@body.com. That's BOD i.com.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo and more. Lived the jumbo life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions.


What was the program you enrolled in at Harvard Business School? A business class called Lunch and New Ventures. What, what made you wanna do that? Was that Swift or Yeah, the Swiss and Leisure Keys. What they told you? What like what did they tell you that made you wanna do it? SW had already been telling me to do it for about a year. And two, three more people told me like they don't even know I know him. Like I'm telling you Swiss been good guy for you go with after You know nigga, just see what I be on. Like I'm really living. Then like after the third person called me, I'm like, man, this the third person talking me. Well, I just went on and got in the class. What'd you learn from it? Like a, I already know how to do the basics of a business.


It is just like hustling. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's, it is basically the same thing. But I learned the, the, the exact details and the exact terminology and the exact ways to go about getting a loan or starting to invest me a pool. Like I, I know how to do all that, but I learned the technical way of it. And I saw that you, you invested in a network. Was it the VAR network? Yeah. What, what, what, what is That? That's something like one of my friends and stuff. The creator And I just invested with 'em And I I'm with everybody trying shit. You know what I'm saying? How many investments you got right now? I know you on a lot of property. I couldn't even tell you. I try to invest more than I spend, You know what I'm saying?


That's what I be on. And that's what I mean. Like if you, if they say when you talk about having a long music career, do you really need to have a long music career or do you need to get I I you do it right. Okay. Yeah. Nah, I know people who live way better than most of the musicians. You know what I'm saying? Musicians. Do you want to have a long music career? No. My goal, I your goal always to be Michael Jackson. Right. Go out till you die. You know what I'm saying? But I, for the life expectancy of a rap career and stuff, I always know it ain't that long for me. You know what I'm saying? I don't even think I want it to be that long unless I was like Michael Jackson level, You know what I'm saying? Where it's like you just gotta do this shit.


You know what I'm saying? About about five years ago, you said your ultimate goal is to make sure your son and any other kids didn't have to grow up the way you grew up. Do you believe you met that goal already? Yeah. Nah. 'cause we still growing, You know what I'm saying? Still a everyday cycle. The shit I be saying and shit I be on and be on some 20 years from now. Shit. Not like come back in two years and ask me like, is it is gonna take 20 years for this shit? And I, I know you a a private person, but when you got people around you close to you like the mother of your child, she's a public figure. A lot of times parts of your life come online because of of her. Does that ever bother you? Yeah. Yeah. But it but it it be a part of like, gotta take the good with the bad and shit.


You know what I'm saying? Like, if we don't really be nothing you could do about it. I don't try to put too much energy into it. Did it piss you off when you see the internet? Like the internet be making comments about your children Like a thousand percent. You know what I'm saying? But I can't go in comment on every comment though. You know what I'm saying? I just have do what I gotta do behind the scenes. You know what I'm saying? And what is, what is that, what does that look like behind the scenes? Like telling them like, man, stop posting my family all the time. Yeah. Like I don't, I don't even say shit like that. Okay. I just talk to my children. I don't, I don't really because my children old enough to comprehend shit. You know what I'm saying? So I talk to them. What do you, what do you want for yourself in 2025 when this wham album drops?


What do you hope it does? Well, I'm trying to drop wha album in a couple more months. Drop a Dominique album. And I got like two other situations lined up. I got my whole 2025 prepared planned out though. So, so being away these past couple of years, you just, you knew what you wanted to do when you came back? Not for sure. I just knew I had knew the point I needed to get to, to do what I needed to do Is wham, is wham gonna be like a a the street album or is this gonna be this good music? It's like I don't really know the street album and the streets ain't the same no more. You know what I'm saying? I just like album one, like real music than like street music, You know what I'm saying? Because the streets, they changed, You know what I'm saying?


And how does, how does Atlanta feel now? Like when you see things like, You know what, what, what happened with Thug or Yeah, Atlanta totally different from what it used to be. Yeah. Dramatic change. You know what I'm saying? But I am 30 now, You know what I'm saying? That was our generation now it's a whole new generation, You know what I'm saying? Do you even still like being there? 'cause it was weird, right? It was a weird period when Thug went away. It felt like they was trying to put targets on everybody. Like they was open. Something bad happened to you. That's what that's, that's like the narrative. That's what that what that's what the fuck you mental up, You know what I'm saying? Imagine not doing nothing, You know, you don't do nothing, but it just, that's the type of shit you gotta see and the shit you gotta live through.


That shit really fuck you up if you ain't strong And you ever wonder like, why y'all, why, why do y'all want something to happen? I really, I, I just understand people, You know what I'm saying? I know. It just, it, that shit come with a territory. So does it ever make you just want to fucking get the money and just disappear, get all the way out the way? Yeah. A thousand percent. Do you, do you think shit like when they see pictures like Michael Rubin and You know he's a friendly dude, he like to hug and shit like that When they see you hug, well Michael Rubin hugging you, you think that Michael Rubin impact Michael Rubin ain't never hugging me, You know what I'm saying? I was dapping Coman up and Mike happy to see me. He ran over there. We started like wrestling. Yeah, like touching it.


And a picture like, like Mike, one of my real good friends, we in a party with a goddamn two, 300 people. It's nothing weird could go on with all these people in the mix. You know what I'm saying? But I ain't gonna get on the internet and go back and forth, You know. I like, And I told him, man, that is a crazy looking picture. You know what I'm saying? But shit, what it is. So when you see stuff like that, you don't even want to comment. You just like let people talk. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I ain't trying to explain my point and all that, man. You look like you lying. I I ain't with all that. You know what I'm saying? What's the Best investment he put you on? 'cause we, when I spoke to him one time, and he said this publicly, he, he, he gave Meek the, like, the largest investment he ever got.


A ROI he got back in his life. Have he? Well, yeah. We don't really got nobody else who's gonna give us them time investments, You know what I'm saying? Ain't no like, people will be like, well you ain with the white boys and all that, but where the black men at? Who going to help a nigga out and ain't no color thing with me. It's like, this shit be fuss. You know what I'm saying? I don't even know white people. Anything I learned, I'm going to help. I only get better than my people, You know what I'm saying? No matter who I learned it from or where I gotta get it from, You know what I'm saying? And the, and the fact that Mike actually understand that that's what make us have a bond. You know what I'm saying? And he give you the information for, for free. Free just because he fuck with you. Just Simple, simple shit they think niggas already know.


We don't even be knowing that shit though. You know what I'm saying? What's what's, what's your end goal? I don't got an end goal, never stop. And I might got end goals, but the majority of it is never stop. So I gotta end goal with this or end goal with this. But I'm never gonna stop like just in here and keep going somewhere else. You know what I'm saying? You mean just never stop as far as just building business, Just whatever, You know what I'm saying? Whatever it is gonna be. It is gonna be farming, I'm gonna be doing it every day. You know what I'm saying? Like, it just never stop. Did you imagine your life at 30, like when you, when you was younger and you was like in the streets gambling like the little baby that the old kids?


Yeah. You can't, can't even, You know, You know, one day I'm gonna be 30, but you can't imagine 'cause you don't really know what it is. It's like shit you gotta go through. But like far as saying like, I know I'm gonna be 31 day. Like hell yeah. Oh, so, so you, okay, that's good. So you never saw yourself not not seeing 30? Yeah. Nah. Okay. Because You know, you got some people, my Plan always been to be here, shit. Like I ain't trying to do nothing outta the ordinary, not be here. Especially now that you got kids. Yeah. Yeah. You want, you want, I Had kids for a long time now. Yeah. You wanna see your grandkids, everything, You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So Dominique album, what's that gonna drop the summer? Maybe like three, four months after.


Well Is it done or It already done, but You know, like you can still in the recording process, You know what I'm saying? If I had, if I wanted to drop two of 'em today, I could, when I'm in, in the midst of it, the way I'm being, I still gonna like work on little shit and some trick, You know. Does, does it feel like you're able to be more vulnerable in your music or, or on, or on interviews or do you feel like you might write a book or was it the documentary? Like, what was it, what, what do you think makes you be able to express yourself the most? Right now? It's just me forcing myself to express myself more. You know? I mean, can answer anything you say, but I just ain't going to do it. What? So like, now I just like, just answer it, You know what I'm saying?


Like, try to make it more vulnerable but give people a different insight on you and shit. I just feel like that's your disposition though. Like, you always been, you always been like that. Like I remember the first time when people brought you The Breakfast Club years ago. You just always move like that. So, so, so forcing you to do it, I don't know if that's possible. Ain't nobody can't force me to do, it's just something I'm gonna be gradually do You know what I'm saying? So when they come to you and say, man, you gotta make this kind of song, you gotta make that kind of song. Nobody Never came, even nothing like that. What it is just, it is just, You Know, you gotta make this kinda song. I don't got that. I ain't never had That. So if you feel it, then you'll, you'll go out there and do it.


That's it. That's it. Yeah. That been affirmer for me. I don't got a 10 person camp who build a song and this and it just been like authentic for me, You know what I'm saying? Well man, baby, keep doing your thing brother. You know, appreciate you wham who hearted than me. This is, this is like the fourth, fourth tape in that series, right? Yeah. Yeah. So this gonna be, is this the last one? This the last wham Nah, You know, it is just something that's there. Alright. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. I appreciate that. Appreciate you brother. Thank you. Yes sir.


Football fans picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone. With BET M GM's second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With BET MG GM's second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Reward vary. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Boost your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@joinsignals.com.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah. Because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and more. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms. Apply


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Jamba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Juba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Fi GW. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law seat terms and conditions.


Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.