
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You're ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Residents at BrightView, Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Yeah. Giddy Getty L Cool. J My brother. Peace. How are you, man? Good. Good. Excellent. I, I wanna set my intentions for this conversation. Before we get started. I want people to watch this conversation and when it's over, I want them to say to themselves, damn objectively, regardless how they may feel personally, who's their personal favorites? Objectively, you can't have any top five greatest of all time discussions without mentioning LL Cool j Yo, I take it. I take that all, all day, man. Okay. I can't argue with that. Which, And, and, and one of the reasons I I I say that is because you are by far hip hop's first major superstar. People could say you are the prototype for what became the formula for success in rap.


You had the streets, you had the women, and you had songs for both of them. So with that said, why do, why do you think ll Cool J isn't in those conversations? Well, well, I would say You know. First of all, I feel like I, first of all, lemme just say I feel appreciated. Okay? And I feel respected, And, I feel loved. I think that You know in any, in any art form, in any genre, You know. Ultimately, You know there are different dynamics at work. When people hear people like, so You know the internet ushered in a different, came in during a different era. So it documented things on a different level. So some people who weren't there to necessarily witness certain things might not be aware. But my job, like, is not to really harp on what people don't know.


It's to show 'em what they should know and teach 'em what they should know. Right? So it's like, that's the whole point of me making new music just to get out there to, to let them see what it's like to have me on the court, so to speak. You know what I'm saying? To see me out there balling. And the difference is You know this isn't sports, this is art. And in art You know, it's about the mind, the soul, the emotions, you being connected to what you create. So you could do that at a high level at any point. And I think that's my, that's my goal. And my objective right now is to just show people that you can take a hiatus from something, do it, do something else, and then reemerge and do it at a high level. So You know, we'll get to it. They'll learn Mo Most most critics would consider it risky though, because of your icon status to release a new album so long after your, your last one, what would you say?


I'd say that's the, that's the whole point. Like, that's the fun part of it, right? It's like, listen, there is no great artist, great athlete, or great any, anybody that's great at anything If. you cannot be great if you're not willing to be vulnerable. And this vulnerability comes from having the strength and the courage to go after what it is that you want. And risk looking foolish in the process. LeBron doesn't get the last shot. Steph Curry doesn't take the last shot if he's worried about his legacy. Right. Right, right, right. Kobe, don't take the last shot. If he's worried about his legacy, LeBron stops playing three, four years ago. If he's worried about his legacy, but because he wants to push the envelope, you're having a conversation. Look at what this guy can do in year 20. Look at what he could do in year five.


Right. You see what I'm saying? So to me it's like, that's the fun of it. Like I love that challenge. I love, I like, I'm, that's what's, that's what makes it worth it. Alright. Right, right. You know what I mean? So What, what is legacy? The ll Cool j Yo, I gotta You know what's funny, man. You know. Nobody gets a chance to come back and say, yo, correct my tombstone You. know what I mean? Like, yo, yo, y'all spelled it. That's not what I meant. Nah. So it's like none of us really know what our legacy is because why do we know that? Because If, you put a picture of of a glass of water on the internet, they gonna argue over that. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Right. That's not water. And people drowned it. Nah, people used it to sustain life.


Yeah. People water plants for it. Nah, people. So I don't, it, it doesn't matter. What matters is what you do in the moment You know what I'm saying? What are you doing in the moment right now with your life You? know what I'm saying? So what I wanna do is just maximize my potential. Then you let, you let The World decide all that. There'll be generations after us that can have all 'em debates and all 'em conversations. But You gotta pop your shit a little bit though. Oh, without a doubt. Because you see these top five list and there's people that came after you that they'll put on the top five. Listen, it's almost like You know they're discrediting you in a, in in a sense. Eh? So you gotta care about the recognition. Well, I do care about the No, no, no. I definitely care about the recognition.


Okay. Don't take No, no, absolutely. I just like, like You know. I'm saying, it's like sometimes you hear Floyd say, yo, everybody's entitled to their opinion. That's really how I feel. Right? Right. Like, I really don't care about that shit, man. Like, if that's who you like, that's who you like baby. Like You know what I mean? Like, my job is to, to to touch the people who love l and who fuck with l not to be worried about who messes with this one or that one. Like Right, right, right. You, you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. Like I, it doesn't, it doesn't affect my, my spirit or my vibe because if it did listen man, to get to way I've been in life and to get do the things I do, you gotta have thick skin, bro.


Like You know, I'd have, I'd have been in a ball with a, with a, with a, with my thumb in my mouth and a blankie a long time ago if I was really worried about these lists and people's opinions because nothing is ever gonna be perfect. Alright. You know what I mean? So look, I think that history will shine kindly on me. You know at the end of the day, like, you gotta remember like you're talking to, look, Def Jam had, it was Def Jam Productions. The label was Party Time streetwise. They had a song by Tila Rock called It's Yours. I bought that. I bought that song. That song I took, it wrote, made a demo, sent it into Rick Rubin, Ru me, Russell and Rick. We ended up starting Def Jam, right?


They, they, it was their label. I was the flagship artist. Right? So everything that came after me, You know, my first You know you're talking to a guy who's first single dropped in 84 and people, and I'm still like relevant in The World globally. I can, I Can't, I can't complain. Right? And, and If you think about everybody that came after Def Jam Outta Def Jam on Def Jam. Si like, I mean we, I I I basically ushered in the whole modern era of hip hop. Right? Absolutely. And grew up watching Flash and The Treacherous and the Crash Crew and the Fearless form was at those part, like, at the, their, their shows and seeing them and listening to the tapes and the blends and the mixes.


So I've been a fan from day one and then helped Usher in a new era as well. So I don't really have any Beef You know. I feel real good about my standing in, in this culture. You know. I wanted to ask you about Def Jam too. 'cause as you just mentioned, you were a staple at Def Jam. Yeah. And And I And I would al I always thought they, they should have renegotiated your contract to make you more of a owner. But, but I own my whole catalog. Oh, okay. Okay. I own my whole catalog. When you see Mama should knock you out in the movie, I licensed that. Okay. All right. You know what I'm saying? Like, people, You know people, people are under the impression, oh boy. Like, listen man, Because that was the time back in the day my artists were getting got, Nah, but see, not all artists okay.


That, that speaks, that's not a broad general thing that speaks to certain executives taking advantage of certain people. One thing I can say about Russell and Lyor look and, and Russell, he didn't make the bad deal early. And then Lyor, he drives a hard bargain. But he'll give it to you when you earn it in those, I can't front on the guy. People can say what they want about him, but at the end of the day, I do own my catalog. And I Do You know, You know have a huge interest. You know in in what I do, And I You. know what I mean? Yeah. There's other samples and different things, but I own all my stuff. So it's like, I can't complain With that. The Kobe deal. For, for you. Like, did they give you that? Because like, okay, this was our franchise artist. This is the guy who put us on the map here.


Take all your masters and everything up. Well it wasn't really that. It was, I was at a point where I was, my deal was up and we had You know. It was like, we gotta find a way to make it right. So, and justify our relationship and we just made a good deal and that was part of it. So You know I'm, I'm good like You know what I mean? Like I really am in a good place in that, in that way. You know what I'm saying? Not to mention all the other things that I do as well. So You know I can't Oh, We gonna get into that. Yeah. Yeah. Do you feel slighted that it took so long for them to put you in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame? Not really, because I understand that a a a major part of my appeal, You know, especially in some, especially on a commercial level, was, was geared towards women.


It was black women, all women of all races. But it was a lot of black women. A lot of different, and because of that You know you just got some dudes that You know You know that Ain't You know. They want you to You know If you ain't Burning a Flag. Or You know being a rebel in a different way. They wanna not necessarily give that You know. Everybody doesn't recognize the, the, the, the, the, the artistry that comes with that. They think it's like there's some kind of trick to that. But there isn't. You gotta really make them songs. They Don't, they don't see the value in it. Yeah. You gotta really write, I need Love. You have to really write around the way girl. Like, you really gotta write these songs. You gotta write lo you gotta write doing it. You can't just You know that doesn't just show up because you took your shirt off. Like you You know.


I mean, oh, I take my shirt off. You know the song is bullshit when I took my shirt off. Right? Like, now it doesn't work like that. Like you actually have to write the songs. Right. So You know, I mean like, so for some of them dudes in the, in the Hall of Fame at that time, especially when you hear in retrospect, 'cause that was an old regime. Remember? That's not the new regime, the new regime. They're, they're rocking You. know what I'm saying? But that was another guy and he had a whole nother mindset. So You Know what I mean? That that's interesting. So you saying that they probably didn't respect the art like they should have because of your sex symbol status. Yes. Hundred percent. That's crazy because You know you hear that conversation from women, you don't really hear that from a man's perspective Of of course it's real though. It's real. It's like You know. They You know. Like it's just part of the game.


Right. Like at that time, like in terms of those songs, You know what I'm saying? Like they want You know fight the power and only fight the power You. know what I mean? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Respectfully. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like they You know. Just think about who got in and why. Yeah. With sex cells. Yeah. But that's not necessarily You know. Let me let, let's keep it real. B if If, you got a dude that feels like he's living his life making a pinky promise, the last thing, the last thing he wants to do is put You know the young bull in the You know in the frame. That's the last thing. Hey honey, hey, hey honey, look at this guy.


Let's You know what I mean? Let's, Let's keep him out the light as long as Possible. Yeah, yeah. You know. Let's not You. know what I mean? Let's not You know what I mean? Oh Man. Does it feel well, How does love that remix? That's crazy. So as as you kept your shirt on more when they felt uncomfortable, It would've been a lot, it would've been a lot easier. Okay. Gotcha. It would've a lot easier, bro. Like, like shirts on and You know, But then you wouldn't had the women. It's like, well whatever. You know, it's like You know. Like showing up to a cocktail party with your tuxedo open at a a six pack with your shirt on if I probably won't go over well with some parts of the crowd.


But you embraced it though. Like, I, like I always, Who's, who's he? That shit is crazy. But you embraced it though. Like I always heard Method Man say he shunned his sex symbol status. You embraced it. You god Damn right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Absolutely. I loved it. Yeah, why not? Yeah. There ain't no shame in my Listen, listen man. When I grew up You know I grew up liking the girls liking You know and You know. I thought You know that was our goal as kids You know. Right, right, right. We wasn't like in it to not have them. Yeah, Absolutely. You know what I mean? Like, I wasn't in to not have no girls. That's right. Like I You know wasn't like I was running around doing everything, but I definitely was looking Absolutely.


And was interested Absolutely. You know what I mean? So that's the way I look at it. You know what I mean? You know. Does, does, does it feel strange that this generation may know you more from NCIS than your music? Speaking of? Nah, actually it's, it's, it's an, it is an amazing thing. 'cause it's like, it just, it's proof that you could do anything that you could reinvent yourself on so many different levels. And You know, look, I got two crowds, man, I got two crowds. When it comes to me, to my audience musically, it's the, don't call it a comeback crowd who absolutely knows what I do. And it's the he raps crowd, right? I'm very aware of both of them. I know when somebody's looking at me, they're like, oh, he raps You know. Oh he hosted. I like his show with I love it all.


It's like, but music is my first love You. know what I'm saying? Music is my first love. But nah, that doesn't, because look, at the end of the day, see when you hear artists like bitching and moaning and crying and complaining about generations not knowing them, it's like, man, make a record. You know, make some music. Then you got a problem with people not knowing you for something, then do something about it. Make some music. You gonna sit over here crying. You gotta know and You know Art the arts are kind of, there is a what have you done for me lately? Factor that always plays into art as it moves through the through, through the continuum of Time You know what I'm saying? So there are going to be certain generations that are not as aware.


If you're not current and If, you don't put out current shit. So my job as LL Cool J is to put out a current album and give them a current idea of what I think artistically, which, which will cause them to look back at some of the things and go dig into, go Google my shit and get into my older videos and get into my early stuff. They can get that history. But you gotta do some new shit You. know what I'm saying? Like no excuses. You can't You know You know You know. Like I said on one of my songs on Passion, I was like, no excuses. You better, better be easy and ruthless. You know a bunch of paper Tigers, all Toothless You know that Tony Montana blueprint is useless. Some people ignore facts.


The nigga on the in the a nigga in Scarface fell on the map. We just act like we don't see that You know, ask him where the weed at or eliminating mids when the speakers give the feedback. Mm. You know what I mean? Like, it's just like you gotta, you just gotta step into the shit that you do. Does that make sense to you? Absolutely. You, you just answered one of my questions because I was going to ask you about You know something Memphis man recently said after a performance at Summer Jam, and he said the Generation gap was too wide for him. No. And I was gonna ask you, do you ever feel like you need to make you feel the need to make music to appeal to this generation? No. No. You have to, you have to make art That's true to you. Okay. You have You know it's true to you. I don't need, like, for those who understand the reference, I don't need the Golden Girls to be acting like Nicki Minaj You.


know what I mean? Like, let's not do that. You don't want the Blanc twerking? Yeah, let's not do that man. Let's just not do that. You know. Let's not go there with the shit so El don't need to. I don't need to get my little Uzi vert on and shit. Alright. My little yachty on for them to You know I gotta be me. And, and they'll, they'll find it You. know what I'm saying? Listen, at the end of the day, if I'm 16 years old, or if I'm 19, or if I'm 20, the only way, the only way you gonna get my attention is by person playing on some shit. And that shit is hot to me. Word. None of that other shit matters. The only give, fuck what you did. I don't care how you did it. I don't care what you started, what you didn't start what you, how you is that shit hot word.


If it's hot to me, I'm good. I'm in. If it ain't, I'm not fucking with it. It's that simple. And that's, that's the, the, the, the that's Life You know what I'm saying? So a lot of these are like, like meth. Like I You know that's my man. I love him. He's super nice. Is flow crazy. My thing with him is, is that I get what he's saying. It was the, it was the station's job to kind of think about that when they were curating it so that it's seamless to help him out. You know what I'm saying? You, you gotta put the piece, you gotta line the pieces up. Right? That's right. You know what I'm saying? You gotta line them pieces up, right? Because that audience could get into their music, but they have to, it has to be sandwiched the right way and presented the right way to give the audience an opportunity to rock with them.


Because this shit is dope. If, look, if Mick Jagger can run around at 80 years old and have four generations in his show, like even me with my fourth tour, I'm running around. I got three, four generations in the crowd. But those kids were introduced to the music by somebody. It was laid out for them a certain way. We did the Grammy 50th anniversary, we had Glo Rilla and Lil Baby on the same stage with Public Enemy run DMC and Flash. It's doable. It's all about how you do it You know what I mean? Absolutely. It's about execution like anything else, You know what I'm saying? Was there ever a time you were dis disheartened by the state of hip hop? Well, yeah, I would say, I would say there was a moment when I felt like right before I started Rock the Bells and really started You know like, because people have to realize like this whole timeless resurgence that people are feeling You know that's 'cause I put it on my back with Rock the Bells and Rock the Bells radio and went out there and said, You know I'm gonna throw festivals, I'm gonna do things.


I'm gonna lift these acts up. And those who are open and allow themselves to receive the blessing would be lifted up. Right? So I felt like our music was, our culture was being commoditized You. know what I'm saying? I felt like You know if Mick jacket can be respected and if Bruce Springsteen can be respected, then so can Rakim and so can Chuck D and so can You know countless others. Queen latte, you name them. And so that was a moment, but I did something about it. See, I'm a big believer in You know, don't talk about it. Be about it. Be about it. And If you have an issue. If, you got something that's a problem to you. Address that shit You. know what I'm saying? Like, dudes be You know crying and bitching and moaning.


Then go home and sleep. You know, get high, smoke some wig, cry some more the next day, get high again. Absolutely cry some ball. It is like, nah, If, you got a problem, do something about it. So I did something about it. And, I think that it really worked. It led to all of the things you see from You know, You know Dre and them, all of them rocking and killing the Super Bowl to all these artists in this resurgence. You seen it You know different artists doing all these things that all emanated from that decision that I made with Rock The Be. So again, you are welcome You. know what I'm saying? But that was the vibe You know what I mean? Do something about it. If you have an issue and that's in life in general.


If you find you passionate about something or angry or frustrated about something, lean into that shit. That's your calling. Let, let's expound on that. 'cause I, I had a question about Rock the Bells man. When you look back at the version of yourself who recorded the song Rock the Bells, and now you look at the Man You Are Today and the Rock the Bells brand you've created that you were just talking about. Did the man in that booth record the song Rock the Bells back in the eighties? Envision this? Hell No. Okay. Hell no. What's the connection between the two? Like why did you choose to use that song title for this brand above all the, all the other Songs? Well, a few, a few times, a few things. It was a few things. First of all, You know the dude back then. He just wanted some new sneakers, some cars and You know some jewelry I didn't want.


I was very simple, pretty easy to You know. Maybe a little Red Lobster or something. That was fine dining back in the day Though. The Finest. Yeah, it was the finest. They might've been playing hockey with the steak in the kitchen, but we felt great about the shit You know what I mean? But as far as why that name it, it started off with those guys who originally had the Rock the Bells Festival originally they had, they took my song You know I, a lot of things come from me like Rock the Vote. That was Rock the Bells. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know a lot of things come from So, so they, those guys, they had Rock the Bells and then, so that was cool. I I didn't say nothing. I left it alone. And then, then one day they called me up and they offered me You know, let's just, let's just call it $10 for a show.


Let's just call it that. I, the the Performing the show called Rock the Bells. Yeah. Wow. And when they, when that, when they, when they, when when my team told me that I was looking at the phone, I said, I want my IP back. Mm. It just, it it fucked me up. Mm. It was like, it just, it rubbed me wrong You. know what I mean? So I just went and took the IP back You. know what I'm saying? I said, yeah, lemme get that. And then I said, You, know what I mean? Then I said, yo, let me, You did that fly like that Intruder, You know that came in your house back in The day You. know what I mean? Quick motherfucker. Fuck outta here. You know. So, so, so I, I took it back and then we started rolling with it. So that's really the real reason why it ended up being that song.


It could have been any song, but that my inspiration came from that first. First. I felt like, yo, you like, listen, it's kind of like You know, like You know people take kindness for weakness and sometimes they take leniency for stupidity. I'm being lenient with you. So you think I'm stupid. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? You being so lenient that they gonna call you to come perform. You're really a sucker. Like, You know, I kind of thought you were but now yeah, let me call you in. So I was like, You know what? I took it back. So anyway, I say that to say that's why it ended up being Rock the Bells. But my desire to lift up those other artists and to see them respecting the elevated that came from me You know what I'm saying?


And lifting that up. And obviously the song was You know My Shit You know. So that's what it was.


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You hear more and more about identity theft in the news every day. Maybe that's because so much of your personal information is out of your control. Like your insurance provider that has your Social security number and your favorite retailer that has your payment details. If they get breached, your information is vulnerable. Fortunately, there's LifeLock LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points every second for identity threats. If your identity is stolen, a LifeLock US-based restoration specialist will help solve identity theft issues on your behalf guaranteed or your money back. Plus, all LifeLock plans are backed by the million dollar protection package, meaning LifeLock will reimburse you up to the limits of your plan. If you lose money due to identity theft. You might not be able to control how others handle your personal information, but you can help protect it with LifeLock. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/iheart. That's 40% off your first year at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption, to be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bows.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity


With the lucky Land sluts, you can get lucky just about anywhere. Dear Beloved, we are gathered here today to has anyone seen the bride and groom? Sorry. Sorry. We're here. We were getting lucky in the limo and we lost track of time. No Lucky Land Casino with cash prizes that add up quicker than a guest registry. In that case, I pronounce you lucky. Fight for free@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary. BGW grid Avoid were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


It is impossible to talk about you as, as, as just the hip hop artists in regards to people who have helped the coach and move forward because of all the success you've had You know in television and in film. So, so how important was your, your appearance in Crush Groove to your career, launching to another level and taking hip hop to another level? So Crush Groove that the, the, the, the movie, the film, it was about Russell's life and run DMC's Life and it was hugely important. First of all, the only reason there was two things. First of all, I overslept for my, I can't live without my radio video. Wow. 'cause I was hanging out all night doing, or at a show. I had a show so I didn't wake up in the morning. So Russell's screaming and all that. So the video didn't happen. Then after that, I wasn't even supposed to be in that movie in the, in the movie crush group.


I was an extra, I went, I went down there. My man Cornell man, he rest in peace used to tell me, yo, go down there every day, go down to the set. I'm like, You know what? Yeah, you right. 'cause I'm You know. I'm, I had left home when I was 16. I You know my grandmother didn't understand me pursuing my music. I'm sleeping on the train. I'm like, You know. I got my green bags on the train. I'm riding around trying to figure out what I'm gonna do next. Then I went and so I was going out to the set every day. 'cause I You know it was either that or stay in the basement with a bunch of roaches. And I was like, fuck it, lemme go down to the set every day. So I was going down there to set and one thing left to led to another, I'm down there You, know what I'm saying? Talking this and that. And then finally they gave me a little part.


I was talking that shit. And the rest is history. It launched me because it You know, it was like having a national video on a national platform. So it would be the equivalent of whatever you could think of now as a national platform for your first visual for people to see you first the first time. And You know it blew up from there. The album ended up going Platinum and You know good things happened. B, absolutely. It Worked out for everybody. When you think about movies and, and music, what's your favorite movie project of your career? My favorite movie Probably in Too Deep and Deep. Lucy. Love In Too Deep. Yeah. Classic. I told you that before. Yeah. You Got God is a very underrated black movie villain.


Oh yeah. He's a motherfucker like You. know what I'm saying? They talk about Oog Bishop. Oh yeah. You gotta put God in there. Oh yeah, he was. Yeah. It was it was real. Just everybody should check that one out into deep. Yeah, it was crazy. Now let's get into the album. Spirit of Cyrus. Yeah. Right. The album's called Force. But the intro Spirit of Cyrus, first of all You know you address police brutality out the gate. Who is Cyrus and what inspired you to address the injustice Cops display to black people right out the gate. Okay, so the, the name of the album is the Force. It's an acronym, right? Frequency is a real creative energy. And Cyrus You know, I mean people could go into history with it, but we were talking really about You know the Warriors and Cyrus and this guy who was trying to bring all of these people together and see good things happen in his community.


Even though it was coming from him being a gang leader, him being all of these different things. And You know he ended up going out. Now that was a metaphor for the guy that the story was based on because I was inspired to write the song based on a guy named Christopher Doner. He was A-L-A-P-D cop who felt like he was being pressed. And the reason why I got into the song is 'cause when I was doing NCIS, it used to be people at high levels of law enforcement. I had some, I had friends in high levels because I did a show for so many years. This dude called me up. He like, yo L or Todd, yo, what's up? I don't, don't come outside. I'm like, don't come outside. The fuck did I do right? I ain't do nothing. He's like, nah, you don't understand.


And he sent me a picture of Christopher Donna and when I saw his and he said, look, they're looking to take this guy dead or alive and it might not be alive. Yeah, yeah. So don't come out 'cause you could be mistaken for 'em. When I saw the picture, I realized how real that was. And so I went down the rabbit hole and then I ended up writing a song because I knew that there were people that would relate to both sides of that story. And I said You know what? I'm gonna write this song. And I was inspired me and me and Tip me and Q-tip were in the studio. And he had all of these wild synths and these, this track that sounded crazy. And I just ended up writing that song. And the rest is history. But it's a, it's a, it's true. It's based on a true event.


And it was inspired by true events. And it was You know a dude who just, who had had enough and he exploded and, and You know, he was like addressing police brutality, blue on blue brutality, like all of it. And so I wrote the song. Did Did you, did you have anybody do any pushback? Like no ll that might affect what you got going on in Hollywood that might affect what you got going on in television? You can't You know say that about the police. Well, I gotta be true to the art on this one. It, it's not like I was condoning or pushing it away. I was just letting the, being a channel to the art You. know what I'm saying? It doesn't invite, it doesn't incite a person one way or the other.


It's art. It's like a painting. It's up to you to look at it and see or hear what you want to hear. You know. Obviously I You know I played law enforcement for years, but I've also had bad experiences too as a kid growing up. So it it is both right. So I think the song addresses both And I think that You know anybody that's honest and objective can just listen to it. It is what it is. Like it's A song. How much responsibility do artists have to address social issues? I don't think, I don't think that's an artist's and artist is not, that's not a prerequisite. That's just like saying You know when when, when You know when Michaelangelo sculpted David did he have a responsibility to deal with Men's health?


You know what I mean? Because he got the dude naked and dude standing there naked. Like he's so Michael Angelo has to address this like You know artists. See what people fail to realize is creating art that is popular doesn't necessarily mean that you have evolved in other areas and are necessarily inspired or educated by or in terms of other areas You know what I'm saying? So you gotta let a artist be an artist and If you, you are gonna have people out there who are very socially conscious who care about this stuff and they will appeal to certain people. But you can't just say it's your responsibility that doesn't work. 'cause that's not just either You know what I'm saying? You gotta let people be who they are.


You know. You know. That's like You know, like saying like, You know you can't put red in your hair because you have people that are triggered by red. Right. Right, right, right. You can't really live your life like that. Right. You know what I mean? So, nah, I think artists do what should do what they really feel. Absolutely. For real. Like, but what they really feel like this album is what I really feel like I wasn't trying to go commercial. I'm not trying to like, this shit is You know what I wanted to, what I felt inspired to make You know a Saturday night special. The record with Ross and Fat Joe. Yeah. It sounds like you were addressing people's egos. I want, I wanna know what's the lesson to be learned in those verses And did you have particular people in mind when you were writing those, those, those Raps?


Well the, the songs, well the, the verses for me were definitely archetypes and You know you do have the, the dude who's, who's greedy and extra sensitive and pretends not to be offended when he really is. And you have to watch out for that when you're growing up or when you in a boardroom or when you're trying to You know pass the ball when you You know in law school or whatever it is you p pledging it don't matter. Like you're gonna have people like that. You're gonna have the daredevil who has to be the center of attention of their uncomfortable. You have that person and they have that, that envious spirit in them all. Whatever it is that you gotta watch out for, you're gonna have that.


You're gonna have different people. But the song is really about integrity, not moral judgment. Not saying people gotta be perfect and shit, but just integrity. Like saying what you mean and mean and what you say. And, and You know people say standing on business, well that's what it's really about. You know what I'm saying? And being solid. And so that's what the song really addresses. And then what Joe and Rick do is they give you examples of different types of characters that say different types of things. And so, so Joe will address it one way and Rick, Rick is showing you an example of that type of a character You know what I'm saying? I is chose to give you the lessons that are to be learned from those characters. And that's kind of what the song is.


I I like Black Code a lot. You know Thank You know. I I I think that's that. You should put that out on Juneteenth. Yeah. But but You know on Black Hold you said the only crossover you respect is Kyrie. Yeah. What would you say to people who said you crossed over though? I would say they're right. And I would say it happened but it was never intentional. Mm. It was Organic. It was organic You know what I'm saying? Like it's like kind of like, and the reason like you look at a Kyrie or you look at a Jordan or you look at a LeBron, they did cross over but they crossed over doing what they love.


They crossed over doing what's true to them. They didn't pretend to be somebody else You. know what I'm saying? They didn't come And I You know Paint Magic didn't come and paint it like he was Larry Bird shit to cross over. It's like he was magic You. know what I mean? So that's my thing. Like my thing is you gotta be true to who you are man. You know what I'm saying? Whatever that is, you gotta stand on that. Be yourself, You know, like that old Oscar wild quote. Be yourself. Everybody else is already taking why taking on. That's real shit. So yeah, that's that's what I meant You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I did cross over absolutely a thousand percent way over. Yeah. Like Silver Had Ladies in Montana. I love that show. But I was doing what I love You know what I'm saying?


For sure. And And I also like the song Black Hole just 'cause it's so black. But I remember I saw you on the shop and you were saying You know one of the reasons you reached out to Q-tip. 'cause you was working on the album with Dre, you reached out to QT 'cause you said you really wanted like a black, black, black, black album. So it made me wonder like what wasn't Dre giving you in terms of blackness? Oh no, no, no. Dre gave me everything. Okay. And what it was was my songwriting. Gotcha. Wasn't up to Paul when I was working with Dre. Dre gave me some, Dre gave me some tracks and some stuff we got. So we got like 40 joints. It's just my writing. I didn't feel like my writing was meeting Dre where it needed to be. And so before, even though I did call Tip and got with him in between that time I was back in the gym working on my jump shot.


Okay. I was working on my PenFed game. I was look analyzing my writing. I had to learn how to rap again. I had to learn how to rap again. Wow. Wow. You know what I'm saying? I had to because remember the game changes. It shifts, it evolves. So the dribble that was fancy, the Tim Hardaway dribble that was fancy at one time and he's amazing is different from the Kyrie Dribble. That's fancy today. Yeah. Things evolve. Yeah. So the same with writing. And when you, when you're doing hip hop, you have to respect the, the the evolution of the game. So I had to go back and relearn, making sure them couplets were right, making sure that word play was right, making sure those narratives were correct. Making sure that I was expressing myself right.


And once I worked on that in a real serious way, then I got with Tip and the rest is history. And we made this amazing body of work that I feel really good about. But So so would you revisit the Dr. Dre a hundred Percent project Trey's? My man that's, yo he FaceTimed me the other day, man. Absolutely. A hundred percent. I just, I just wasn't ready You know what I'm saying? He, he always, that's my man You know what I'm saying? Like he always delivers. It's just, I'm not going to put him in a position You know what I'm saying? Where I'm not all the way there and I'm not giving him the best, I'm not taking full advantage of our creative relationship You know what I mean? I value our creative relationship too much for me to be writing some, some, some lame shit.


Some shit that I think is lame and it's not meeting You. know what I mean? How do you get to that level of self-awareness to where you can look at your raps and be like, yo, this shit is wax, Man. That's, That's a, I can't see too many people doing that. Yeah. You got a lot of people walking out the house and outfits when they need to be doing that shit You know what I'm saying? Like, yo, you got like honey. Yeah. You see that shit right? Yeah. Like You know what I'm saying? Like people like You know dude walking out. He got the camel toe and shit like You know on a fucking moose knuckle. It's like oh loosen them Gs up bro. You Saw yourself when you left the house. Yeah. Yeah. I, before I left the house, I was like, yo man, this is some moose knuckle shit. Let me You know. This is looking crazy. I'm bending over like my pants are ripped. Is There anybody that tells you or you just can hear it yourself?


You gotta listen to it. You gotta be honest. See I make two types of projects You know what I'm saying? Like I said before, I make shit in a vacuum where I'm just kind of experimenting. For me, And I make cultural albums. I was looking to make a cultural album. I wasn't, I didn't want to get with Dre and do my experimental thing. 'cause my experimental thing is never the, the, the records that are appreciated by a culture. They're never the ones that are as, but they as an artist, they make me feel good. So it's a really a little weird thing I do. And most of the time, that's why after I do a really, really great album, I go do some weird shit and that's how I, I work. That being said, I wanted to make a cultural album this time. So I had to be Right.


You got a, a song called 30 Decembers. Yeah. You know Most people talk about how many summers they got you. You, you said you had 30 Decembers. Yeah. 'cause I was away a long time. Yeah. I was away from New York a long time. And I went back during the pandemic, right? I, I put the black mask on. I got the hoodie on, I got the shades on. I got Tims all black. I'm running around like probably look like a stick up kid or something. Right? Like they don't know what's going on. But I got to go everywhere. I was all in the projects. I was up in the pink houses, I was places they didn't even know it was me. I'm running around in Coney Island, I'm You know And. I filmed it. I documented on the Gram And. I got inspired. So I wrote 30 Decembers You know being on the subway and everything I said in the song like You know what I'm saying?


The lady sitting next to me don't wanna move her stuff. She don't wanna let me sit down Afraid of how I get down. Ain't dealing with that shit now You know what I mean? Like all that stuff I said is really what I went through You know and it was deep. 'cause the one thing you forget about in life You know what I'm saying? When you like even If you got a good job. B you forget about danger. Mm. You know what I'm saying? You forget that danger exists. You forget that there's pissy elevators. You forget that there's people sleeping on the floor dodging bullets. You forget that there's people swallowing Vicks 'cause they can't go to hospital or going to the emergency room 'cause they don't feel good. You forget about all that shit. And that disconnection is part of the reason why artists aren't able to really give the people what they want.


It start rapping about fucking great DuPont. Right. So, so 30, 30 December symbolizes the, the streets in New York City. And How long had it been since I really was home for real. Not visiting the city. Not visiting the city in a SUV. Not visiting the city and saying, yo, I'm from here. No, that ain't what I'm talking about. I'm talking about really when's the last time you really sat on the fucking couch and was like, this shit smell funny. Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Like this smell funny in this motherfucker. But when you walk in the hallway and there's so many cook people cooking in the projects. Yeah. The fucking hallway smells like goddamn tie. Italian Irish soul fucking your nose is exploding with the fucking all these smells because it's all this food and that type of shit.


You know What I mean? Yeah. I don't think people are aware, especially this, I know this generation not, and probably just a lot of people in the industry hunt. You came up in a time in NYC where rappers was running with real people. Let's just leave it at that real. Oh Yeah. Real thers hustle. The hustlers. Yeah. Yeah, the killings. Everything. Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. What did you take from your time? Spin on blocks and eat flash Flatbush with hustlers. Like George Chang. Oh man, You know about George. Wow. Stretch. My man stretch from Brooklyn. Man. He rest in peace. It's so funny man. I used to go out to Brooklyn with, with with Stretcher all the time. He had his goal one 90 E Benz. And like even when I had Rock the Bells, I remember I was playing Rock the Bells for him in the car with Tyler.


He was like, we pulled up on one of his crew. He was like, yo, this's my man l he want to know If. you think he should make this a record? He played it for us shit. They was like, yo, that shit is hot. So me and stress were real cool. I I really hung a lot with with AZ and Rich and Al Paul and those guys because of my man Chuck You know I used to go uptown so I used to be on 1 3 2 all the time. And so those are the guys like the pay them four movie. Absolutely. Like, like, like the pay them four movie guys were my, my real friends. And I was with 'em every day. So when I did like Walking With a Panther and You know with the jewelry, with the diamonds and all that shit, like that's who I was with every day. So it was like that definitely rubbed off on me in terms of wardrobe, my mindset, I mean even songs like Saturday Night Special, it still influences that mindset because you learn how to move You.


know what I'm saying? Like you learn that If, you really, really, really wanna survive in The World don't try to be a tough guy. Right, right, right. Like that tough guy shit don't really fly because somebody's gonna test that shit all day long. You're much better off just having manners. I didn't say be soft, I didn't say don't defend yourself. I didn't say don't do what you gotta do if there's a problem. I said don't try to be a tough guy. That's right. You know what I'm saying? So that was the thing like just understanding that and You know those guys being You know maybe two, three years older than me, four years older than were just old enough to kind of mentor me. So it's like You know coming outta Queens like from age You know late like 16, 17 like 17 early maybe late 16, early 17 all the way to like early You know twenties or whatever.


I was hanging around for as long as they were around I was hanging with these guys and learning the ins and outs of life. And it's not just all like crime and criminal shit and all that negative shit that people always think about it also life lessons in it about manhood You know what I'm saying? And about how to be honorable when you moving around and how to treat people, how to respect people so that you If you see 'em again, it's not a problem. Right, right, right. You know what I'm saying? Because you gotta see people again. Absolutely. Man or woman, you gonna see 'em again You. know what I mean? Absolutely. You know the girl will be walking past you while you get your ass whip or gets a pistol whip about. That's right. You know Deserve You know You catch one of them. Yeah. You know what So you You know what I mean? So you learn You know what I mean? You You answering a lot of questions before I even asked them 'cause I was gonna ask you like You know you, you see a lot of people in hip hop get caught up being too close to individuals in the street.


And I I was, I was watching the Supreme Team Doc and you were in the crowd. Oh yeah. At Fat Catch. Oh yeah. Birthday Party pre and them is my man. Listen, listen. Just Black Justice is my man. You know what I'm saying? Binny's my man. I was running with them 'cause they were closer in age. And then Preme, I knew You know You know that that crew, like a lot of them I knew they were a little older, but I knew them. So how'd you End up not getting caught up in that? Like, like say, Irv did not You know, not throwing him under the bus, but just Nah, nah, I get it. Because You know why, because I was around enough hustlers my whole life to know that the shit ain't cute. You know what I mean? See, lemme tell you like dudes that are insecure, that becomes like a, a like a, like a, like a, like a, a security blanket for 'em.


You know what I mean? If, you really understand life and you around enough people, you understand that you need to just, that's not, you don't need to be seen in that light. It's not necessary. 'cause I really was around it. Like, so I don't have to inject, I don't have to make that part of the ll Cool J narrative because I really did. I was really there. Alright. Like for real. Alright. You know what I mean? The shower posses for real. Yeah. Very. For real. So it's like, like You know like dudes playing with guns and dropping them on the floor. Yeah, yeah, yeah. On purpose. Just to see how you react. You know. Yeah. You scared You know that kind of shit. Yeah.


Hybrid nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bows.com for more


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino.


You ever thought about telling those stories like in a movie or, I mean, I would do a movie. IIII thought about it. People ask me that kind of stuff. I would You know what I'm saying? Because when you I hear those stories, they sound unbelievable always. When you hear stories about the Sha Posse Supreme team, it's like, what? Yeah, yeah. Nah, I I Yo You know I Yo I'm Listen man, I Yo You know you really lived it. There's two schools of thought. Yeah. Yeah. There's the guys who really I wanna be cut from that cloth. You see me as that. And there's the guys like, eh, I'm gonna leave that over there because Absolutely. I You know, You know. I I really smelled them Candles. Yeah. You. know what I mean?


Like, them candles was really, I smelled them for real. So I don't need to be You. know what I mean? Absolutely. I'm good. Absolutely. I'm good. Nothing to prove another record off the album Huey and The Chill. Yeah. Again, you taking a revolutionary tone. Yeah. So, so it made me think, would you have wrapped like that throughout your career if it was more, I guess profitable? I didn't even take profits into consideration. See, there's a time to create art and there's a time for commercial consideration. If, you paint. No, Mona Lisa, you don't paint it. You know thinking that You know. I don't know something's gonna be trendy one day you just paint. I I just, I didn't, I don't take that into consideration with this album.


I wrote a record from the heart that I think people of all colors, ethnicities, cultures, will be able to respect. 'cause it's really coming from my, my experience of what I've seen or what I've witnessed or what I've envisioned. However it came to me, whatever I was inspired to write, it's real. So it, it's not trying, I'm not trying to be commercial. I wanted to make something that could touch The World in a way that is real from a hip hop standpoint. So You know I respected his stance.


I respected You know my, my aunt, and this is an interesting thing. And I didn't know this when I did my DNA and at Harvard and he did all this stuff and she's still alive. When we talked, my aunt Joan You know who we I got reconnected with later in life. She was the first female Black Panther. Really? Yeah. I didn't know. Okay. My Aunt Joan. Yeah. My Aunt Joan's name, she's from Oakland. Okay. She's from Oakland. Joan Lewis. My, my uncle was John Henry Lewis. He's a light heavyweight champion. He's in the boxing Hall of Fame. He was first African American light heavyweight champ. But that whole side of my family has some very interesting people in it. She plays a violin. She You know she's dope. And that, that was You know something I learned and discovered.


I thought that was quite fascinating. The Huey thing. I thought a lot of the things he was trying to do were worthy of respect. Absolutely. So I wrote a song about it. I thought it was, it, it, it was worth listening to. I think that You know, as an artist, I would be cheating The World if I didn't write stuff that was came from my heart and soul. It's never to exclude anybody. I don't, I'm not even that. I'm not even built like that. I like everybody. Like I like people. I'm, I'm weird. Like I don't have like all of them. You know. I don't judge people. I'm not judgemental. I don't, but I like, so I just wrote something that I thought people would find fascinating. Clearly as a black man that's always been in you, you talk about your You know aunt who was the first Black Panther.


So it's in your DNA. So when you used to hear Chuck d Rapp back in the day, loved it. Did you have any of those that you did but maybe never put out? I did. Okay. I did okay. I did. I did. I You know, I think, I think creative courage, it takes time to get to that place. Mm. You know when you have choices. And You know, quite frankly You know, You know when you raised to be polite and when you raised with a certain type of manners, there's certain things you just don't say. 'cause you don't want to ruffle feathers. And I think that's a natural thing though. That's not always about, that's about how you're brought up. That's about upbringing.


It's not really about like even commercial stuff. That's about upbringing. Like you look at Pac, it's his upbringing that that fueled that, that creative music. Right? That's right. It's your upbringing. So I wasn't really brought up in that kind of household You, know what I'm saying? I was brought up in a household, Caribbean and Southern You. Know what I'm saying? Grandfather from Barbados. So it was a Caribbean influence in the house working a thousand jobs, washing your arms up to your elbows when you come in. All that You know, fixing your own car and shit. My grandmother from down south, so I was raised with that Southern Caribbean vibe in my house. So that just wasn't what we talked about. So I didn't, I wasn't as a kid coming up, that's not what I wrote about.


But as you evolve and as you grow as a human being and as you discover new things and new shit, talk about it. Do you have a lot of unreleased music that you recorded in like You know your early years and, and if so, why not? Why not put it up? I don't, I think, I don't think there's anything wrong with that. But You know they'll have plenty of time to do all that. Right. I don't, I It's not what you mean? You, You wanna wait till you leave. You said Yeah. Fuck yeah. Hell yeah. Hear that old shit man. Put out all that old shit. Yeah. I got the new old shit coming up. The old shit coming up. I wanna hear that old shit man. Trying to make some new shit man. You know. Let's get it popping baby. What's happening man? I wanna hear that old shit man. I don't even care about that shit.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Don't have a, these dudes You know like run around and You know as dudes right now. Think they gonna get away with the Pro tools and all that. No you not. The state gonna wear your ass out man. Yeah, we coming to get all that man. I I know. You think you got it. You think you slick You know a couple of dudes put some shit up on iTunes. I'm gonna tighten you up too. I got something for your ass too man. You know. I know You think I forgot. You know, I think about, I was talking about you in regard to the Drake, right? Because the way Drake doesn't back down from a rap challenge reminds me of LL Cool J because Drake mixed the records for the ladies, but he's also not afraid to to mix it up as an mc.


And you had a lot of those back in your day. Yeah. You had ice tea, you had Hammer. Cool Mo d You know you got it all of them onto the break of dawn. But what happened when you and Ice t finally bumped into each other at the Def Jam party? On, on BLE and Broadway? Man, me and Ice Man Me and Ice are cool man You know what I'm saying? We bumped into each other. You know talked a little talk and went back and forth with a little of this and that. But we, we cool like, like I respect ice, like I really do. Ice is a You, know what I'm saying? He's a smart dude. He's very clever, very smart like You know what I'm saying? Like listen man, I had all kind of run-ins with all kinds of dudes over the years You know what I'm saying?


The bottom line is that it's always better to air on the side of civility, man. Instead of putting yourself into some bullshit you don't want to get into. So Me and Ice, we iron that out, man. It wasn't no You. know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. That's funny though. You brought that shit. No. 'cause I just always wonder how cool heads prevailed. 'cause as you said, you, you are a real figure who ran a real figures. Yeah. Ice Tee's a real figure who ran real figures. But it never got to that level of Yeah. Yeah. Well I'll tell you why. Because I, I You know I've always been a guy that looked to avoid problems. 'cause I know problems become real problems. And I know how I am.


I'm You know what I mean? Like, I, I don't look for problems bro. I don't You know what I'm saying? Like I'm just really not built like that. I don't want the problems 'cause I'm not fucking playing with you You. know what I mean? Like I don't, so I don't want no problems. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah. I'd rather us be friends You know what I mean? Because you have to look at my, you gotta look at my career, bro. If I put all my energy into a problem, do You know how crazy it would be? This world would be different if I was fucking on the other side of the fence. The whole world. So it's like I don't even want to go there. Right? Wait, wait. You know what I'm saying? I want to keep things positive energy. No problem. No tough fake, tough guy. Bullshit. Respect dudes. Give them love.


Give them honor. See 'em. Give them a dap. Respect them behind their backs. Respect them too. Not just in their face You. know what I'm saying? And just keep it there You. know what I'm saying? And, and it works for me. That's why I have a lot of friends and a lot of respect in the game. And there's very few people. It's only a few people that You know aren't in love with me. And, I understand why and You know these things happen. You know what I'm saying? But I got good relationships because of that. So I'd rather keep it there with it You know what I'm saying? What, What would you say to rappers today, You know about the pitfalls of just beefing hip hop? Not, not at times have changed. Well, I would say that You know, I would say that when it's really, when it's really just about the music and the bars, like don't take it so personal.


B like why the fuck are you so butt hurt like that? You want to like You know kill everything moving because somebody insulted you on the wh I do get it. But you gotta control that You. know what I'm saying? It's not like you can't really judge 'em. 'cause I've been there. I know it, it can be upsetting. You know you see a girl, you in the You know the record plays you in the call. Your girl goes, you got you now you wanna fight You know you got you. Or she might go, you be like, yo, this shit You know and she kind of gives you the You know, you see that that little You know you with your girl. You see the mouth through this shit. That little shit. You like, ah, I on kill this motherfucker. Nah, you got You know like You know you made Drake. That not like us. Shit. That shit torture for a motherfucker. You know shit, little kid singing that shit.


Absolutely You know that shit is bananas. Absolutely. You'll be fine bro. You know what I mean? Don't even trip. So my thing is like, that's what I'm saying. So like with the, you just don't take it personal You know what I mean? You can't be overly sensitive You know what I'm saying? I I Is it true that you and Jay-Z once battled in a parking lot in Manhattan and and you wrapped a verse from Funkadelic Relic and, and him and his team laughed at you? Okay, let's, let's, let's talk what about it? What it really is, okay, first of all, I wasn't a, I didn't rap a verse from Funkadelic Relic. Okay? That's the first funk thing. That's the, that's the story. It is bullshit. Okay? It's not true. What what did happen though is You know.


I see You know, see Guy You know he in the club and he trying to You know flash money to get my attention and I'm looking, okay. And then this man sauce came up to me and was rapping. So I had a couple of round, remember I'm albums in now You know these are guys that ain't had a deal. So when I ain't have a deal, I had a suitcase of rhymes. Now I'm albums in. So I said some rhymes, I said a couple of rhymes. Then I said a little bit of a song. Ain't no stopping this a little bit. Then Jay came up rap. I was out of rhymes. B in no, in no scenario did I, was I like fully loaded and ready to rhyme You. know what I'm saying? If, if I was, I, I You know I'm not exactly like You know the first rapper that you really want to get into that shoot.


Yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I wasn't, I wasn't like, so yes. Did I run outta rhymes? Was I finished rapping? Abso fucking absolutely was it was I was it his, was it their peanut gallery? Absolutely. But do you really want to get into some, some of that kind of shit with ll like you really want that? Oh, so, so, so no, but I'm saying like, do do dudes really want the problems or is it just a nice story to have? It's like, it's like You know. It's like, like, like, like Floyd take it off the glove, stepping out the ring and you shadow box it in front of him. I caught you. It's like, oh, okay, okay. Yeah. You caught me. Y'all caught me. Yeah. So, so it was just one of those things you just weren't as prepared as you probably should Have been.


I wasn't prepared. I ran outta rhymes. They run up this motherfucker You know he'd been rapping on the corner for 10 years. He got fucking a thousand rhymes. I ain't got none. I'm outta rhymes. He raps. Okay, good. Congrats. You got that one? Yeah, you got that one. But You know if I was you, I'd just bank that one and just leave it at that You. know what I mean? Don't like drop Nothing. Is is that where the whole Jay-Z and ll cool J got problems came from? I don't know. I couldn't even tell you, bro. I, there was another rumor that the song lounging, your song lounging was about whole, I mean, Because of, at the time he was known for the Lexus and you was, why you looking at me like that? He was known for the Lexus and you Fucking, we got stocking fucking Lexus.


I can't rap about a Lexus. This nigga got stocking Lexus. I can't mix Lexus. The fuck what's going, what we doing here? Like how, how personal are we gonna take this shit, bro? Like, but Was any of those bars about Jay? No. B. Okay. Okay. Like look. Okay, so I'll tell you too, like this, if a dude makes a song, right? And, I make a contrary, a contrasting idea about a similar, like, in other words, If. you say, yo, yo baby, I'm coming upstairs to see you. Right? And then I'm like, yo, if I said a, if I said something like, if that inspired me, right?


And I'm like, You know what, let 'em come upstairs. I'm gonna go around the side or some shit like that. That's not a disrespect, bro. You had a, you had a song. I I it had some cool ideas in it. I, I just as an artist was inspired and made some contrasting You know a contrasting statement about what you were kind of saying in a contra. Like the contrast of it. It wasn't like, I'm, I don't even know you dog, I don't know you from a hole in the wall. Like at all. I have no, like what, what could I possibly want from him in 90? Like let's think about 1996. What do I want with him? Yeah, he was brand new. Yeah. Yeah. What, what Could I possibly want?


And so all I did was there were songs out. I made some contrasting statements based on his song and my song like that. It was no disrespect, but again, that goes back to that sensitivity. B dudes be sensitive man. It's like, dude, like don't assume the worst. Why are you assuming the worst? Why not assume the best? Why not say yo, yo let's fuck with something. Like why does it have to be I'm dissing you. Like I wasn't dissing that man. I had no reason to dis him. Like for what? Even to today. I don't wanna dis homie him. For what? I don't want nothing from him. I don't need nothing from him. I'm not looking for nothing. But I don't have no problems.


Like You know there is that infamous pic of, of, of, of you at the award show looking at 'em. Were you sizing them up like, yo, I got the rhymes right now. Nah, nah. What it, what it, nah, what it probably is is he was looking at that like at me like that before they caught caught the shot. You know That's like, that's like the teacher I got you last. It's like a motherfucker look at you and then you look at him and then the teacher get out of my classroom. You know. It's like I I just got the I'm I got caught You know. You know the pick I'm talking About. I know exactly what you're talking about. Do you Remember the, what you was thinking about in that moment? Exactly. Yeah. I was probably thinking this motherfucker get on my nerves. He's looking at me all crazy or some shit like that. This motherfucker get on my nerves, man, look at this motherfucker man. Is It like a friendly competition? Because You know, I even think about it had to be kind of difficult when he became president of the Def Jam.


'cause now he's over the Budget wasn it difficult at all. We had a meeting, it wasn't difficult. Only thing difficult is yo promote my shit. I don't get like You know people funny with that because like, you have people that will say like, yo l that's crazy when they gave this guy a job. But first of all, I don't like talking about people like this. This is ridiculous. But I just do it 'cause everybody's gonna be You know they already around, we already viral any fucking way. So I might as well finish. So listen, I'm gonna use a, some pe some people who who are familiar with this will understand it. When Michael Jackson was on Motown, he never wanted to be the president, bro. I didn't never wanna be no president of the dev jam or do no, I didn't want a job. Fucking mc fuck.


I ain't come up here. Look at Yo Russell, gimme a job. That's not what I was in it for. So no, I didn't, And I didn't have begrudge him. He had d people have different things that they wanna accomplish. I celebrate that. I'm happy for him. Like seriously, sincerely. Like I'm happy for homie. Like I'm happy that he's doing what he's doing. I'm happy that like he, and even when that happened, I didn't have any issue. 'cause I had no reason to think that it would be anything negative. And then if anything, you have somebody that understands what you do and what you go through as an artist who's been through some things. So nah, I didn't feel no kinda way You know We Met and stuff. I don't really know what that dynamic is about. I really don't like, I really don't know what it's about. When y'all met to talk about You know the album or whatever, did y'all have good conversations?


Did y'all bring all of this to the forefront? Yeah, it was, it was, nah, we didn't, we never You know. Sometimes you're right, sometimes you gotta give the elephant in the room some peanuts. All right You know what I'm saying? We didn't really address it. No, we didn't. We didn't, we didn't really trust it. But I could tell you this, I sincerely, I like his music. I don't have no issues with him You. know what I'm saying? Like it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not, I'm not You know You know. I'm, I'm, I'm in ll mode, man. Think about LL Cool j When I look at y'all in hip hop, I look at you as, as Magic Johnson. I look at, I look at him as Michael Jordan. But you don't get no Jordan without magic. I mean that's one way of looking at it. You know, like Magic is literally the top five of all time.


Easily. You know, maybe You know maybe, but You know, I guess the move the movie credits ain't rolled yet. So we gotta see how that how it works out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Would you be open to a, a friendly, a friendly spar? What kind of spar? Lyrical. Lyrical. Damn Al Relax Lyrical. Did I get excited? I was like, like I'm just like, what type of spa are you talking about lyrically? Nah, Because You know. You see, remember at the Hall of Fame? I, I don't know what it was. I don't know what the Hall of Fame of the 70, maybe it was the, when they did the 75 NBA inductions and Jordan saw Magic, he was like, I crossed you up. I we can get at it right now.


Right. Yo, listen man, yo, I mean You know. Hey, I imagine you wanna know bro. Okay. You know what I mean? Okay. Okay. All You know. I wouldn't You know. I would say let's just all stay focused You. know what I mean? Don't, don't. Let's just stay focused baby. Don't get distracted. Right, Right. You getting it now? Just leave it alone. Just win. Just do your thing You. know what I'm saying? Well, whatev whatever happened to the elo the brother that, that carried your radio? Nah, Irv was, he's in, I think he's in Cali. Okay. You know what I'm saying? I'm not sure what he's doing. We talk occasionally. I had him at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Dope. That was a good vibe. Dope. Dope You. know what I'm saying?


So You know it was good shit. He Was the Public Enemy logo. Right? Absolutely. That's crazy. Yeah. My my, yeah, he loved my Hype Man. That's the Public Enemy logo. He had the, he had the, the the the bullseye on him and all that. The scope. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's funny, right? Yeah. A lot of history, bro. Yeah. Correct me if I'm wrong on this too. 'cause you and DJ Scratch, y'all made a classic record. Yeah. IL Bond and Goat and the Goat album. We did Mo he did most of the Goat album. He did most of the gold. A lot of it. Yeah. Okay. A lot. Not all of it. A lot of it. Yeah. Well, Haven't y'all connected more on production? Just, just time and, and, and going through things like that whole acronym. Like first of all, like I, I didn't even know when I You know when we came, when I came with that, with that album, that it was gonna turn the goat into everything.


It became now like most people don't even know I came up with that shit. That's crazy. Like most people do not even know, yo, this guy really came up with the goat. That whole concept of being the goat and, And it's, it's T every area of culture. Yeah. Yeah. So like that's just You know you're welcome again. Fuck it You know what I mean? Y'all welcome You know. But it was And I got it from Muhammad Ali saying he was the greatest of all times and Earl La Mango You. know what I'm saying? Because me and Bim used to talk about Earl La Mango being a goat and all that. But goat, right. And then I made Goat GOAT greatest of all times the acronym and it just kind of bled into society and became this global thing. And you often get left out of conversations for an acronym that you created.


Yeah, It's all right. But I'm in it if they use the acronym. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Like, like so every time you see somebody use that goat, the, the emoji or they call Tom Brady the Goat, or they call Jordan the Goat or they call Floyd or Ali or whoever the goat. I'm right there. Alright. Which is crazy for me 'cause I know I created it. So it's like I'm looking at it like, oh shit man. There's another one. Oh, Michael Phelps is a goat. Oh, okay. Well done young man. Alright. You know what I mean? I've got a few more questions. Yeah. I, I was reading Will Smith's book and he talks about going broke after having success in music early on. Did, did you ever have any of those issues? I've had moments in my life where You know I owed taxes or had to do things.


But no, I've never been in that position. I also You know I'm a big believer. I paid my tithes You. know what I'm saying? So You know, whatever I get, I get 10% to God You. know what I'm saying? I You know. I You know I live my life kind of based on certain codes. I'm not You know. I've never been big on either overspending or overs saving. I just kind of let my life flow. That's why You know I can get whatever, whatever I want whenever I want it. And I'm pretty good. I'm good with that actually. Very good with that. Yeah. I'm You know, so I'm cool. Yeah. Who taught you the business if anybody? Trial and error or trial and error?


You know what I man, like you learn like you just learn to, like I remember one time I gave my mother $8,000 to hold for me and then I got a check for 50 grand or something like that. You know I was a little, I was a little kid. I was maybe 16, 17, 16, something like that. And I. Remember Man, he been rapping that Long. Oh yeah. Yeah. You've been getting Rap money for that long. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, nah. It's crazy 'cause I've been a a fan since eight, nine. I started writing at 11 or 12. I've been doing this my whole life. Right. My for real. So I And I watched that 50 grand go going and that eight just stayed there.


I was like, oh, okay, let's see how this shit goes. Like I learned that right there. So you just Learned how to save money, Save, save enough. Always You know get, make sure you can You know You know you got You. know what I mean? Just tuck it. Who, Who were the people in your life that just kept you stable as a, as a human? 'cause like you said, you started when you were 16 years old. So you had the industry, you had the streets, like you had every single pitfall that could have happened in front of you. But you, you grew to still be the man that we seeing today. Man, You know, my mother You know, like my mother would gimme, like she gimme a book with a whole bunch of drug addicts in it with heroin addicts, fingers, all hands, all blown up. Source. She'd be like, Todd, look at this.


And I'd be looking at it. She'd be like, You know people that do that. They don't have long careers. I'm like, oh, I messed my career. Interesting You. know what I mean? And then my grandmother You, know what I'm saying? Because I was like, initially You know coming up I was raised Catholic. I wasn't even raised in like the traditional black church as we know it. I was raised Catholic and then ended up getting into the more bible-based church faith-based churches later. But I, so, so it was You know all that cath, that Catholicism man that that'll get you, that'll have you like being real cautious man. Like everything's naughty and all that. So it was like you just learn to like watch your step You. know what I'm saying? And You know, like, I always, like I tell you man, like, like I remember one time I was talking to my man, right?


And we was talking about hustling. He was like, well why don't you come hustle with me You know what I'm saying? And this is before I went uptown and everything And I was like, nah, I don't wanna do it. He's like, why? I said, because I wanna be the best. So he said, well so what's the problem? I said, well I'm gonna have to kill people. So you, that's the like, so in other words, what I'm saying is When you think about things, when you do things, you have to think about things. Right? Right. What You know what I'm saying? Like you have to really do the knowledge on what it is you analyzing and what you consider it and, and whether or not you willing And I didn't say be perfect. I didn't say none of that. I just said you have to consider what you're doing and If you if it's worth it to you based on what it is.


So that's how, so I had a little fun, but like, to be honest with you, with the drugs and all that, like I don't like my brain feeling like I ain't got no breaks on it and shit. Right, right. Word. I don't like that feeling. Absolutely. Like I don't like walking in the room. I don't know what the fuck's going on. I'm all like, You know. I don't like that feeling. That's why I don't be drinking and smoking and getting high and all that. I never did because of that. I've tried everything. I've tried shit, but I've never, that's why I don't like that feeling You know what I'm saying? I like to have my wits about me. So That's been your key to aging gracefully in the industry. Because You know a lot of the icons we, we grew to know and love. They not landing with their planes with with the wheels out You. know what I mean? A lot of them planes landing, the wheels not coming out.


Yeah. Them motherfuckers. Yeah them motherfuckers landing on flat tires, all type of shit. Exactly. Roller skate one. Roller skate on a 7 47 yo. Yeah. Just not getting high and all that man. Like take care of yourself. Beat. I like to get in the gym, workout, train You. know what I'm saying? I like to read this shit You. know what I mean? Like I don't be sitting around high on motherfucking day, man. Like what are we doing man? What's that about for me? I'm not, look, people could do what they want. And, I got homies that do that and it's all good. I ain't got no problem with it. You know. That's you You know. But nah, You know. Like I said, You know, we see a lot of people fall from Grace You know for things that they did decades ago.


Do you think that You know landing with your wheels out has to be a decision and a, and a mindset that you gotta be committed to for day one? Well you gotta put yourself in the best position to do that, right? Sometimes you can get lucky. Sometimes things just work out. But You know it's better to be You know prepared to land is plan your landing and then If you gotta switch it up. You switch it up. You know. It's like, it's a saying, right? All plans are useless, but planning is essential. You know what I'm saying? So it's like If, you gotta plan it. It ain't gonna go as planned. But If, you got a plan, then you got a place to pivot from You. know what I mean? It's like having a map. If, you got a map, You know.


And your plan is to go that way. Even If, you got a switch, you got a map. So you can go that way. That makes sense. That Makes sense. That makes sense. Yeah. You know last year was the 50th anniversary of hip hop. This year is the 40th anniversary of Def Jam And me And you, right? It was the first artist. So, So You know with all the controversy surrounding Russell Simmons, does that impact how these things can be properly celebrated? How these stories can be properly told? I don't think so. 'cause I don't think one thing has nothing to do with the other. You know, if we found out that Galileo was doing some crazy shit, should we do away with astronomy and, and, and, and telescopes and shit?


Like if we found out that, I don't know, you name it, You still gotta tell the story. I mean like it's, it's like, like, like, like it's really kind of like people look, look, first of all, I don't like to judge people because I wasn't there. That's the first thing. I also don't belittle, I don't try to never make light of anything that anybody's been through in terms of victimization. I'm not with that either. I don't play them games. What I will say is you are living in, let's say whoever you're living in an apartment building and you found out that the builder of that apartment building had did some really, really bad things. Should you break your lease and move out? Mm.


Should we demolish that building and redo it? Have somebody a perfect hand build it? I don't know. I don't even know the answer. But what I'm what I say to people is you gotta look at these things when you think about stuff. One thing is one thing, this is another You know what I mean? And even If, you remove the person out the building, you still have to tell the story of the person building that building And you, but you still tell the story of the building. So it's like, like Yeah, Let, let's take history, world history for, for example, there's probably been a couple of people that have done some good things and bad things. So do we eliminate all of the good because of the bad?


Do we throw away the good because of the bad deed? That's the question. We live in a country that was built on bad deeds. I I I'm saying so do we like, like, like, like are you, are you prepared to give up your passport because of what was done to the indigenous people in this country? Right. Like there's, you gotta look, you gotta be real. And I'm not, it ain't none of it good. Like I'm not saying don't make light of it by no means I'm not on that bullshit. But I'm just saying like, we gotta be realistic man. The dude built You know he put together this company. He did. So he, so even if he's not celebrated, you still gotta tell the story. Yeah. You may not celebrate his actions in that particular area, but you can't say that he didn't do something right.


Right. I'm just saying like, it's no way around that because if not, we have to erase all of world history because to, to find a perfect person that did good things and nothing bad. Does that even exist? Does it exist in your household? What was grandma doing? Yeah. Was grandma freaking off? Was grandma freaking off be, should we did grandma illegally take money and do do the nasty, nasty and take some money back in the sixties and now she's making Thanksgiving and we are, we foul for eating this stuffing right now because Grandma Shaq bucking the ass with a 22 around the corner.


I don't know. I'm sure those conversations have came up for you though, right? Like people have asked like, are you going to have him here? Are you going? No, honestly, nobody has really asked. Okay, And, I'm glad you did ask because I just think that none of us are perfect. Right? And none of us should make light of any victim and anything they go through ever. We have to look at The, World and things on a case by case basis B, because if you're not gonna look at it on case by case, by case basis, I don't know what we gonna do because nobody gonna do shit. Because if everybody had a goddamn You know a Wikipedia on a TV screen above their head with all of the foul shit they did, we'd be walking around this motherfucker.


Man, man, man, man, what, what? I wouldn't have heard a fly. Yeah, I know you wouldn't, but you out there chopping chicken's heads off every five minutes. I wouldn't heard a fly. Yeah, I know you telling the truth. But I Kill a chicken. I kill a chicken. You know You. know what I mean? Like everybody, like people You know people. Nobody's perfect with that stuff, man. So that's the way I look at it, man. You know what I mean? Did did you feel a way when President Biden got your name wrong at the CBC conference? He called you LLJ Cool. J did. Did he refer to you as a boy before correcting himself and saying, man, did you get away about that?


Nah be, I mean, You know what I supposed to do, man. Like I'm a man. Fuck who fuck you want me to do, man, God damnit You know like I supposed to do this dude 80 years old boy. Man listen yo, I got shit to do man. The last thing I got to worry. Let me, lemme tell you something. When you at the point where the president messing up your name is a, is a is a national story. She was a bad motherfucker. Did I? You a bad motherfucker at that point, yo, when the president messing up, your name is National News, you did something right. So I'm going, I'm going just be like, I'm just going You know wish 'em all the best bro. I wish 'em good health and that's it, man.


I can't You you ever been approached by doing a Chapstick line? Well I met with them a long time ago, but You know. You know. I think You know lot of melanin man. I'm not sure I'm not, that's a lot of melanin man. Lot of melanin on them lips, man. That shit is like Woo You know a little Bonnie man get a load of ll and all that, that shit Yo You know motherfuckers. Yeah. Loud. That's, that's why I want people, but 'cause I'm saying Back then You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Nah, That's why I want people to listen to the new album because You know, even with You know all the success you've had, there's still a lot of doors that have been closed to you because of your blackness. Well, I mean listen, but there's a lot of doors that opened.


Right? Okay. See life is, we know what we dealing with in in The World in America. But you can't, I can't allow myself to get kind of caught up in that shit You. know what I'm saying? We know what's true. Sometimes it is, sometimes it isn't. But my thing is, when the elevator doors close, take the steps You. know what I'm saying? Like I'm not tripping off of that. Like I'm not gonna walk around overly sensitive with a chip on my shoulder about what I'm not getting. I'm too busy thinking about what I am getting and so I'm gonna make the most of what I do get. So If, you, you You know If you deny. Let's just say for instance, if somebody wanted to deny me an orange, 'cause I'm a black man, okay, but I bet you I'm gonna gimme 9,000 peaches after this motherfucker You.


know what I mean? That's how you do it You know what I'm saying? You go get it. Like you can't be caught up in that because that misery and that and that, that, that, that, that that woes me mentality, that victim mentality. That's not successful. I'm about being successful You know what I'm saying? What does, what does success look like for you in regards to to to the fourth album Impacting the culture, people getting a full load of the Force album. It really impacting the culture in a major way with sales, with airplay, with streams, people really feeling it and embracing it and loving it and saying, wow, I didn't know that an artist that came maybe 2, 3, 4 generations before me.


I didn't even know that I would even be remotely interested in hearing his music, but wow, this shit really moved me. And then on the flip side of that, it's the day one fan saying, damn, I really thought that like, because You know the guy I went to high school with is a bus driver now and his stomach is to his knees. That L wasn't gonna be able to do it. Nah, nah, we can do it. You can continue to be great and perform at a high level, but you just gotta be on it like that You. Know what I'm saying? What cloth are you cut from? Are you cut from the surrender cloth or are you cut from the conquer cloth? You gotta make those decisions You. know what I'm saying? So that's what I'm saying. So that's what I want You know what I mean? Like touch The World with that shit and let people know like, yo, this dude is, this guy's real, this shit is real.


This is a different thing. This dude is different because he really executes the shit. He says like, You know this ain't raising in the sun B I'm not just talking about the shit all day. And the You know and they never doing it. Will, will the music be enough to tell the LL Cool J story? Oh no. Nah. I'm way too multifaceted for that. There's too many dimensions to my character B, but it definitely will tell the artistic stories that I've been looking to put forth You. know what I'm saying? And it'll tell people where I was at when I created that music and what I felt was important, what I was inspired by. And hopefully you can find inspiration in my inspiration You. know what I'm saying? It's like You know.


You know. It's like having sex man You. know what I'm saying? You gotta be in the moment. You gotta be self-aware. You gotta know when to be aggressive. You gotta know when to be calm You. know what I'm saying? You gotta know when to turn it up. You gotta know when to turn it down. You gotta know when to be nice You know, gotta know when to not be be not so nice. That's life You. know what I'm saying? So that's what it is. You know what I'm saying? That's how I'm doing it You. know what I'm saying? LL Cool J, my man. Appreciate you brother. Love. Thank you for the time, man. Yes sir. Appreciate you.


Hey, let's meet Tyler Bows open. Air Buds are stylish. The color, the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.


Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


High Five Casino High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes at Big Vegas. Hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I Five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.