
I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You hear that exclusive, you know, if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? I'm Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren La I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything in everybody. And today as always, I got your daily dig on everything. Pop culture, all the conversations that shake the room and joining me to do so. Yes, Taylor. Taylor made it as back my lovely podcast producer and baby pj. Yes. Wow. And Los, a Whole baby on the way is crazy. What you got? Congratulations. She got PGAI got babies every day. Okay. You making babies every day?


No, I just got Something. Oh, okay. All right. Well this is low solo's. Introduce yourself to The audience. Yes. I'm Carlos Polk from Baltimore, Maryland. What up everybody? We you get a last name? Oh, I introduced, we Ain't never called him. Carlos. What? Carlos Polk. Polk. It's Scottish. Yeah. That's your Last name for her. Scottish? Yep. I'm Scottish. I never knew your last name. Black man. I call him Darius. Darius? Yeah. She called me Darius. Y'all. Why? Tell her in here, just be making stuff up. Darius. Why you see The show? Atlanta? Yeah. Does he not? I don't remember it. He don't act like Darius. I don't remember it fully. Okay. Yeah. Y'all See, y'all will see, I promise you, at the end of this show, why Probably within the first two minutes Shit Is up. Well, yeah. So tell to people what you do.


Okay. So I'm a videographer, photographer, creative director. I produce, I write, I do set design, And I'm a father of two. Yay. Yeah, I just added that in there. That's dope. Okay, Baby daddy. Not baby daddy. Father. Father. Father, God, father. Okay, let's get on into it with the check-in, Back On the grind. So the, the, the theory behind the check-in is, And I, yo I think for all of us, because we all like hustle. We all out here grinding aids. Yeah. It's like the behind the scenes of the grind. Like people don't ever ask you like, yo, you okay? It's like what you do or what you been doing? Are you, I'm so proud of you. But it's never like, yo, are you okay? And like, really?


Are you, okay, so we do a a behind the scenes of the grind check-in. Well actually let you go first in your, for real. Yes. How are you? And you can't, it can't be like a BS answer. It has to be, use one word to describe it and then you can tell us why you use that one word. I'm momentous. Yeah. I'm extremely momentous. Oh my God. I'm happy, I'm excited. I'm curious. I'm feeling good. I'm originally from Baltimore. There's a lot of like crazy shit going on back home. Yeah. And it feel good to be in a New York scene and riding a bike and feeling good about riding a bike through the city. You know, Brooklyn got the trees out. It feel good in Brooklyn. I'm not gonna lie.


A great place. Taylor, you live in Brooklyn too, right? I used To. I'm in Jersey now, but Oh yeah. Brooklyn Taylor is, I'm so happy. Taylor has a family. She's in Jersey. She's with her husband. They got baby PJ on the way. Wow. That's dope. Congratulations to you Guys. Yeah, thank you. So you'd be riding your bike in Brooklyn, so you're feeling good. Yeah. It do you feel like, or do you ever feel like, like you look up, you riding a bike, fresh air, you here with us every day at The Breakfast Club? Yeah. Can you shoot just as content for sure. Are you, are you ever just like, man, like I, I didn't know where, where things would go at one point? I feel like, honestly, I feel like I never know. Mm. So that's why I say I'm, I'm curious. Yeah. I like, I almost don't accept anything for being what it is.


I'll be like, this could change tomorrow. Got you. So I be like, That's our world though. That's how it works in our Industry. So I I I am grateful. I think the number one thing I, I think is like, I'm grateful that God gave me my POV so I don't limit things to a certain situation. Like, oh, this situation is good. Yeah. But you know, I love that. Yeah. I'm grateful that God gave me my PPOV. I might gotta tweet that. We be doing some, we got a segment where we take things to like X and social media. Yeah. I might need to figure out that, but okay baby. It's fine. PJ and Taylor, how you feeling today? I think I said the last time, but productive. Overwhelmingly productive. It just is always something I gotta do.


Are you anticipating like, like when you get into your mom life, like how everything is gonna adjust schedule-wise for you? Like are you, can you plan that? Like how does that work as parents? Y'all, You can't, I don't think so. Emini here, it's just adjusting really. Like before pj, I have a dog as well, so even having a dog, you know, Dog, dog moms is real. It Is for real, bro. Like you can dog, I've been a mom, I've been, I've been outside period. Okay. I've been here. Well, today I'm feeling, I'm still a bit tired from traveling to Atlanta over the weekend. But today I'm feeling just very at ease.


I know that that's two words. So I don't know. Effortless. Today I'm feeling effortless, really, really feeling good. So I wanna get into the latest because I'm excited for us to get to these topics today. Yeah. The latest right now. 'cause y'all know I love to take y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. Emini here, Diddy, there's always updates. We did an update earlier today on The Breakfast Club. What's happening right now is because Puff is about to go to court, his team is beginning to prepare paperwork and different documents where they're talking to the judge and kind of fighting back at prosecutors about certain claims because they're setting up their defense. So on The Breakfast Club this morning, I'm not gonna recap it too much here, but go take a look at that content on The Breakfast Club YouTube channel if you wanna watch it.


We talked about the fact that Diddy's team is right now saying that he wasn't a a, he's not a bad person. He didn't do anything illegal. He didn't hurt anybody, allegedly. He's just a swinger period. Yeah. Now, now in these documents, Diddy's team is claiming that Diddy lacked mental, the mental capacity to commit any of the crimes that they're alleging that you Committed. Wow. Yeah. Now what they're saying is that you have all of these victims who are saying, yo, I was drugged. I was incoherent. I didn't know what was going on. Puff's team is like, well, he was also using drugs. He was also not incoherent when a lot of these parties that he's alleging he didn't do anything wrong in, but when these acts were going down, a lot of them he couldn't remember or he, he's not in control of himself fully either.


Yeah. My question is, can he, if, if that's the case, does, does that mean that, okay, even if you did the crime, can it be under insanity? Is that how that goes? Something Like that. So basically what they're saying is that he's, even if this stuff were true, he was so wasted and he was, it was out of his control. A lot of these things, number one, he's not gonna recount, but also two, yes. He's not able to make a lot of his own decisions in a way that a person who is sober would make. And he even has a doctor that I guess is testifying or not testifying, but in these court documents they mentioned that there's a doctor who did some sort of evaluations or I guess had some sort of conversations about whatever it was that he's alleging he was using then that talks about why he would've been unable to make certain decisions and why certain things would've happened allegedly, that he wasn't in control of.


But what about the baby oil? So the, the, the drugs and the baby oil is not a fact. The reason why that came up was because in one of the lawsuits that was filed, one of the attorneys said that there had been conversations and reports. So reportedly there was baby order that was drugged. So they put that in documents to basically create this whole narrative so then they could present what they're alleging was done to their client. But they're not saying that that happened to their client. They're saying this man is notorious for A, B, C, and D. He has all this power. And according to what people are saying out in The World, he be putting this like he, it goes as far as him throwing things into the baby oil. But that wasn't at, that wasn't a fact. Oh. Or anything that was proven.


Gotcha. Nor was it alleged by the, this other attorney that this happened to their client. They just brought it up to paint a picture of him as this like horrible person. Mm. Okay. Yeah. But but here's the thing though, in the documents that they filed the alleged condition. So like for in order for us to know like what he was under the influence over or under and like what that did to him, mental mentally it's redacted. So you don't really know. But basically they give some clues and in the clues that they give, that they give, they say, prosecutors say legal precedent requires for the defense to give proper notice before offering any evidence of effects of drugs and alcohol on a defendant's memory or cognitive function.


So the other side that wants to sit Diddy down is like, Emini here we hear y'all, but this is irrelevant. Number one. Yeah. Number two, if you're gonna allege that he was under the influence of any drugs or alcohol where he was unable to make cognitive decisions for himself, there's a certain time period that you have to do that within. Yeah. And that wasn't done. Now all of a sudden y'all bringing it to the table. So from that TMZ was able to read that and be like, oh, the medical condition that he's claiming makes him mentally incapable of making, of, of, of having to, or makes some mentally incapable of being able to commit these crimes has to be drugs or alcohol because they state this rule. Okay. Tell her you ain't buying it No Emini here.


Nothing wrong. Like I don't wish to see Diddy, you know, under attack or nothing like that either. And he, and he apologized to Cassie on several times about like, about his dark days and his dark times. You saying he apologized To her? Yeah. Like when he would get awards, he would always apologize. Like, I Feel like he talked to her that last time, didn't, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah. But see this is the thing. See, But that's because the crimes came out. Like all the shit came out. No, It came out right after That. Yeah, but he's saying, because that came out right after, now you looking at it as taunting, because I remember when he did it, I think it was the Grammy's when he received that award. 'cause he performed first and young Mike. It was know Mtv, Whatever it was.


Okay. MTV. Yes. Video awards. He got the Yeah. Yes. I thought I only, this was before the Cassie Beatin video. I only thought that was crazy. 'cause young Miami was in the army. Exactly. Yeah. And I was like, That's why I feel like it was Puff got a different type of hold on the woman in his life because they all just be hanging out in the, in the backyard and barbecues and Well, the question is, does that make him a criminal? Does what all Of these things make him a criminal or some vicious beast? I think He's toxic. I think that video, Scorpio, that video makes himself what all Scorpio. A Scorpio. I said, I didn't say that. I you he's a toxic Scorpio. I Think that the video makes him definitely, he, he definitely is a, like he's hell for that video.


He deserves somebody, somebody need to drag that dragon. But even then he's saying like, okay, if I did anything like any of these actions, I was on drugs. But even, And I still, and and here's the thing, right? Because prosecutors are like, okay, that's cute. Like, we hear you sis that's cute, but what does that matter? Because what they're what they probably are gonna argue these, if I'm a, if I'm a a prosecutor, I want these defenses to come. They're easily, you can easily take this down. Number one, my first thought is, okay, so you're admitting that things may have happened, right? Because now you leave a gray area that if I'm a prosecutor, I'm gonna lean into. 'cause you're like, yo, we, I wa he wasn't even coherent enough to commit these crimes.


But the, but these people over here are saying that these crimes happened. So now there's this gray area of well, if they happened and you just weren't coherent, does that matter? I just be thinking, right, if we both take drugs And I do something that you didn't like, we're both drunk or how, or something. Like how, how much can you accuse me for? Like how much can you be like, yo, Diddy, I was fucked up. Like you fuck me. But if we, if we both high and you, and you make me have sex with a sex worker and I'm telling you I don't want to, or if you, there's a lot of people alleging that. Allegedly. Oh yeah. And there's a lot of people alleging that. Like there was like violent rape print claims and like, you know, like just, there's a lot of things being alleged. There's people that are alleging that they were taken from us.


So the issue, the state and made to have it made to do things. And they were threatened with like, yo, I got videos of you allegedly. Right? Yeah. Just because we both hide don't mean that. Yeah. This is a different, see it sound like the way the defense is making it seem like, like, oh, it's just a party we always partake in. That's what they're trying to lean into. Yes. And that might not, that might not really go too well, period. Right. We understand that so well in if you present it as a party, but then what if the other team like, yeah, I was partying, but you, but then it went too far. Like You can be partying and still you don't have to be put allegedly these things that people are claiming was done to them. Yeah. You could be at a party and that still does not have to happen to you. Yeah. If I wear a, it is the OG scenario.


If I wear a short skirt, that don't mean that I want you to go up my skirt. Fuck. All right. Fuck Emini here. That's deep Emini here. Shit. Like what you going to do? My goal is to be in the actual case trial when it starts. Yeah, that's right. I, I reached out. I'm trying to be there. Can you Visit Diddy Though? I don't wanna visit, did he? I don't wanna visit Emini here. I just, well, I, I don't Emini here. I would if Emini here to do a sit down interview. Yeah. This shit ain't even You do that. Yeah. Emini Here. You can bring audio, but it could be zero. Just Yeah, you can do that. I didn't know why you were asking me can I visit him. Oh, so my first not on some was like, hold up. Like what's, what's going On?


I did it before. Why are you telling my business? No, no. Oh. So I ain't gonna you visit Diddy? Wait, I didn't visit Diddy before, but I've gone on visits before. You know what? Oh, you Visit him Before? No, not Diddy. Like I just been to visits before. Tell her everybody has, I haven't, I went to a Emini here. My cousin was in jail. That was, I've never been to a Jail before. It's not that it's not that bad before. It's not that bad to sit down with. All right, we gonna wrap this up. I don't, I don't honestly understand how we even got here. Let's go back one second though. So what are the, what are all his defenses right now? We know he's, it's only Two coherent. It's the, it's the, he's a swinger and he didn't connect commit any crimes. Like they were just basically like, this is just his lifestyle.


And it's unfair to throw the crimes attached to just a lifestyle that this man was living and that he is not mentally, he wasn't mentally capable of orchestrating these crimes at the time because of drugs and or alcohol. Alright. And my last question. Do you think this is being said to sway the public? Like people that are swingers could understand and people that do do drugs could understand. Yeah. But do you think it's gonna work? It's gonna out. Did that, did anything I just said to you over the last, do you hear the words? It's coming outta my mouth. Yeah. Anything I just said to you? Did, did, did that change how you felt about the case? I actually have a unique opinion about the case that I'd rather Not share. You think you, he's a black man being taken down. That's not unique. That's every, every black think so every black person that still eat Ubers and noodles feel like that.


Number one. Number one. I agree. All right. I don't think they getting a fair case. Damn. I don't eat o and noodles. So boom. But but you Did the chicken flavor, not Oodles. Never. You never have ood. I do shrimp And I add Okay. Onions and celery with cheese. Okay. So people that do, that's the movement of this. He's take, they just trying to take a black mogul down is strong in certain parts of these streets. It definitely is. Go ahead. Is it is what the grand rising kings and the oodles and noodles packs People? Yeah. I'm neither. I'm neither. Okay. I'm neither not Oodles And I noodles pack. I just think that I, I think, Hmm. I don't know. We just gonna see what happened when all this shit come to the surface. Yeah. And I, I do think he is gonna get released And I think he's gonna be back to Diddy as usual. I Don't think so.


He's not going, even if he gets released, I do think he's gonna get off some of these allegations because the cases are falling apart. 'cause some people are just trying to, you know what, Emini here get a little moment. Only have a term saying no Diddy now. Yeah. Trying to get the moment. Like I don't think it's Ever going get right into that shit. I don't think it's ever gonna be the same after this. If he was to come home to there tomorrow, he could still, it is an audience of people that would, you know what Emini here. Yeah. But it's not gonna be the same. Yeah, He would had to be lil Na X, he would had to come home and then he would had to come outta the closet. That's number one. And then once you come outta the closet, then you good. Oh my God. All right, moving on. So to answer your question though, the racketeering conspiracy was that he engaged in sex trafficking, forced labor kidnapping, ars and bribery, obstruction of justice and a a couple other crimes.


Damn. Yeah. Now moving on. So R Lennox was asked a question during a live stream and they, and, and this question, I didn't even know that this was happening with her. She was talking about whether she would date girls again. And she revealed that when says when. That's what I'm saying. I didn't even know it happened. It's always my girl, like I love her. Right. We gonna take a listen. She revealed that she actually wouldn't and, and she's gonna tell us why. How do people know that she was dating girls? I didn't know. I had no idea. Wasi Moto says, would you still give dating a woman a shot?


No. Thirsty? Yes. This tea? No, I, I tried for like one second, like getting to know this person this year and then it was like weird and then I just felt like insecure And I was like, nah, I'm good. I feel like, I feel like guys sorry a lot. Let me just stick to what I know. I feel like women, it's like hard. I don't understand them. You know, I don't even understand myself, But I've always been told that women dating women works, especially sexually because as a woman, you know what you need sexually as a woman.


Right. So I can only imagine like mentally, like we know how each other think a bit like we're different people. Yeah. But like, it's certain things that I'm like, as a woman I can predict, a person will feel, think in certain situations. So how don't you, how do you better understand men in dating them than women when you're a woman? Well, well I think that women understand men very well too. You do think that most men don't Think that. I think women are so intuitive and they know what most men want and how to give it to 'em and please 'em in certain ways that you Oh, I just, Them girls in Brooklyn taking care of you. Brooklyn is lit. No, because most men that I talk to don't have that same sentiment.


Like a lot of men that I talk to feel like, especially today, like yeah, like I'm 33. How old are you, those? I'm 34. How? Tell her, how old are you? 33. 33. Okay. I feel like a lot of the men that I talk to in our age group and low riders, if you're listening, that's the name of our community. Our audience. Yes. Lowriders. If you listening, I wanna know men, let me know if you feel like women are How Low said, like they're very intuitive. They know how to please the man. They know what a me a man needs at this point in your life, wherever you are dating and how old you are. I wanna know, tweet me, Instagram, all that stuff. Laura la Rosa. Right? I I men are telling me the, the complete opposite that they are encountering women who just don't know how to fulfill their needs. A lot of it though is men are just starting to realize what their needs actually are.


It's it the, the part that women are struggling with right now, that men are finally being vulnerable is their emotions. And I think women sometimes, and it's not all women because black women specifically are not monolithic. Right. Is that the word? Yes. And so some of them understand how to address the man emotions while others have never been taught that because their mother wasn't, you know, locked in with their father or good with emotions and then their father didn't open up as much. So they don't know how to like nurture. And I think it all comes back to I think family. Yeah. And I also think some women just don't, they could know what a guy likes, but they don't care because a lot, a lot of people are selfish now.


Yeah. And and that's the other thing, like we looking at this generation and, And I include our generation too, is like, people just want something. Yeah. Like people, it's all about them. It's about them and, and and what's good for them. Yeah. And it's like, yo, and then also on the other sky side, the guys are not actually serious. Like men are not like, People are not Serious. They're just not Serious. I'm even gonna put on, say Taylor used to tell me all the time, like when I been up here talking about dating and relationships, she'd be like, girl, do you even want a re do you really want even want a relationship? Relat are you really serious? Like, are you, because you just out here playing around. Yeah. And I will say I Emini here I was, but I was playing around even though I was seriously, like, I was seriously dating people, but like not to be with forever.


Exactly. Yeah. Like I was just doing it. Like I was in like, you can't, like you, you definitely, there was a certain level of like dating that I required, like I need. Yes. You know what Emini here, like I I wanna do certain things. Yes. I need certain consistency and attention. Yeah. But I'm okay if this doesn't last forever because like, I'm not there right now. But also I just didn't feel like none of the people I was meeting was like there at that point. I'm Gonna say something, something crazy. I feel like women in their thirties specifically, they know what they want. Right. And a lot of 'em don't do what it takes to get what they want. Oh yeah. They don't, they don't be patient. They don't like, and by patience Emini here, like waiting for the right guy to come, they'll date all these people. And some of the guys would be a good, like good guy, good fit, but you won't lock in with 'em because A, B, C, D or he aint got his shit together yet.


Or this, but you're not willing to lock in with 'em and help 'em. But I think I'm not like that though. I'm not like that. Both, I don't think it's a woman or men. I think men are perspective more particular about who they like. Like they might have a bunch of different women and like men compartmentalize. I say this all the time, men compartmentalize a lot better than we do Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Yeah. Like, and everybody's gonna feel however you want them to feel. Whether it's good, whether it's like just for fun, whatever. But men know how they're dealing with a person. But I will say one thing that I realized about men and women, I agree with you about women and how we are as far as like we'll know we want, but like we don't wanna build all the time. But I think number one, not all women are that way.


Yeah. And some of us women get to a point, especially by our thirties where we've tried to do that. I know in my, my, for me, I tried to do that and it didn't get to the point that I wanted it to get to. So I stepped away from that person. But that doesn't change the fact that I'm still willing to build with somebody. I feel like a little bit. So would you go date on the other side? Would you date a Woman? I would not date a woman. I do, I do think that like every, I think every girl has like a, I wanna try it like sexual, like urge, not urge, but like, it's like curiosity. No. See I could look at a girl And I like, yo, she's gorgeous, but Emini here. I don't wanna fuck her though. Like, you know what Emini here, like that's, I don't feel like that.


Okay. That's that. Yeah. Well let's talk about Ari real quick though. Right. So she said she wouldn't go back to the other side. Yeah. Why do you think that? Well she said because she basically said it's enough problems. Where she at. She can't even figure men out now. She, she can't figure women men out. So she gonna stay where she at. I thought it was interesting that she said she was, it may hurt. She, she was insecure And I don't know if it's because I couldn't imagine man. But why though? What she like girl or girls. Exactly. You get both of y'all doing makeup and all that shit. Like Yeah. I Ain't gonna lie. Do men get insecure about women who like other women? Because now you gotta compete with both sectors. Not me, But R Lenox is like, I don't understand what you're insecure about because like it's, It's Girls.


You could also go date a guy. Ari Lennox also shows her insecurities as a artist. You know what Emini here, I feel like she's very vulnerable and her body is natural. She had to make noise about that. Same thing with the co Cory girl. I know that's not the topic, but Cory Leray. Cory Leray. I feel like there's a level of insecurity nowadays when you have to embrace yourself in the way you look as a woman when you are all natural. Natural makeup. Natural. Yeah. She Comparing herself to the Girl. You what? Emini here and the girl is there and oh To the other girl that there you don't Competition and you don't know. You don't, I just feel like men just do things differently. Right. I'm gonna Just say it like, I feel like we make Us be insecure Too. No, I'm just saying. But the affirmations that we give come from a different place and people gonna disagree with me on that.


But I do feel like men supply women with a certain level of masculinity. That's right. Unique to men. I feel like Yeah, women can play a masculine role or be masculine or show I'm watch my words, but like show a way that like men are, but they can never be that. You know what Emini here, like as a man, how we demonstrate our masculinity and that's why I couldn't date. That's why I don't think I could date a woman. 'cause I think that there are certain things that, certain energy that a man gives up, even if he can just be in your presence and not say nothing. It's a certain energy that you get from your man. Yeah. That like, it's just, yeah. And I don I'll you example, Same body parts as me.


I was, I was, I was saying well some people Enjoy that. Taylor. That's Weird to me. Yeah. I don't want to scissor. Yeah. Yeah. Emini Here you can use a strap On. I don't even want sees And that's evens Worse to me. Gimme the real thing. Like all that is terrible. I I All right. To eat his own. Yeah, to eat your own. And I wanna say, I said it's terrible. It is not that terrible. I wanna say too, for the record, I just, I just, y'all know, I'll be over here Googling 'cause it bothered me that I couldn't figure out what stream she was on. And then I started looking, this clip is actually from September, 2024. But it's going vir again. Oh yeah. Yeah. So I just wanted to clarify that. But Man, shout out to Ari Lennox. I feel like she's a real woman. Like she's staying on business to me. She's seeing her heart out.


She's vulnerable. She makes great love music. I seen a white girl in Brooklyn singing her music. So she affecting the whole world. People want be like her and enough people don't embrace it. So shout out to her. I like her. Yeah. I love her. Don't like her. Oh, we know what she ain't doing no more. Get back to that dick are Oh, But Ari is the shit. Period. Hands down period. Well, And you know where I be at, Ari? What? All right. Don't nobody want pow, pow, pow, pow. Like what? Alright, we Outside? Yes. Okay. Speaking of period Outside in the streets or the tweets. That was a great segue. You for the tweets. We outside, we outside, we outside every other page.


Our goal. So the low riders on X are going off about that tweet I tweeted, I'm so grateful God has given me my point of view. I took that from Los earlier in the episode. I thought that it was a fire line, so I tweeted it out. Oh, okay. This is MVP of bp of PBT on X says same mindset is everything in all caps. Your perception is your reality. Then Foxy Oxy said Me too. Giving me so much broad outlook instead of the one that fits and pacifies my world as the absolute best feeling. They, they feeling this one liner lows. Yeah. They feeling it. They put a t-shirt. You gonna put, you should, the girls are going off about it.


Literally the Girls. Huh? Let me hear what they gotta say. I just told you what they had to say. That was the point of the segment. Did you miss it? It's Done. Don't say time again. Oh, that's it. It hit, it hit that fast. It came in, it went. Yeah. All Yo all y'all, this has been another episode of the latest See Darius, right? Huh? They see Darius slow, Not slow. I'm quick as shit. I was over there. There but there. No, I wouldn't go slow. Still in The center. Just outside the box thinker. That's Right girl. I know that's right. Alright. Shout out to God. What Emini here. It's always shout out to God. But like, like that was Ringo. Thank God for my P out. POV Outside the box.


Shout Out to Guy. Thank you. Shout out to Guy. All right. Well I would say whatever we learned from this episode, but I think what we've learned is what y'all, If you going to do a swingers party, don't invite our Lennox and don't do drugs. Okay. That is it. You know, normally they're a little bit more deep and more substance, but you know, I, I'm not mad at that. I think that's, that's good advice. I don't think she would come anyway. And you should definitely be safe anywhere you swinging anything. So that has been the latest with Lauren. Na Rosa, I'm Lauren Rosa. I tell you guys it's every episode. 'cause Emini here it, at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. And every single time you choose to be right here with me to talk about it, I appreciate y'all.


I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody, I will see you episode.