
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, let's get, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody's You that Lucy, you know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren La the latest with Lauren La and today, as you guys see, I'm not outside of the courtroom. I am actually in the back of an SUV because I left court trying to make my flight. But y'all know I'm here to give y'all the latest because I had to get this update in. You know, you girl love to take y'all to court lot to take y'all to court.


So, kid Cudi took the stand today, as I've told you guys that they mentioned in court yesterday, the testimony would be short. And it was very much that it was very to the point of the alleged arson. A a bit of background about the relationship, and then boomed moved on. So, kid Cudi took the stand as the prosecutors, as one of the prosecution's witnesses, and began to testify about an incident that he claims went down with him, Diddy and Cassie. Now, he took the stand around 10:40 AM finished not too long after that. He says that he met Cassie some years back at an event in New York. They dated briefly in 2011. He says that he was aware that she was dating Diddy, however, well previous to him.


'cause he says, look, I knew she was dating him before, but when, you know, we linked up, she said that that was over, that was done with. So he thought that it was all go. So then the prosecutors asked him about an incident that took place at his home December, 2011, where police had to be called to his home. And they asked him what was the incident? He says, someone broke into my house. Now, we have heard about this alleged arson incident for a very long time through civil lawsuits, through the indictments. But this was the first time me hearing, this was the first time I heard about the home break, the, the alleged home break in that he's also trying to connect to Diddy.


So he says that somebody broke into his home, so police had to be called to his house. He said he got a phone call at like five or 6:00 AM from Cassie, and she was, you know, very upset and he could tell that she was very shaken. So he didn't know what was going on. But as they're on the phone, he says that Cassie says to him that Diddy had allegedly found out about them. And he's like, I was confused because at that point I really thought that she was no longer dealing with Diddy. So when he said that, I already knew where this was going, because of how scared she sounded on the phone, especially because she was mentioning too, that like Diddy had said that he was gonna go, go, go to Kid Cutty's house and all these things.


Allegedly, he was like, all right, I just wanna go pick her up and make sure she was safe. She it specifically, he said that she sounded stressed, nervous, and scared. So he says he went and picked her up. He took her to the Sunset Marquee. The prosecutors asked him, okay, well why did you go to the Sunset Marquee? So he's like, you know, no, no reason, but, but the fact that, that's just a hotel that I used to frequent in la. And they're like, well, why did you go to a hotel? And he says, well, I took her to a hotel because I figured that that would be safe. And they're like, what do you mean that would be safe? And he said that he alleged that Cassie explained that Didi was really, really upset that Didi planned to go to his home. And he had already known the background info or some background info of the domestic violence that Cassie was experiencing, because he says Cassie had actually come out and told him that Diddy would get physical with her.


So he was like, you know, I was just nervous for her. So he got her to the Sunset Marquee, they introduced Capricorn Clark again, who has been coming up in court almost every single day at this point. And Kid Cudi. So they asked Kid Cudi, who was Capricorn Clark. So he's like, oh, that was a friend of Cassie's. So then they show a photo to him to identify her. They're like, okay, is this Capricorn Clark? And he's like, yes. So they bring the photo up, they show the jurors and all of us the photo. So he's like, you know, they, they would all hang out a lot because she was a good friend of Cassie's. So the day that all of this happened, Capricorn Clark and him ended up on the phone. Capricorn Clark and Cudi ended up on the phone.


The prosecutors asked him like, okay, well normally when you talk to Capricorn Clark, how is it? He was like, oh, normally it's on speaker phone. And she was like, but what's her like demeanor? He was like, you know, normally like, just regular, like she's on speaker phone, you know, me and her and Cassie are talking and they say the night, the day that all of this happened that Diddy found out about all this stuff and you know, the alleged breaking and, and cops coming into your home. Then the, that time when all of this happened, how did her demeanor sound? And he said that she answered the phone. And she and Capricorn Clark allegedly sound very scared. He described it as Capricorn Clark being on the verge of tears. He says that while she was on the phone, Capricorn Clark told Kid Cuddy that she was allegedly forced to go with Diddy.


She was forced into a car to go with Diddy to Kid Cuddy's house, and that Diddy was going to be at his house. When he arrived there, prosecutor said, asked Kid Cudi like, well, how did Diddy even know where to go? How did he know where your your house was at in? And he said, Cassie gave him my address. So he says, after he talked to Capricorn Clark, he then got in the car and went to his house. Like he wasn't ducking, no smoke. He got in the car, went to his house while he's driving, he says he had Diddy's number and he called Diddy, allegedly. He said, I'm a be candid. I said, Hey motherfucker, you at my house? And Diddy said, I just wanna talk to you. And Kid Cuddy said, well, I'm on my way right now.


And Diddy said, okay, I'm here waiting on you allegedly. So Diddy, he says, his voice was calm the whole time on the phone. It was a very calm demeanor. And Kid Cudi was telling the prosecutors like, you know, 'cause they asked him like, did you have cameras out front of your house? And he's like, I did have cameras. But he alleges that when he got to his home, he realized that the cameras had been, they normally angled down to the door, to the front door. And he realized that when he got to his house, the cameras eng were angling away from the door. So they didn't capture anything. Typically, he was alleging that this was done because of whoever went into his home. And he alleges that Diddy was who went into his home. So he said when he got into his home, there were like some gifts that he had brought for his family from Chanel.


So that stuff was opened. He said that his dog was allegedly locked up in a bathroom. And that was weird because he normally lets his dog roam all over the house. Like he never locks his dog in the bathroom. Now, the police a the police, the prosecutors asked, well, you know, after this incident, how was your dog? Like, how did your dog act? And he said, well, after this incident, my dog was like, very jittery, very on edge all the time. So now Kid Cudi leaves his home, he gets in his car, he's calling Diddy, allegedly, and he says, Diddy answers. And Kid Cudi was asking him like, yo, where you at? Diddy keeps saying to him, I'm on my way, I'm on my way. Like Diddy is telling him, allegedly he's on his way to his home.


And kid Cudi hangs up and he's like, you know, I took a second. And I thought about it because I, I started thinking to myself, I don't know who he's with. I don't know what he has on him. I don't know his intentions, I don't know anything. So it, it doesn't make any sense for me to try and like try and find him right now. So I to just chill. He went back to his house and then he called police again. Now, when he called police, he did make a report for the break in. And he said he saw Cassie after that, after all of this, and that she was stressed out. Now that now we move on, right? So now Christmas comes along. So after all of this, Cassie and Kid Cudi head to Cassie's parents home, not too shortly after this, head to Cassie's parents home in Connecticut.


Now we, we've heard about this visit to Cassie's parents home in Connecticut multiple times. We've heard about it from Cassie, from her point of view. We've heard about it from Cassie's mother as well briefly. And now we're hearing about it from Kid Cudi. Now Kid Cudi is saying that she needed to be around family. He says while he was there, Diddy allegedly text him a few times because remember Diddy was saying like, I, I don, I wanna talk to you, I wanna talk to you, I wanna talk to you. Because at this point now, Diddy is trying to have a conversation allegedly about what their relationship is like. He's like, okay, like I need to get to the bottom this. So Kid Cudi is like, you know, did he allegedly text him a couple times? But he didn't give him too much. So it stopped.


So then going into New Year's of January, 2020, January, 2012, their relationship like just dies out. Cassie on, you know, on her testimony said that she broke up with him going into the New Year. Kid Cudi said it just kind of like faded out. Like they just stopped talking. And for him, he said it was just a lot going on. Like he felt like it was best that they just stopped talking. 'cause it was a lot of drama. January, 2012, right? So we're into the New Year kid Cudi says he's at his ex-girlfriend's sister's house, just chilling. And then he gets a call from his dog sitter around like six, seven o'clock in the morning. And the dog sitter is like, Hey, your car is on fire in the driveway. He's like, what? So he goes home while he's on his way home, he has one of his friends send him a photo of the damage of the car.


Now here is the photos of some of the damage from the car. So as you see here, you have his rag top, a Porsche at that time, he has a rag top. The rag top was split. He says it wasn't like this before he left his house that it was split. And he did say that, of course he felt like this was done on purpose. So he says that the top was split as we see, and a cocktail was thrown into the car, which then caused the fire, fire, as we see affected. The, the immediate inside. It was in a lot that was thrown on the driver's side of the car. So here is some of the damage. So the roof was cut on the soft top of the Porsche. There's smoke damage to the driver door.


There's a seat burned up. So you guys see the red has turned black on the driver's side. Kid Cudi said that when he got back home to his house, the cops were at his house when he arrived. And the cops had, you know, verified that the cops had been thrown into his car, which caused the fire, and that they actually like showed it to him. Now, when they asked him who he thought was responsible, he of course said that he felt like it was intentional. And, and he, you know, reiterated said he believes that the damage was intentional. And he says the last time he saw Cassie just in general up until the day that we're seeing him on the stand was 2012 at the Soho House. Now he then goes into this meeting that we've been hearing a lot about.


So Cassie had testified that Diddy was still upset, allegedly, and wanted to sit down with her and Kid Cudi. So they sat down at a restaurant. Kid Cudi is like, okay, we sat down at the Soho house, but before, and this, and this wasn't in 2012, right? Because in 2012 we ran into her at the Soho house. But they're like, wait, back up. You were at the Soho House another time and, and, and you ran into Cassie. Can you talk to us about that meeting? So he's like, it was the next day after the car on fire incident, he had reached out to Diddy because at this point he says he was just tired of all of the drama. He was like, by the time it got to like the car getting set on fire, he's like, yo, this is too much. We just need to talk. So he like us. He reached out to Diddy, they met up at the Soho house.


He reached out, his manager actually reached out to D Rock, who we know has been identified as Diddy's security. So they meet up, he says he alleges when he comes in the room, they met in like a, a like a conference room in one of the Soho houses in la. But he says that those conference rooms are not there anymore. But he comes in and he said, Diddy is standing allegedly at the window. There's like a huge window on one side of the room. Diddy is standing at the window with his hands behind his back. Like he was like a, a superhero, like a Marvel super villain. That's how he described it. And everybody in the courtroom, of course, they're laughing. So then they started having a conversation and he says, you know, from the conversation, the alleged conversation, he was able to take away that Diddy felt away because they were homies at one point.


And Ken Cuddy is like, well, you know, I thought it was all fair game because I had been told that y'all were no longer together, that y'all had broken up because that's what Cassie had told me. So then he says, into that conversation, Cassie arrives into the meeting. And Kid Cudi, of course, he's like, y'all, I was, I was upset because basically like the story was fun to me, completely different. And you know, she was a little upset as well, but she was explaining how they met, how they fell in love. And again, kid Cudi keeps mentioning that Diddy's demeanor allegedly was like really calm throughout all of this stuff. He said that his demeanor was calm during the meeting to the point where like, it was almost like eerie a little bit.


So then he says at the end of the conversation, kid Cudi is like, you know, he stood up, he allegedly goes to Shake Diddy's hand. 'cause at this point now they had the conversation, it's like, all right, whatever we moving on. And kid Cutty's like, well what about my car allegedly? And Diddy is like, I don't know what you talking about. He says, a few years later he saw Diddy at the Soho house again, Diddy was with his daughter, one of his daughters. And he came up to him and just apologized and was like, yo, ma'am, I'm sorry for all that drama and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Like all those things. And then the prosecution rushed. So Brian still comes on cross and he is asking questions instantly, right? He's like, okay, let's point to the fact that there were fingerprints and DNA took from the car, correct?


And kid Cuddy's like, correct. And he's like, Brian still instantly points to the, Brian instantly points to the fact that there were allegedly findings that, that these DNA, you know, and all that stuff pointed back to a woman. So now we're all like, wait, what? They objected it, he tried to act it a bunch of different ways and it just, it just was a mess. So we didn't really get too far on that, but Kid Cudi did say that he tried to stay in contact with the police so he could figure out, you know, more from the investigation and the information from the investigation. But he had never gotten anything. He never got any more information. Then Kid Cudi goes into having the conversation about, you know, with Brian still just establishing his career and all of the things, and he's like, you know, just making a point to to, to let it be known that both of them were major music artists at the time around 2012.


And he talks about the tour that Kid Cudi was on. But then he makes a point where I'm like, I get what they're trying to do, but I just, again, I don't know how this is gonna fare for the defense. Brian still makes it a point to bring up the burner phone that Cassie had, which is which, which is what Cassie had admitted that she was communicating with Kid Cudi on while they were dating because she just didn't want Diddy to find out certain things or find out about him because she just didn't think it would be safe. And she just didn't want the drama of him finding out allegedly. But Brian still leaves with a mic drop of like, she played both of y'all, right? And he was like, right. And that was it. That was all.


Now from the prosecutor side, you are looking at this like, okay, slam dunk. We got Kid Cudi on the stand testifying firsthand to what he went through the ar alleged arson, the phone calls with Diddy, the back and forth with Cassie, you know, and, and, and showing that, you know, she was trying to get away, but she just couldn't allegedly and all these things on the defense's side, right? With Brian still when he comes up, because he goes into this line of questioning about, 'cause Kid Cuddy kept mentioning that Diddy was so calm, Diddy was so calm, Diddy was so calm, right? And we had heard in other people's testimonies about Diddy allegedly carrying firearms and, you know, just different things to intimidate and to get his way and to, you know, do these different things.


So Brian still asked him like, you know, you was willing to go meet up with him, you didn't wonder or think if he might have been carrying a firearm. And he was like, didn't really think about it. And then he's like, and you say Diddy was like, he was calm, he was calm in demeanor. He was like, yeah. And then they talk about the even the home break and they're like, so there was no forced entry. They just left your door unlocked. Well, Brian still was trying to set up, was he, he, he was downplaying the, the, you know, this, this big crazy aggressive in nature gun slinging man that the prosecution is trying to set up. Let me know how y'all feeling y'all, how y'all feel like this is gonna play me, myself personally, my point of view, I don't know if this like, it, it paints a picture of an incident that happened for sure.


I think it would've been a lot more got him on Diddy on, or for the prosecutors on Diddy if they had been able to say that the DNA evidence came back as his or something on the cameras, or if there was a phone conversation or something that Diddy admitted to Emini. Here you have Kid Cutty's testimony of course, and he's there and he went through it. But Kid Cudi didn't see Diddy throw that cocktail in his car that caused the fire kid. Cutty didn't see Diddy or anyone involved. You know what, Emini here do these things. So it's like, and and the prosecution subtly very subtly leaned into there was DNA allegedly found even though they had to strike that right? Then they talked about this calm demeanor trying to make, you know, did he not seem like this big bad guy that the prosecution is trying to make him out the beat?


We'll see you guys in the next episode. I tell you every episode, because I really mean it at the end of the day, there is always so much going on and so much to talk about. Y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but, but you are right here with me every single episode And I appreciate y'all. Let's keep going. Strong low riders, bring the people on in the community, okay? Invite your home girl. Invite your bro. Everybody's asking about goodie and let them know I'm right there. I'm in the courthouse. I can bring y'all all the details right here on the podcast to invite them, tell a friend, to tell a friend. It's, it's the latest with Lauren, the Rosa. I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.