
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career and you want an education, employers respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Tired of restless nights at Lisa. They know good sleep is essential for mental, physical, and emotional health. From memory foam mattresses to hybrids that keep you cool all night long. Lisa's mattresses offer exceptional comfort and support with free delivery and 100 nights to try out your mattress in the comfort of your home. Go to lisa.com today and get 20% off all mattresses and two free pillows. That's LEES a.com. And use code iHeart for an extra $50 off your purchase. Remember, no matter who you are, there's a Lisa just for you


On todays episode of, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. I introduced to you, Dapper Dan. Now if you're not familiar, Dapper Dan is like the Yoda of fashion, but instead of using a lightsaber, he had a sewing machine. And instead of fighting Darth Vader, he was back in the eighties fighting Gucci and Louis Vuitton. And I didn't know. I didn't know. Now, very ignorantly. The very first time I ever heard of Dapper Dan was on a Jay-Z song. He said, where a g on my chest, I don't need Dapper Dan.


And I was like, hold on now. Who is Jay-Z show? Now? Is this somebody new to the Rock? But no, turns out Dapper Dan been famous. See, back in the day, Dapper Dan was taking designer fabrics and remixing them in the custom pieces for hustlers, rappers, athletes, anybody with that money on luxury brands like Gucci, Louis Vuitton, and Fendi. They wasn't checking for black folks. They didn't design for the culture. But Dapper Dan, he did custom jackets, track suits, hats, it didn't matter. He turned rappers, hustlers, and athletes into walkin billboards. You wanted a Louis Vuitton jacket with Gucci sleeves and Fendi pockets. Well, Dapper Dan had you. He was like the original Dr. Frankenstein of fashion. Jeff putting pieces together except his creations was fresh as hell.


Not scary, but it's always a plot twist. See the luxury brands that he was flipping started suing them, shut that man down like he would bootlegging DVDs in the nineties out the trunk of a Cutlass. And I'm like, dang, y'all mad at this black man for making y'all born ass designs? Cool. And see, Dapper Dan wasn't just making clothes, he was making statements. He was pretty much telling The World, look, if y'all won't let us in the front door of fashion, we'll build our own house of fashion. But in the nineties, them big brands had his Harlem store shut down. Fast forward to now, and them same hating brands is calling up Dapper Dan. Like, excuse me, do you mind working with us? See, around 2017, Gucci faced some backlash for a jacket that they had in their 2018 cruise collection.


It looked entirely too close to one of Dapper Dan's designs from the eighties. So instead of him just going back and back with the controversy, Gucci collabed with Dapper Dan to celebrate his legacy. This collab led to him opening up his own luxury studio in Harlem where he collaborates with Gucci to create custom one of a kind pieces. Now he can legally blend his signature style with the brand's iconic designs, designing for celebs and chilling in front rows like he owned the place. Legs crossed ankles showing, I bet, bro. Walking them Gucci meetings like, remember me, the dude y'all tried to sue? Yeah, I'm here now. Where's my coffee? And my Manan.


So the takeaway is this. Be like Dapper Dan. Don't wait for nobody to let you in. Kick in the dough. Wave in the four four, not literally waving in the four four, but kick in that dough, set up shop, and then make them call you later. And that's the ultimate glow up. Imagine getting kicked out of a party. Then years later, they paying you to host a party. That's the Dapper Dan effect baby. And all this time I'm thinking all the artists that have referenced Dapper Dan, Jay-Z, NAS, Pusha T currency, I'm thinking they ain't hip hop made Dapper Dan a legend. But the reality is Dapper Dan made hip hop look legendary. Them old school rap covers with dudes wearing matching outfits looking like expensive superheroes.


That was Dapper Dan. 'cause I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. I didn't Know The new year is here And I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


now. Stop hitting snooze on new tech. Upgrade the whole team@lenovo.com. Unlock ai experiences with the ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core ultra processors so you can work, create and boost productivity all on one device. Win the tech search for Business pcs@lenovo.com. Lenovo Lenovo,


The New Year's here, it's the perfect time to refresh those household essentials and score some cashback rewards with Colgate Palm Olive from toothpaste to dish soap. Chances are you've got Colgate Palm Olive products on your shopping list and in your house. Right now. We're talking brands like Colgate Soft Soap, Palm Olive, Irish, spring, Fabuloso, and TOMS of Maine. And right now, you can get up to a $10 digital Visa prepaid card when you buy up to $30 of Colgate Pub Mall of products. Here's how it works. Spend $20 on their products, get $5, spend $30, get a $10 reward. All you do is shop your favorite brands, snap a pick of your receipt and upload it to cp rewards.com. It's so easy. That's cp rewards.com. So grab what you need or maybe try something new and get rewarded just for doing your usual shopping. And start your year fresh by earning cash back rewards with Colgate Palm Olive Rewards available while supplies last limit. Apply us only 1 1 25 through 3 31 25. For full terms and conditions, visit cp rewards.com.


Do you own a business that's ready to thrive? It's time to let Intuit QuickBooks take things like unpaid invoices and tracking expenses off your plate so you can take things to the next level. Intuit QuickBooks is an all-in-one business platform that can help with those day-to-day tasks like invoicing and expenses, manage and grow your business all in one place. Intuit QuickBooks, your Way to Money, money Movement Services are provided by Intuit Payments Inc. Licensed as a money transmitter by the New York State Department of Financial Services.