
American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, a PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Life is the act of custom tion that's true for you and for cars. These, some reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is having a little technical difficulties. You know, she's out in the Atlanta. I went up Charlamagne Peace to The planet. It is Thursday.


Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening, man? Good morning. I I know y'all happy to be alive, right? Yes. You should be. Yes. Okay. Regardless of what's going on in your life, regardless of what's going on in The World, be happy to be alive. Okay. There you go. Another day to get it right. I'll get it wrong, Hopefully get it right, But if you get it wrong, it's okay. You'll learn from it. Okay. How was your night last night? Mine was good. I did absolutely, positively nothing, which I enjoy. I like doing nothing too. But, you know, I'm in the middle of, well, not in the middle 'cause it's only episode three, but I've been watching a Dead Devil Season three. I had to, I was watching White Lotus, but I had to move away from White Lotus. 'cause I don't know what season of White Lotus I was watching, but I know the last episode I saw there was a man eating another man's rear end, like a bowl of Fruit Loops.


Oh, That sounds like a dead Devil Movie. No, man. I started talking about something else, but now I'm watching Dead Devil on Disney Plus. Fantastic series. Dead Devil is, I want to tell y'all what happened last night. 'cause I woke up traumatized about it this morning. But don't worry about it. But if you saw episode three last night, you know how te you know how horrifying that was. Man. Somebody just out there trying to do the right thing, you know, getting in trouble for doing the right thing, then having to deal with the powers that be. And I, nevermind. I don't wanna get Yeah, please. I have no idea what you're talking about. Don't Worry about it. But, but tens of millions of people do. Okay. Yes. All right. Well, also, again, salute to Jess Solaris. She's out in Atlanta. She had a couple of comedy shows and she's having some technical difficulties. We'll get her on in a second. It's Lu Atlanta, man, Louis v. Get it right, you know.


Yeah. You know, we gonna be in Atlanta April, April 26th for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, like it's been the last couple of years. So go get your tickets right now at Black effect.com/podcast Festival. Alright. Right now, comedian Kev, on stage, we'll be joining us this morning. Man. Kev on stage is, you know, he, he's been, he's been moving on the internet for a while right now. But now he's got what? He's got a show on BET called Churchy Church. Yeah. He's going into season two. He's on tour for his life from the back Pew tour. That's right. Yeah. Amongst other things. That's right. So, we'll, we'll talk to him in a little bit. We'll talk All things Kevin, on stage this morning. Are you tired of Trump yet? Am I tired of Trump? Yeah. Every day is something new. Emini here, he's the president. It just doesn't stop. He's the president of the United States of America.


There's Been a lot of presidents, but it's not like this. I don't think you should ever get tired of the political process. Local. Local are national. I think that, I think that when you get tired, that's when, that's when you get taken advantage of. I don't think we should ever get tired. Okay. Tired is not the word, but we got, And I, I'm interested, I watch CNN and M-S-N-B-C and Fox News every day. It's very, all of this is very interesting to me right now. Alright. I just was listening to the the Weekly Show podcast with John Stewart on the way in. I just finished the episode he had with Oh Man, was her name. Her name was Maria ssa. That was a fantastic episode. Emini here, if you're looking for, looking for a podcast to get actual information that is actually rooted in the reality of what's going on in America, you should listen to The Weekly Show podcast with John Stewart.


All right, well, when we come back, we got Morgan Wood joining us. She'll feel us. Same in front page news. I'm sure there'll be about Trump's tariffs. I'm sure there'll be about more tariffs. And more tariffs. And more tariffs. Yeah. So how can you get tired of something that's impacting us all? That is our shared reality. The cost of goods. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne the God, how y'all feeling? Good. Blessed black and highly favored. How you feeling, Morgan? I'm feeling good, but you know I am tired Tariff. Tired tariff. Okay, let's get into it. I know you was talking about it before the break envy, or before the Song Envy.


So, president Trump's tariffs on steel and aluminum are getting responses from the Europe, from Europe and Canada. The tariffs are 25% on metals that come into the us and that's from any country in The World, including our allies. Imagine that. So it's expected to raise the cost for US automakers and other industries. Although the move is supported by many American steel and aluminum manufacturers. Now, meanwhile, the European Union announced it will impose counter tariffs on US goods worth $28 billion. Canada also announced it will put 25% reciprocal tariffs on around $20 billion of all American goods. So let's Just say that it, we stand to spend a lot more in the coming days.


So this Comes, yeah, America. This is not what we voted for either, by the way, you know, folks voted. Oh yeah, folks voted for Trump 'cause he said he was gonna prove the economy immediately. Mm. That is not happening. Well, he said, you know, don't forget about those eggs that have dropped. Well, you, you know what's so funny, just the egg. Yo, last week when I was on my podcast, I was talking about how come everyone is so focused on eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs, eggs. 'cause Trump said he won the election with one word, which was groceries. Right? So now he's saying the cost of eggs is down, but what about everything else? But that's what happens when they get us focusing on one thing. No facts, because I don't even eat eggs whole time. So, but let's get into it. Trump, this comes as President Trump says, the European Union has treated the US badly for years.


He commented on the new tariffs announced by the eu while meeting with Ireland's prime minister in the Oval Office yesterday, saying the EU was set up to take advantage of the United States. Trump said, past leaders have put America in a bad spot. So let's hear more from President Trump in regards to those. I'm Not knocking it, they're, they're doing what they should be doing perhaps for the European Union. But it does create ill will. And as you know, we're gonna be doing reciprocal tariffs. So whatever they charge us, we're charging them. Nobody can complain about that. Whatever it is, it doesn't even matter what it is. If they charge us, if they charge us 25 or 20%, or 10% or 2%, or 200%, then that's what we're charging them.


And so I don't know why people get upset about that, because there's nothing more fair than that. Thoughts. The United States us Charge Them. My thoughts are the United States leaders are putting Americans in a bad spot. I know they love to get us to look at everybody else, but Doge firing all those federal workers, that's America doing that, you know, these tariffs Trump is implementing, that's America doing that. So Emini here, I know we can wanna point the fingers at other leaders, but our leaders are putting us in a very bad spot right now, economically, Are we talking leaders with a plural? Okay, hold on. In other news. But relative a stopgap funding bill is headed to the Senate with its fate uncertain as Friday's deadline to avoid government shutdown looms. Now, democratic Congressman Tom Suzi voted against the bill saying it's not smart to further empower the efforts of Doge, despite the fact that Republicans are happy with the results.


He slammed Republicans saying they have yet to come to the negotiating table. Can we hear more from Tom Suzi? The bottom line is, if you wanna get a deal done, you have to negotiate. And there's been no negotiation whatsoever. This has been a my way or the highway deal since the very beginning. Bottom line is the Republicans control the presidency. They control the Senate and they control the house. They're in charge. They're running the whole thing. This is on them. And there's gonna be a lot of finger pointing back and forth. But if you wanna get a deal done where you need the other side's votes, you have to negotiate. That said, and the President said the same thing when it came to, you know, these wars in terms of, of, of ending these, these wars going on, whether it be the Ukraine, Russian War, or what's going on with Hamas and, and Israel.


He says, you gotta talk to both sides in order to negotiate. So, hey, the Bill narrowly passed the house on Tuesday by a vote of two 17 and two 13. But all but one Republican supported the six month stock gap measure. While Republicans control a slight majority in the Senate. Kentucky's Rand Paul, he said he's firmly ag he stands firmly against the bill Now Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer, says Democrats have the votes that they need to block the Republican spending bill. So we will see what happens to today. Hopefully today they can come to some sort of an agreement. And speaking of Chuck Schumer, you know, president Trump called him a Palestinian. I'll get more into that at the seven o'clock hour, but you know, it's getting real petty, real petty on capitol Getting 2016.


Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's This? It's Xavier outta Houston, Texas. What? What up Xavier, get off your chest. What up? Houston H Town. How y'all doing this morning? Good, good, good. Talk us brother. Man. I'll never vote for another Democrat again. Why? What's up? How, how do Trump try sign a hundred executive orders and you give up?


You get a million promises from a Democrat, but that don't never come through with one promise. They give you, You know, brother, you're not wrong. You know, you got one party that's about action and you got one party that's about inaction and you know, so I was literally having that conversation with a good friend of mine this week. That is why people have soured on Democrats, you know, regardless of what Republicans are doing, you see Republicans doing something? Well That's what I asked Congressman Al Green. I'm like, well, does this change the landscape of being a president? When if we get a, a Democratic president back in office, does he do the same thing executive orders and do, do what he has to do? Or does he sit back and just watch? 'cause Trump does what he wants to do. Right? I know it's, I know it's not ideal to sit home on the couch and not vote again because I don't wanna vote Republican either. But at the same time, man, it gotta something gotta be done right for us.


I know everybody voted For Trump. We wish they voted for Kamala this Time. I'm gonna always vote my interest though, though. I'm not gonna ever say things like, I'm never gonna vote for a Democrat ever again. But I, I don't, I can't see Democrats getting back in office no time soon unless something changes drastically. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. It's Ally out in Houston. How are y'all? Hey, Houston's on the ch on the phone. Crazy. Good morning, ally. Hey, good morning. How's everybody doing? Back and Holly favor, by the way. I wanna say something man. Houston has like probably top three most beautiful women in, in, in, in The World. Houston women are amazing. I happen, I happen to agree. I happen to agree. She said I happen to be one. Yes. Well, And I also love them. So good morning. So I have to get it off my chest.


Charlamagne. I love y'all. I listen every day usually through the app because I don't catch y'all in the morning. However, I was listening this morning And I keep hearing when we're talking about the gender conversation. So when you're saying, you know, there's two genders, right? There's the executive order and Trump said whatever he said two genders. And you're saying, you know, you don't understand that. You know why, like, what's the question? There's two genders, right? But transgendered women are women. Transgendered men are men. It's not like a third gender out there. So, so when you're saying like, oh, they're just using the right orders. No they're not.


Because if they were a transgendered woman is a woman that is the gender. So does that make sense? Like, I feel like we've gotta clarify that a little. Well, according to a little, according to President Trump's executive order, there are two genders, male and female. Right. And a transgender woman is a female, a transgender male is a male. I'm Following a transgender, a male. I'm following, IM just following the rules there. He signed an executive order. That's right. You do. And there's male and female. That's correct. That's it. I don't That's right. Yep. I And I we're saying the same thing. So a transgender woman is a woman. You see what I'm saying? We're saying the same thing. No, I'm following Executive Voice. Well, listen, those executive orders, they don't, it doesn't make sense.


'cause a transgender woman is a woman. I, so that is the gender. You ex women are women. I think. I don't, I'm I'm not having this conversation. This is why I don't care. I'm gonna be honest with you. I don't care. God. I want everybody to be peaceful. I want, I think everybody has the right to exist. I just don't care. I'm not, I'm not sitting there exercising no brain power on this conversation anymore for the rest of my life. Now that I can honestly say I'm not exercising any brain power on for the rest of my life. And That's okay. I feel like we gotta care about, listen, you have listeners who are identify all kinds of ways. Yes, I do. But I feel like it's important to care. It's important to care. I agree. And, And I And I respect their right to exist. I want, I respect everybody's right to exist. Absolutely. Well, we can agree on that. I hope y'all have a great morning and, and be blessed.


Yes, indeed. All righty. Don't edit that either. Keep all that in. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit this up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? This bird. What a why? Good morning Bird. What up? Get it off your chest. Hey, I just wanna bring notoriety out there to all the women that go out to the clubs and it's still people out here spiking drinks and putting drugs in their drinks.


Last Sunday, my wife, she went out with her friends And I ended up having to take her to the hospital 'cause somebody in up putting something in a drink. Dang. I just want women to be more aware of what's going on out here. Damn. How did she, how did she catch it? Like how did, how did you know something bad not happen? Yeah, I was gonna ask, did somebody buy her a drink or, yeah. How'd she get it? Somebody end up passing her a drink at the club and then she came home blacked out. Thank God she was with her friends and they brought her home And I had to take her to the hospital and everything. And we're trying to get through this process now and taking legal matters. Damn. Well I'm glad everything worked out. That could have went way worse. My brother Absolutely. I know Sex track is at an all time high And I want to give her TikTok a shout out 'cause she's putting out her story and getting supportive from getting support from all the women that that's out there.


And she been through, there's a lot of women that said it happened to them at this club. Okay, where is that? You not, you put it, put Emini here. You gotta tell the Club A TikTok. The TikTok is the Real Beef family on TikTok and the club is real. All right brother. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? What up man? DJ Rock. A k Mr. Myrtle Beach. What up Solo Envy. What's up? 8, 4 3. What's happening in Myrtle this morning? Man, You already know what it is. Yo, this envy man. Your envy. First of all, I gotta tell you man, that's fuck you Jay-Z call us List said, I think it's J's birthday or something. You play that song. I love that song. I play excellent. I love that old song To look for that from the old album, from my old DJ album.


Yeah. Thank you brother Nick. Yo, I know you know people that know people, man. I'm a DJ Beach Brother Beaches a very diverse place and people part of it. All K Hair Myrtle got this song. I they haven't holding it on for a long time, man. I know. You know people that know people on record. I got the idea for an artist like Bruno Mar. That would be crazy, man. You know what the song Rick Rubin did? I got Walk His Way Run? Yes sir. Yo song that Bruno Mar could either get with either like Cardi B or Megan. I got that would be a crazy remix. Don't you produce It? Why don't you find a producer and produce and then send it over to them? You gotta produce it. You gotta make it. And I want you to make it, Bro.


And I not envy talk. Like it's just so easy to send a record to Cardi b Megan The stallion. Well, you gotta make the record. He didn't even make the record. Shut up man. Gotta make, gotta make this man. This man is in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You know what Emini here, he don't have no industry connections. That's why he's calling the radio station to see if, if we can help him. But He's, he's not, he didn't even make the beat yet. He's not. Right. What I'm saying, what he done, he Said he did. What I'm saying is all you need to do, get my telephone number never caller ID or get my Instagram level. L-E-V-E-L-Z off number two DJ Rock level two DJ Rock. Let me pick you this Id with it, bro. We can be paid together. That's what I'm saying. I Love, I love you to death, brother.


But I don't, I don't, I don don't deal with artists and producers no more artists are crazy. And I I I I'll tell you what we'll do, we'll put you on hold and we're gonna connect you with Trav. Trav is the guy who calls up here all the time. But you know, one thing that people don't know about Trav Trav is a great songwriter and producer. He can help you out with that. There you go. I'm serious. He Laughing because he know who Trav is. Trav is dope. I saying But all and trust me. Listen, listen, you never know who people gonna be in the future, but I'm telling you Trav Trav got a lot of talent. That's Not what he wanted to hear. He wanted you to connect them to Bruno malls and Cardi B. No, that's not how things work. It's a process. Eddie get give him Travis info.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess, you good? Yeah, I'm good. All right. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yes, we do. Now this is being reported and if it is true, Teyana Taylor, she took Aman jumper to the cleaners. They have a multi-million dollar divorce settlement. The news just broke. We gonna get into it. All right, we'll talk about that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody know, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything.


She be having the latest on you, Lord, the latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, Talk to me. All righty y'all. Also, as of right now, it is being reported by the Express Tribune that Teyana Taylor and Amman Shumpert have finalized their divorce. And that Teyana Taylor will walk away with millions in assets and other things. So to break it down, Teyana will get four luxury homes, according to the outlet, valued at over $10 million. She'll get a onetime seven figure payout from Iman Shumpert. She'll receive a few cars including a $300,000 Mayback, a $70,000 sprinter in a tour bus.


She's allowed to remain in full ownership of her businesses. Amman is reportedly required to pay $8,000 a month in child support for their two daughters. And Amman will also have to cover the private school tuition of the babies, ensuring that their state of living and wellbeing is well kept. I don't believe it. So what's left? Jesus, I don't believe none of that. That's, that's, that's story don't sound true at all. What's, what's Left? Nothing at all. If this is true, I, and I've reached out to attorneys and representatives for Iman and Teyana. So I'm trying to figure out what's happening here, what's real, what's not? Because you, You know why I don't believe that story number one? 'cause it sounds unbelievable, but also because it's only reporting on what Teyana allegedly got. Mm. If it's a divorce settlement, it would tell you what a mind got as well.


Yeah, because the way that the report is is is like written. It's like they both agreed to this and back in like June, there have been conversations in verified reports that they were actually at a point where they were having conversation and coming to an ending and that they had like a deadline on it. So yeah, there I feel like we would hear something from sides. And What was this file that allegedly what what, what was this? This Georgia. Georgia. Yeah. Georgia. And it don't, no, none of the story tell you what the mom got. Nope. Not at all. I don I don't believe that's, I I really don't believe that this is, this is factual. That's why, you know, I reached out, but woo, if whatever it is, we'll update. He got, he got some hot fire. He got music. That's why he doing music. He Just dropped a single yesterday. Right? A there ago. Imagine the Montana. All I want is the studio. Nah, I saw Jess. Jess. I didn't music know if he dropped music until I saw your video, Jess, that you posted.


I was like, oh shoot, look at That. Oh, the Jess with the mess. Yeah. I was like, Oh wow. Okay. Yaman. All righty then. Yep, yep, Yep. Got Imon. Actually can't rap though. I I will see he can actually rap. Hell No, no, no. He can rap Annie, he can act Emini here. He, he in a lot of films. I like Him as well. Yeah, he's in some films. He been doing some things so Well in other news. So you guys remember the track star who was caught on camera allegedly hitting her opponent with the baton as they were racing? Yes. So she has actually been charged with an assault charge after the viral clip. So the Lynchburg Commonwealth's attorney's office reported to Daily Mail that they have actually issued a petition for one count of assault and battery against a Layla Everett. That is the one, the, the girl that had the baton in her hand.


Now the track meet was in Virginia and the person that she struck, the little girl she struck allegedly is Kayleen Tucker. And they were running a four by 200 meter relay event at the time that this happened. Now both girls had spoke out a lot of people, a lot of people when not ala when when you said, When you say little girl, how, how old are they? These Two girls are, lemme look it up. Yeah. In high school because They were like 15. I thought they one was 15 or something like that. Yeah, They're, they're really young. I could be wrong. High school. I'll look up the age while we take a listen to this audio because Alila Everett spoke out and people were not feeling what she had to say. Let's take a listen. They going off of one angle. Like I know what happened but I can't, I don't have enough.


Like they went on the news. I'm just a person by myself. Nobody's gonna believe me because I can admit from the video it does look purposeful. But I know my intentions And I would never hit somebody on purpose because of jealousy. What Would you say to her in this moment? I would apologize. I'm sorry you couldn't compete for a 300 meter dash, but everybody has feelings. So jeez, you are physically hurt, but you're not thinking of my mental Right. Hundreds of thousands of people attacking me and all of, like, her family is thinking of, oh, my daughter's hurt so I don't care about her feelings. Damn. You probably wasn't jealous. No, you don't hit nobody 'cause you jealous. You probably hit 'em 'cause you was frustrated and in the moment you swung that my back and was like ing and shorty was like, oh, you know what, Emini here.


So yeah, But hit her in the head. The the young girl got a concussion. They said Yeah, like she fell on the floor. What do you mean Wasn't able to compete after they're in high school? I don't see the age, but they're, they are in high school. I'm still looking for that. And I Got a metal baton. Yeah. Yes. And I, I know she's young, but you know, you, you do hear a lot of ego in her statement. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? When she was like, I would never hit nobody outta jealousy and envy. You're kind of telling on yourself and then she's like, I'm sorry you couldn't compete with me in the 300 meter. Like what? Right. Like as you're pouring crying rivers, like Right. Like I know you got feelings but nobody's thinking about me. You might be heard, think about me, me, me. I'm Getting me. I'm getting attacked. And poor shorty is like, yo, I have a concussion. Like Physically attacked. Are you talking about And you're getting attacked because you made a poor choice. Yeah. And there's consequences to your poor choice.


And whatever you say it looks like you hit her over the head from that video. Looks like you hit y'all Only seeing one angle. That's the only angle we need to see. Anybody. I've never seen anybody's honestly baton go that high. It to Her benefit is no more angles. Honestly. Listen, because from those bet it would've been crazy to Oh goodness. Even see That. Like Now Jess, let me ask you a question. You're a mom, right? Your, your child is running child and that your child gets hit over the head. What happens next? Jess is joining the track team. What are you talking about? Whatcha talking about? I'm down there Like, you know what Emini here, it's like as a parent, what do you do in that situation? Right? You watching your baby girl run and then you see the, the girl hit her over the head and she falls on the floor and she got a concussion. Well like what do you, what does a parent do at that point?


Mm. See the thing is I know I would, it, it would take everything from me not to go on the field, but at the same time I would be more upset with her response, what she just said. I agree. I would be way more upset with that. 'cause you don't even have no type of empathy, no Remorse. I agree. No, no remorse at all. That's Crazy. Well, we also have the clip from when Kaleen Tucker, who was the, the, the woman who, or the girl who got got hit, got hit with the baton. We have the audio from when she spoke at as well too. Let's take a listen On the back curve. I had kind of got cut off And I tried to pass her the first time. So I let her go ahead. So I knew like when I got fully on the curve that I was just gonna have to push through and pass her. I still can't believe it. I'm still in shock. Like everyone's texting me, checking up on me And I appreciate that.


But like, I'm still trying to take it all And I can't believe it happened. Why would you, why did you do it and why haven't you apologized yet? Well, she did apologize. Right? Didn't she apologize? She said well She did that first. She did that video first. Yeah. I apologize. But You know what Emini here that's, I had one young lady with high emotional intelligence and one who doesn't have high emotional intelligence. But I hope that neither one of these young ladies let this moment defy them Correct. For the rest of their lives. Absolutely. Yeah. And judges define Them. Judges actually were they, they saw what happened and they, and they called it an attack and they disqualified neuro comms team for the contact interference or physically interfering with another runner's actions. Was she arrested? Is she charged? Right now? The the charge just came down last night.


So I don't have any information on an arrest, but the charge just came down last night. So what's she Charged with? Assault? Yeah, assault and battery. I believe I I said at the top of this, let me go back to it. She, she, she earned that man. Yep. She's facing one count of, of, of assault and battery. Very Sad. She earned that. And I hope she learns from this situation. All right. And I do believe she is truly hurt, but she's hurt because it's happening to her. She not even hurt 'cause she hit the girl. Right. 'cause everybody's attacking her. That's I'm saying. She Said hundreds of thousand of people attacking me. It's not an attack. They're they're, they're holding you accountable for something that they saw you do that they think was ridiculous. Well She did say she was receiving death threats too. Aaliya, alah Everett, the girl who had the baton who allegedly hit the other girl.


You know what's So crazy? That's kind of like, that's, that's a an I hate to say normal, but that's a normal thing on the internet. You know, you gonna get somebody gonna threaten to kill you online. Yeah. All the time. It happens. It happens all the time. Literally Just happened to me like a couple days ago. Yeah. Dang. Happens all the time when I used to be, And I ain't been on Twitter since 2019, but when I used to be on Twitter, I would just wake up and tweet thankful for thank you God for another day of life. And there'd be people, I I wanted you to die. I wish you died this morning. So it's just like Jesus, that's kind of just the internet way. Yeah. I get it. I understand you should take all threats serious. But that's kind of like a regular common thing on the internet. Somebody want you Say something somebody doesn't like. Yeah. If you say something to somebody doesn't like, they won't kill you immediately. Man, I hope you die man. People want me to die because I done told y'all the Shaq living like neo man, they in the comments Tombo Jess, how could you like they mad it than him.


And I'm going back over there tonight. But it's the Craziest thing, Like put his toes up now though. If You go over there and you don't get a video of them White horse. I'm gonna be highly upset at you Jess. We need intel. He having a game night, yo. So I'm gonna get some footage. I got you. Alright. He Just heard that now you Uninvited. All right. Right. And the and the Alila Everett is 18 years old. She's 18. Yes. Oh wow. So so she'll be Charles as an adult problem. Mm. Wow. Wow. Alright, well that's the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got front page news and then comedian Kev on stage will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. DJ Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah. What's up Envy Charlamagne Jesse. Y'all good? Peace Morgan? Yep. Alright, so look, if you missed it in the six o'clock hour, we were talking briefly about how President Trump called Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer, a Palestinian that's real rich, considering that Schumer is Jewish. So yeah, he went after the Senate minority leader during his Oval Office meeting yesterday with Ireland's prime minister and Trump called, yes, the first Jewish Senate leader in US history. A Palestinian, let's hear that audio. And Schumer is a Palestinian as far as I'm concerned. You know, he's become a Palestinian. He used to be Jewish. He's not Jewish anymore.


He's a Palestinian. Yeah. So Trump's comment comes as he was criticizing Democrats regarding, you know, of course everything, the bill and all everything just everything. Schumer has been critical of Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. And then during a rally last summer, Trump called Schumer a proud member of Hamas. So, you know, that's not cool, but you know, that's our president. Meanwhile, new Yorkers should listen up. Okay.


Borders are Tom Holman. He Is American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Shoot a warning to New York Governor Kathy Holl that ICE agents could soon flood New York if she doesn't cooperate with the federal immigration crackdown. Holman was in Albany on Wednesday meeting with GOP lawmakers when he issued the warning during a news conference. Let's hear more from Border Czar. Tom Holman. Sanctuary city is gonna get exactly what they don't want. More agents in the community and more collateral arrest. 'cause you have forced us in the community 'cause you failed to let us in the jail. So Holman went on to criticize a New York governor, Kathy Ho's immigrant friendly policies, but had nothing but praise for New York City Mayor Eric Adams for quote, working with the Trump administration on rounding up illegals who commit crimes.


What do you guys think this is gonna impact your, a lot of, a lot of the listeners Emini Here, if there are illegals that commit crimes, I have no problem with, I have no problem with ICE doing that job if they're illegals that are committing crimes. So would you consider being here, you know, not necessarily having your papers a, a crime? Are you talking violent offenders or are we just talking just people just regular, just being here illegally. If they're here, illegal Emini here. If they're here Emini here. If they're here illegally, they're here illegally. If it like, you know, here's the thing, we're acting like this hasn't happened in America before. We do know who we're Acting like. The system isn't backed up. Emini here. It could be you could be a a citizen and the system is backed up. Emini here, let's look at what's going on with this program. But You didn't say nothing but you didn't say a citizen though. You said somebody who's here illegally. Right?


Okay. But you're conflating it too. If you're, if you're a citizen, you're a citizen. If you're here illegally, you're here illegally. I don't know what to tell people. Alright, well, you know, this comes as the federal judge is ruling that a pro-Palestinian Columbia University activist will remain jailed in Louisiana following yesterday's deportation hearing in New York. Now remember Mahmud Khalil, he is a green card holding citizen. He also has or had a student visa Manhattan Federal judge, Jesse Ferman has ruled that Milla Khal will remain held in Louisiana while he fights or ways further arguments in the deportation case. Now again, as mentioned before, he is a green card holder. He was arrested by his, at his Columbia owned apartment on Saturday night by ice agents.


The White House says his pro-Palestinian activism was anti-Semitic and pro Hamas, his lawyers plan to file a new petition to free him while federal prosecutors are filing papers arguing the case should be moved out of New York. Now look at this particular case. You know, Charlemagne, he's a green card holding citizen in the sense, or they, they have ac actually since revoked that card, but he, he's in trouble for simply protesting. I've been talking, I've been saying it all week. That's the story everybody should care about. Like I I've been saying it all week. He has a green card. He should be able to protest, he should have freedom of speech. He should be, yep. I may not agree with even, even if I don't agree with what he's saying, I agree with his right to say it. As long As he didn't break the laws, he he should be fine. But, but you, but when you're saying people are here illegally, that's different.


If you say somebody's here illegally. If you say somebody's here illegally and they're committing crimes, that's a different conversation than somebody who is an actual citizen who has a green card. What about illegally impending? You know, you waiting on this, you waiting on that? That's where I was getting at when I'm saying the system is backed up off. Oh, so when you say pending, you mean like they just didn't get their card yet? Yeah, they haven't got their card yet. They're going through the process. They're trying to, you know, but you know, in the midst of them going through the process, you have all these crackdowns going on. Emini here, you could, trying to go to the grocery store and get pulled up on by Ice Emini here. Who knows? I Don't, I don't know how that works. Is is it like, is it like when you, when you, you know, first get a car and you don't have your license plate and everything yet, but they give you, they give you you something, You gotta fill out certain documents and documents gotta be scanned.


I Don know how that works. I don think Your passport, like if you go and you, you know, you waiting for a passport, but everything backed up. But what somebody else would say too, if you're in another country and your documentation is expired, they're gonna deport you as well. If you're in another country and you don't have the right documentation and you get stopped and you get pulled over, they're gonna send you outta there. Yeah. Emini Here we're acting like ICE hasn't always existed in some capacity and ice hasn't always been doing things like this. You know what Emini here, like, Okay. No, for sure, for sure. But then also things change with different administrations. You know, you have refugee programs, there's all different types of things. Whereas now this administration is like cracking down a just basically if you're here, like you said illegally, you gotta go. Right. All right guys, let's move on from this topic. But Colorado Congresswoman Lauren Bobert is being criticized for her comments about black congressman.


The black congressman who disrupted President Trump's speech last week. Representative Al Green, while she referred to the Texas representative saying he was shaken his pimp cane at the president during a segment on a, a conservative cable network. Real America's voice news last Friday. Let's hear those comments from Lauren Bobert. Pimp Kain. For him to go and shake his pimp cane at President Trump was absolutely abhorrent. So the Democratic congresswoman, Chrissy Houlahan from Pennsylvania has since introduced a resolution to have Colorado's bobert censured. You remember Al Green was censured in the house last week after he was removed from the house chamber during that March 4th speech, green had stood up shouting while waving his walking cane, not pimp cane.


And Houlahan says Bert's comments were racist and derogatory. What do you guys think? It's crazy. I think everybody need to start conserving their energy, man. And pick your battles. I Emini here, there's so many things that we should be going at right now. Yeah. Race Stars getting disrespectful. When you, when you say the brother got a pimp cane, it is a walking ca. Like what, what would he say? Only ahoe would know what a pimp can look like. Crazy. It's crazy. Like you don't, they gotta stop disrespecting people. Now I've heard way worse than saying you Right. You know, Emini here than that is all I'm saying. You know? No, mark, you, you make me do want to have somebody up here who's an expert on deportations and immigration because I just, you know, like, like I said, we we're all up in arms now about ice saying they want to deport illegals.


You know, Obama deported a record over 400,000 unauthorized immigrants in 2013. They used to call Obama the deporter in chief. So I wonder what he was doing differently. That's all I'm say, I just wanna know. No, sure. No, for sure. You Know, we like to pick and choose what we get outraged over based on, you know, who does it, who like, yeah. So I just, I just want to know, you know, when they, when they talked about the record high of deportation of immigrants in 2013 that President Obama did. I just wonder, you know, what was, we all understand? Yeah. What was the status of those people, you know? Right. No, for sure. We should all understand. We should all come to understand exactly what's going on in our country. All right y'all. Well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeart radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. I'll be out for a few days and my BIN baddies, Brie and Mimi will be filling in. So y'all hold them down and be nice. Okay? Be nice. All right y'all. Thank you Morgan. Enjoy, Enjoy wherever you going girl. Alright, All y'all now when we come back, Kev on stage will be joining us. We gonna be kicking with Kev on stage. Comedian, when we come back, don't move us The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club l the Rosa filling in for just this morning and we got a special guest in the building. We have Kev on stage.


Yes sir. What's Up y'all? How you feeling? Good morning. Good. I I've been wanting to hear that for a long time. How are you my brother? I'm good man. Thank you guys for having me. You know, there's some people who might know ke. I got a two part question. Who number one, who is Kev on stage and who is Kevin Frederick? Oh, it's a good question. Kev on stage is probably the performative version of Kevin Fredericks. Kevin on stage is a comedian entertainer. Pretty much do anything to make you laugh. I feel like Kevin Fredericks is a father, husband, business person. That's it. I think it's two sides. When I'm, when I'm at home, I'm Kevin Fredericks, I, I make my family laugh and I'm not like, yo, let me see this. Boom, boom, boom. You know what I'm saying? But when I leave that house, I'm Kevin on stage.


You know what I'm saying? So yeah, I think that's the difference. How'd you get into comedy? Especially coming from the church? Yeah, I think and You are a clean quote unquote clean comic as they say. Yeah. And when I say clean, I just don't cuss. Okay. I was about to say 'cause yeah, because Clean has different connotations. Like you can be clean where there's no vulgar material at all. You don't touch certain subjects. I really just don't cuss. I talk about everything else in my life. Everything else that I think is funny, I just don't cuss. I say too though, like I just, as a church kid, I could not cuss. My mom would rather me bring home a child than to cuss. Really? Yes. Cussing was so bad And I, you know, a lot of churches, Wilson premarital sex way worse. Really? What's a little baby amongst friends and family? You have a baby, but cussing in the house, she was like, absolutely not.


And I didn't trust myself to cuss at school and not cuss at home like most of the church kids did. So I pretty much did. You know, I had premarital sex. I just never cuss. But don't, don't practice bad habits is what you No, nah. I just never, I, I felt like they would catch me slipping and it's actually really a tool for me in comedy. I think a lot of times you gotta work a little bit harder if you ain't cussing. Sometimes cuss words are just funny. So you just throw it out there and it's funny. But to answer your question, my comedy started in church, like making people laugh in church after church. My grandma would be like, do that thing Sister Daniels did when she fell over. Do that, do that person shout, do how that person preached. And I, I, I would get to stay in the living room a little longer around grown folks and stuff like that. So once I realized, oh, this gets me attention, this gets me perks, I started leaning into that.


And you know, black churches is where a lot of performers get their first start. So I, I did a talent show in church 16 And I was like bitten by the bug then. And then shout out to Nate Jackson, a real big comedian now. He had a comedy club in Tacoma and he let me do 20, 25 minutes at his club every Thursday for like two years. And that's where I really, really honed my craft. After college, I was just going there every week and a lot of times we had a lot of regulars there, so I couldn't do the same material. So I'd have to like do new jokes, get better, do new stuff. So I think that's, the church gives me the performance. The club helped me sharpen my tool. Like what made you keep saying the N word? Because I'm trying not to say the N word no more. Really. Really? What made you not curse but say the N word.


You know, that wasn't a cuss word to me. Yeah. Like there was certain words that my mom, but Just say she man been saying it for 15 years. He been trying to stop saying the N word. Oh, have You? It's hard not to, you know what I'm saying? Digging. It's hard not to use it. I think as a black kid, all my friends were saying it was in black culture, movies, tv, and it wasn't a cuss word to my mom, it wasn't on the list. Like some people couldn't say lie. Like my wife, she couldn't say lie in the house. My family ed off wasn't a cuss word and just didn't really bother me. I didn't say it a lot at home, but it didn't raise no flags. So those was like the one curse word I could say. So I said it so much. I, I wanted to ask you about, you know we had Big Mac here, something back about producers and he was talking about what you did during Covid.


Yeah. He was very impressed of, of how Covid, who had everybody locked down. You made it into a business and a successful business. He said he seen you go from small house to medium house to bigger house, to different car, to this, to this, that, and y. So tell the people what you did during Covid, that was something that was totally different. Yeah, there were some other things in there, but that was the most visible shout out to Spectrum. Appreciate y'all keep your distance. Comedy was our Covid VID comedy relief situation. So what I did in LA obviously everything was locked down during Covid and then we got the notification that you could have up to 25 people outside socially distanced two people here, six feet, two more people. And I could never do the Zoom comedy.


I could never get into it because comedy is about timing. And that short delay from Zoom response, it threw me off. Some people could do it, I just, I needed instant reaction, know if it's funny or not. So once they did that, I had the idea of like, okay, if we get people to come outside luckily LA is warm and it doesn't rain that often and we could split them up and get 25 people. I'll bring the comics in, we'll do covid testing, put 'em up and we'll live stream the comedy. 'cause we didn't have nothing to do. Like we watching verses and you know, me and my wife was like, we was having like fight parties for verses. I was like, we really, she's making nachos. You know what I'm saying? We like have The best parties. Yeah. Like them verses party of the early verses. That was the only thing to look forward to. Yeah. Like new.


Interesting. Didn't even care about the the quality. It was like, oh, verse is coming on. So I was like, what if we do that for comedy? And that's basically where the idea came from. You said you running outta alley. We, it was like the back parking lot of our partners studio. Like it was a back parking lot Emini here. We literally had 25, 30 people maxed, maybe 35 including the comics. And we needed the comics. We were like, y'all stand here too. So we have as much audience as possible. We had a covid test. Every single person, it was like $200 a test. It was crazy expensive. But yeah, I flew all these comics in and we live streamed their sets. We have like six com comedians. Probably did over 150 micro specials over the two year period. Introduced a lot of comics to a lot of different people.


A lot of people to live. A lot of different comics. A lot of comics. Biggest YouTube video is their Keep your distance special. It was like my proudest moment to, to create opportunities to see black comedians put some money in their pockets, give them some tape to show the comedy clubs. Like I would ask them like, yo, can you send me your tape so I could market it? And they like, bro, I don't have no tape because most comedy clubs are drab and dark and you know, it's not quality. So we gave them their specials to do with what they wanted afterwards. So they put 'em up on YouTube or chop 'em up and make reels. And it was fantastic. Dave Chappelle actually executed it first. Like I had the idea and then I saw him do it in Ohio. So that was like, oh great, now I can say just how Dave did that. Right? That's how we're gonna do it. So I'm there. Right. You said you had no less than 10,000 people on the stream every other week.


Right? Right. It was every other week. That was early Covid. So as guidelines relaxed, the ticket sales went down. Okay. So the at the top, at the peak of it was 10,000 tickets. 14,000 tickets. And we were averaging about 10,000 tickets. And that's like just people who purchased, but people were having basically five parties. They'd have 10, 15 people. So it was like almost closed circuit TV parties. So, but as each state, once Atlanta was outside then it was less then Texas it was less. But we did it for about two years straight and it was, it was fantastic. And I know, and now that's on Amazon. You can go watch those, all those specials on Amazon. First of All, your partnerships go crazy. Yeah. Because you had for real Amazon, didn't I? So I was gonna ask you after that, I know you did something with Patreon with the women in comedy.


Yeah. 'cause you forgot the women a lot in the pandemic. I no, I didn't, I didn't forget the women. I made sure there was at least one black woman and often two or three on every single show. OKD, every Show. Because I had so, well I, I don't think I paid attention to that. Yeah. Because I, yeah. 'cause y'all don't see black women. No, that's black. Women don't never see black women. But y'all wanna say men don't see black women. Black women. I know you from all Dev Digital. Yeah. I've seen you work with so many women and like different people. I didn't think about that. But when I was researching for this, I saw something in essence where you had talked about one of your homegirls was like, yo, like where are the women at? Like can we like Hello? Yeah. And then you did the the partnership with Patreon. Yeah. So Patreon reached out to me and was like, what do you wanna do?


And to continue my efforts to support black women. I know that's right because you was already having black women on like black women don't see each other. I understand, I understand. I worry about this all the time. Honestly the truth is the ratio of comics, it's probably eight to two men to women anyway. So to make sure I had a black woman, I had to like, I was flying them out. At first I was only doing LA Comics but after I ran out of LA women, I was flying them out, flying women from New York and Atlanta everywhere. A shortage as of black women in la. Black women comics, black women comic. I'm sorry. Okay. But yeah, when Paton reached out they're like, what do you wanna do? You wanna do a special? And I was like, I wanna produce standup specials for the black women I think are funny. So. So that's what we did. We had an amazing time.


And Mel Mitchell, Ty Davis, Paris, Paris, Sasha, I think Grace came from New York. Lyn Indescribable did some time. And there's one person I'm forgetting off the top of my head. No, I said Ty. Oh okay. That might I don special to do. They did great. Okay. My shout out to my Patreon, the stage crew, they support keep your distance. They support Patreon. They buy a lot. All we got more with Kev on stage when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is here as well. We're still kicking it with comedian Kev on stage. Lauren, Did your internet life start like with you figuring out okay on the stage I also should do internet.


Did that begin during the all Dev digital time or like what was the first like internet breakthrough for you guys? It was prior. Prior. Prior to even moving to LA it was back in the day I had a group called the Playmakers. Me and my brother and my friend and, and we used to actually do physical plays like Tyler. We were trying to be Tyler Perry but we lived in Tacoma, Washington. Mm. And you just not gonna be able to stand up and play in Tacoma. There's not enough black people. Mm. There's not enough stuff. Tyler started in Atlanta so he was able to, his audience was there more. So I remember we were struggling. We, we had lost its investor. We lost $40,000 of his money. Like he and first we put up on ourselves. We do like high schools and churches that didn't go nowhere. He got an investor, gave us $40,000. We didn't make that man a dime of his money back. So next time we got $20,000 and we flew this Tyler Perry promoter out, he was like, yo, this place is great.


Like Tyler would love to see this. You guys gotta stand it up in Oakland. We're like okay, what do we gotta do? Like you gonna help us? He was like, yes, I'm gonna help you set up in Oakland. All you need is $300,000. Look, set it up. All you need is $300,000. I said Brother Emini here, you might as well be 300 million. Yeah. At that point I probably had $756 in my account. Like me and my wife made just enough to pay those bills. So I remember watching like Billy lls at that time, he did a things black girls say. Matt had already been watching YouTube, Issa and Dorm Tam Tim trying to wrong suit all those people. But it didn't seem like a viable business for me 'cause I didn't know how that worked. But Billy lls is a comedian And I knew and his video did like 9 million views. So I thought if we can go on the internet and make people laugh, then when we go do our plays then people will be like, oh I saw 'em on the internet.


I'll come to the plays. Then as we started first two videos we did things black church girls say and things black parents say both went really viral. A million views at that time. That was a lot of views on YouTube. Still a lot of views, still a lot. But it, that happens more often now than it used to. And at that moment I was like, oh actually the internet is a thing of its own. Like if we just do that, that we should focus on building that. And then churches would bring us out. We would do standup all over, you know the United States doing me and my brother and aunt. And then after that I was like, I need to do my own stuff. Like pretty much instantly I was like, I don't wanna get boxing and just doing church stuff 'cause then that's all people will let you do. So I started my Kev onstage YouTube page, which is almost at a million followers, which has been a goal of mine from the very beginning.


But it's been harder 'cause the algorithm doesn't encourage you to subscribe like it used to because it's all just like recommended. But the internet became the goal and since then I probably been making a video every single day. So to answer your question, it was those two videos. Yes. And then all deaf when I moved to LA I got a job there. And actually that was kind of tough 'cause I had to stay, take a step back from being talent because they were like, you are here to nurture the other people. You ain't going to build your channel, you ain't gonna do none of that stuff. You do all that on your own time. And I got fired from Boeing previously And I was like, I can't get fired from no jobs no more. And it was hard to get a job in LA so I made sure I focused on those talent and develop. You were from Boeing and the plane company? Boeing, the plane company.


I was in there watching people. So when you left, that's when the planes just started ing up. You did quality control. I ain't have nothing to do with them flying. I had nothing to do with them crashing. Okay, okay. I was doing little bit of work in there. I ain't do much in there. But all def helped me to develop other talent and helped me to develop shows. Like my job, I was the head of talent and head of creative at all Def at the same time. So I helped, you know, bring talent in, develop them and also helped develop those shows. So Roast Me Great Taste, all those shows were developed underneath me. They, they were not my ideas like Patrick and Teddy and Hir and all those group, you know Meg, they would create the shows but again we would brainstorm and stuff like that. So you were at Russell, was Russell at that time? Yeah, he's the one who hired me.


Oh wow. Russell hired me, he called me. I had a meeting with them And I was pitching a movie and he was like, we don't wanna do this but why don't you come run Talent for me called me as I left his house And I started like within two weeks. So when did you start noticing the comedy in the church? Like do you remember that first thing that you saw in the church that you found funny? Oh man. Absolutely. So many things. Sister Lewis was Sister Louis in our church. She might've been knocked alive. You ain't say God bless her. No God rest her soul. I just, I didn't want bring you down but God rest her. You said Sister Louis. I'm like, she gotta be about 105. Sister Louis, God Sister Louis went on to be with him, but she to be with, she went on to be with him. Oh my god, it is so tabernacle.


But she worked like two jobs. But she loved church and she could never stay awake. So to wake herself up she would yell out. So she fell asleep. God is amazing like that. And everybody would look at me like, oh it's your sister Louis. But she do it where you're preaching in the most inopportune moment. She would wake up and scream out And I was like, nobody is saying anything about this. So when we get home, I'd be like, y'all. And then we'd be eating dinner, I'd be like, y'all never Sister Louis, God is amazing. And my grandma and them would bust out laughing and she'd did that for like my whole childhood, like 10 years straight. Nobody ever stopped her. Nobody ever said, Hey, it's okay to not to come. You can, you know, rest. So that's probably the first thing I noticed. That was funny. And that's the first thing I, I copied. Did you do that joke in front of her? Oh yeah.


And she thought it was hilarious and she could never pronounce my name. My name is Kevin. She'd be like Calvin And I would always be like Calvin. And they, my family thought that was hilarious. My great grandmama was hilarious. She had a little, you know, five o'clock shadow. Yeah she was, she was big prickly. She had George Clooney same beer. Yo I Had aunts like that. Yeah, she was bearded up. You say you had that Too? No, I had aunts like that. Like I had like a, I don't wanna call them out. Well they not here no more. I had, I had great, great when I was younger, I remember my great-great aunts down in Virginia. They were all very prickly. Yeah. And I was like, ooh, this is not supposed, I always was a little confused. Yeah. So I'd make fun of my grandma. Like, grandma, you, you got this, you got a beard.


And my grand, my grandma was my great-grandma, my grandma, my mom. My whole family thought that was funny. We had a, a family of nine in a three bedroom house. So laughter is what kept us like sane I guess. And we had a dog too. It was like, man, we don't have enough money to feed us why we got the dog. But that was, that was not unusual, you know what I'm saying? So we were poor but we didn't know we were poor because we were full of love and laughter. And that's kind of how I saw The World. So that was, that was my approach. Now your wife has been with you. Y y'all been together 20 years. Over 20 years. 20 years. Mary. 20 years. I was gonna add that because when I'm watching you tell your story, she's, she's reacting like she conceal it. When you said the 40,000 thing, she was like, oh Y'all are one of my favorite husband and wi content duo Emini here.


And I know you got your own lane of things that you do, but like y'all together. And then separately it's just like, like I, I bounce back and forth sometimes thank Between the two. Thank you. Has she always believed, always believed and God or you both always believed? I don't know if she was always believing in my version of how to get to things. Okay. So what she said was, let's work on a plan to get there. Part of that work includes you getting a job and show me how you can do standup and how that can be feasible. But until then, let's do it. So that's what we did. We made a plan, I went and got a job. That's how I got the job at Boeing. Worked my craft, worked my job at Boeing. Then didn't stand up at night. Nate's became Thursdays And I would do a show on Thursday and then somebody else on Friday.


And then Thursday, Friday, Saturday and then Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday. And now I'm like, oh I'm making some money. Not much money but a couple hundred bucks here and there. Which at that time was still a lot of money. Still today is a lot of money now comedy's paying for a bill here and there. First it was just gum, then gas, then the cell phone bill, then the electric bill. So then when the internet came in and also this TV offered us a offered me a contract to write direct produce, shoot and edit my kids' videos. Now comedy became income and she was like, okay, now I can see it. So that's when moved to la worked for Awesomeness, got another job with Tracy Edmonds. Eventually led to the job. Flew to Tracy. Yeah, shout out to Tracy Edmond. So Tracy don't get the credit she deserves. She doesn't.


Another black person she gave us, actually the $50,000 we used to move to LA Wow. Was split between the three of me and aunt and Jay. But that's the money that we used to move to la. She gave us $50,000 to make 10 videos for all right tv, which was her YouTube, her version of like all Def Digital, which was like a faith-based thing. But then she also taught us the game, right? She taught us everything she knew. She invited us to the house as a husband. There was a great funny story there, but that's your story to tell. So yeah. And then Albright TV fell apart and then she was like, Hey guys, it did the best I could. And she moved on. Which was actually a lesson in of itself. It's like people can help you but when that money ends, it's every man for themselves. That's right. Like she, it's no hard feeling. She said, brother, they ain't no more money. Like she made the investment, she made the investment, she moved on to her other projects.


And at that point I learned, oh it's not even no hard feelings like brother, I did what I could did. We did business. I helped you as much as I could, but I'm not gonna reach in my personal pocket to help you. Like we do business together, we shake hands, we go our separate ways. So that was very valuable. And also shout out to her. I don't think we would've been able to move to LA without Tracy Edmonds. All right. We Got more with comedian Kev on stage when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. We're still kicking it with comedian. Kev on stage has tore live from the back Pew. Get your tickets now. Charlamagne. The life from the back pew. Yeah. Why'd you call it the back pew? The back pew. The back pew. The back pew tour. I called it that because like I wanted to differentiate my style of humor versus like just church humor.


'cause there's a lot of reverence and you know, there's a lot of sacrilege in church. I was a kid who was in church every, not just Sunday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. We literally were in Bible study, evangelical service, prayer, choir, rehearsal, then church. And we always had to sit on the black pew and the back pew was like we in church, but we also planned, you know what I'm saying? So the way we saw stuff that's like the vision I had of church was from the back pew. You had to go, you didn't have to sit in the front, you didn't always have to participate in every service, but you had to go. And so my mom actually made me participate, but I had to play drums or sing in the choir, do all that type of stuff. But the back pew was so people know like I'm gonna be in church, but it's not gonna be every joke's not gonna be about church.


I have a whole set segment where I just talk about regular stuff. I knew one of people to know it's for church kids, but black people, even if you didn't grow up in church, you have a concept of black church. But if you've never been to church, you could still come to this show. 'cause you've only been once. You might probably sat on the back but you, so I wanted people to have an idea of what show they were coming to so they would know like it's not gonna be every joke about God, but it's also not gonna be so ridiculous that you're like, I shouldn't even be in a church. So I kind of walk that line. So that's why I called Life in the Back people. Are you trying to get people into the church with your comedy? I believe that is probably one of my subconscious goals. I don't think that's the intent, but I feel like it is my way where I feel like there's a lot of different types of ministries. There's music, there's preaching, there's pastoring.


And I think comedy is one because a lot of black people are hurt by the church. They have negative feelings about the church. And like if they just come in and don't have a negative experience, maybe they'll be interested in coming back. So I think that's probably one of my sub goals is to just do my part. You know what I'm saying? Because black church number church in general, numbers are dwindling, especially post covid. And I don't want the black church to not exist anymore. So I think absolutely that's probably part of my goal. I think it's 'cause of the internet too though. Like I do Bedside Baptist every Sunday. 1000%. I'm at Pot House on Sunday morning. Okay. Yeah. I don't, it's all negative. I do agree. Like I don't think you have to physically go in the church anymore. I think there's so many different ways to engage with people.


The Bible app, YouTube, like Pastor y PJ's, one of my favorite preachers And I engage with him on Instagram in two to three minute bits. Sir j Roberts, who I know you're a fan of, love her. She's great online on digital. I think she's actually so important to the black church 'cause especially how her journey started. Yes. And where it is now. Like a lot of people need to see the Sarah Jakes Roberts at the pulpit person who wasn't per perfect and who was outcast. Like I was growing up, remembering how people were talking about her. So to see where she is now and the fact that she doesn't, you know, shy away from her past and how good she is at speaking and, and communicating, you know, God's word. I think she's super important voice. But also be Simone's an important voice, right?


Like her turning to God. My niece is a hood little sweet baby hood baby. Started to say Boo Booga was right there. Right there. And she got a face tattoo and she's, she loves B Simone's comedy. So when B Simone says I'm giving my life to Christ, my niece sees herself in more B Simone than Sarah Jakes or titty Jakes. So I think everybody's journey is important. It's not just the pastors, it's everybody has a role to play. So I just wanna play my role and do my part now. I love it because you know, I, I feel like we gotta bring, you gotta meet people where they are basically. Yes. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Like you know, you can't just think people are gonna come into the church or go on YouTube and there's certain people like yourself, like Sarah Jakes who know how to connect with culture.


Yeah, yeah. You know, like I got Sarah Jin's headline in the Black Effect podcast festival that I do every year. Absolutely. On April 26th. And it's for that reason. 'cause I know she knows how to connect with culture.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves are a working, professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. But absolutely I think you need people who speak that language. Language. I'm gonna tell you what really messed me up as a young Christian, I thought we were all playing by the same rules. Like they said, we not drinking. We really not drinking and nobody's drinking, right? So I'm thinking that's the truth. And then I'm not even talking about the church, I'm talking about my actual family. I remember I was 18, came back, went to visit my grandmas and there was some zimas in the refrigerator.


I was like, yo, what's demons we don't drink? And my aunt was like, you don't drink. And I was like, what? No, our whole life it was this. She was like, well we don't talk about it, but Kev, come on, we drink. And then when I started working in the church, I realized pastors are like, well this is how I live my life, but I don't wanna mess up the flock. So I do this. And I think most people's problem, a lot of problems with Christianity, people have one life. They live as a Christian and one life they actually live. Mm. So I refuse to live two separate lives. So I got in trouble with the Christian community 'cause I went to the reunion concert, which was at the forum And I was drinking And I made a video. What reunion concert? Kirk Franklin. Oh, Yolana and the Adams. They were at the forum And I was drinking. I made a video. I was like, oh my gosh, I'm drinking at at the gospel concert.


This is incongruent. And I was, I thought it was funny. And they were so mad, how dare you drink? How dare you? And I was like this, this is at the forum. Like I saw Bruno Mar here, this is at the forum two weeks ago. The line was long at the bar. She said, oh my God, it was water 30 seconds ago, but now it's wine. Jesus. That would've been a good joke. I'm so bad. I didn't think of that. I was water. Yo, I dunno. I dunno what happened. But I'm like, I'm not gonna act like I don't drink. You know? Like I'm not going to present one way and then be a different person. I'm not gonna act like I don't say because people be like that behind the scenes, behind the pulpit. But they think people can't take it. So they, you know, they present one way. So now you have two different versions of people that are there.


And I was like, I was a kid, you know, when I was young and saved my whole Christianity was trying to be more saved than everybody else. Mm. That's how I found my Christianity. That's what I was taught. Even didn't forget like sinners more saved than other, saved people. So I've let all that go. This is how I live my life. I'm a Christian who's also a comedian, not a Christian comedian. And the difference there is like I don't, every joke's not gonna be about God church and all that type of stuff. 'cause what I've learned is even if you do that, it's still not gonna be enough. 'cause some people don't think you should make jokes about God at all. So you'll never be saved enough. You'll never be good enough. So forget it. I'm just gonna live my life. Do my thing. If you like it, you like it. If you don't, you don't. And congratulations, churchy got picked up. Yeah. This season two. Congratulations Churchy got picked up for season two, BET Plus shout out to Spring Hill, Jamal Henderson, Leslie.


They were very instrumental in getting that picked up on season one and season two. So we just finished production on that in January. We're editing it now and it'll be out, I believe in June or July. And similar to, you know, keep your distance. My goal there is to not only tell my churchy story, right? 'cause to me there wasn't an authentic story about church from a person who grew up in church. You can always tell, because they always have in Hollywood, they always have pipe organs and pipe organs do not, no black church has a pipe organ. It's a Hammond B three organ. If there's an organ, they don't even really make 'em anymore like they used to. So if you hear that pipe organ and they have the choir robes on 'em, like, y'all not paying attention to church no more. People don't even wear choir robes like that.


But same thing I did with standup is what I did with Churchy, giving actors opportunities that they hadn't got. Mark JP Hood, brilliant actor, hadn't had a chance to lead. And this season we got Quinn Walters who's been acting, but she always gets cast as like the Sultry ucs. But she's hilarious. So in this role, she's playing funny to hear more comedian friend of mine who went on tour with me for two years, three years. I love him to, here's my guy. He's a brilliant actor. He's been like four episodes of Abbot Abbott Elementary takes acting very seriously. So he's a good actor, better actor than I am by a lot. He's in there. Tony Baker, comedian friend of mine. All these people can act. You know Tony, you're real good friend of yours, right? Oh yeah. That's my brother.


That is my dog. Anthony. Alfonso a brilliant actor. So all these people are getting an opportunity through me. And that's just in front of the camera. Dope. Behind the camera. Dope. Black women behind the camera, black women in sound, black women, costume designers, makeup artists, hair. Mm, all I, I hired as many black people as I possibly could because to me, as big of a problem in Hollywood, racism is a huge problem. Nepotism is much more dangerous because nepotism, they're not even thinking I'm gonna exclude you. It's who am I gonna hire? It's who I know. Well congratulations. Absolutely. I always said what you build only benefits you. It's not big enough. Yeah. So you're building some big things. My brother.


Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Absolutely. Kevin on stage, ladies and gentlemen. And how can they f Kevin on stage everywhere. Whatever platform you're on, search Kev on stage. I should pull up. Alright. Right. Well, appreciate you. It's Kev on stage. Appreciate y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Right? We play this song all the time. Billy, Billy remix at the same time around this time. Pick A choose what you want. Snooze of this. Neither, neither, neither one. 2025. Ah, all right, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off she gets from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she has a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay. So a crazy turn in events for Wendy Williams and her niece, and now her niece, Alex Finney. Because there was a police report issued against Alex or, or claiming that Alex Finny, Wendy Williams niece broke the law because she took Wendy to dinner last night after Wendy left the hospital. Come on now. Yeah. So, okay. So what happened was, after Wendy left, I was gonna say break this down. Yeah. After Wendy left the hospital, her niece who flew in from Miami because her aunt's in the hospital Right. Was like, they went back to where Wendy lives at the Coterie place.


Right. So I guess they wanted to get dinner. I'm assuming it's because Wendy's been going through a lot, lot these last couple days. So on the way back to her place, they stopped and Got food. No, on the, they went back to her place from the hospital. Right. Once they're at their place, then they decide to leave and go to dinner. They Let her out. Listen, listen to this. So they leave to go to dinner. Now they let her out. Was your first response? That was my first response. Right. The police report that was filed basically says that Alex broke the law because she took Wendy to dinner. And, and the way that it's, it sit, it's the way that it's put together is like as if she did it. Like she like broke her out of there and took her. I thought They were leaving the hospital. No, no. It says that Wendy, they went back to the place, they went back to the Cottie after they, yeah, I thought they were leaving the hospital. But before they went back to the coterie, they stopped for dinner.


No, the rea and the reason why I'm making that point clear is because it, because after they left the cottie and Alex took her to dinner and then his police report was filed. It was filed while they were at the dinner. Right? Mm. So when they get back, they then talk to cameras. And we have that audio. But people wanted to, people close to Wendy wanted to make it clear, Wendy can't leave the fifth floor memory unit without an attendant pushing the elevator button Because it's locked. Yeah. It's a key. So in order for Wendy to get down the building, would've had to have known that she was leaving. Secondly, a person close, and this is a TMZ report. A person close to Wendy told TMZ that an attendant actually accompanied Wendy and Alex down to the lobby and opened the door of their Uber for them to get in to go to dinner. Mm.


So then the police report is filed by the facility. And then once dinner is over, Wendy and Alex arrive back to the facility and here's audio of them reacting to what happened. Our recent events have been unbelievable. Came back from dinner. But I was told that police were called because the quarter here was saying allegedly I took my mom, my, excuse me, my aunt from this facility and whisked her away without any sort of confirmation or approval. Okay. Which accords unbelievable everything that we have learned in terms of this whole situation. Wondering exactly how that correlates with the statements that the Guardian has made, that Wendy is able to come and go as she pleases.


Right. And that there are no family visits that are blocked. Clearly they are lying to me when they say I am. I can go out and, and do what I want to do. That's right. This is my niece Alex. She just flew in from Miami. Okay. I just came from the hospital. So we are going out to celebrate. We're we're good. We're back one piece. Yeah. Didn't they just send us a letter saying they can come and go. She can come and go. Is she Please? That's what they were referring to. That's a Damn lie. Yeah. And then yesterday too, there was a story that broke about the judge in Wendy's case. It's a woman named Lisa Sokolov, that this judge fired off a, a letter to Wendy's attorney. And she is very upset. Which, And I understand.


Yeah, she's very upset with Wendy and, and just some of the things that have been happening, I guess, you know, things that have been said in the media and stuff like that. She referenced a prior hearing in which she ordered that Wendy be moved to a new facility, which is, that was a big thing of hers since like overtime, More restrictions, right? Yeah. So apparently Wendy's lawyer wrote back to this judge and said that, you know, it's wrong to move Wendy to an even more restrictive facility than where she's at right now. And the judge wrote in the email, in the email that she has always contended that Wendy will be given the independence she can handle. I question how well she has handled the independence that she has been given. Now multiple sources with direct knowledge tell TMZ that the judge is pissed. That Wendy has been speaking to the media about the, in a bad way, about the guardian, the guardianship, the facility Mad that she's telling her truth In the facility.


That she's in what she calls the luxury prison. And, and we're, they were also told that the judge has repeatedly warned Wendy not to speak to the media. I in the beginning Why, why you don't want her to speak to the media. 'cause you don't want her to talk about this clear abuse of power that's going On. The next sentence says, although the judge never explained why she had a problem with Wendy speaking to the media, but in the very recent email, the judge showed her hand pretty clear. She told Wendy's lawyer, tell your client that if she wants a jury, she should refrain from trying to poison the jury pool. So basically what the, the judge feels like, it's kind of unfair because Wendy Williams now they realizing Wendy Wendy's body like she is who she is. Yeah. But the Fact that if she didn't speak, she'd still be in this pro, in this process and she wouldn't get a chance to, to be heard. But my question is, what's more restrictions than this?


'cause she can't go when she wants to leave, she can't leave the floor righteous. She can't go outside. Right. Because she can't visit her father. What Restrictions? And that's my point. Like why are they treating her like a, like a prisoner? I feel, And I hate to play the race card, if Wendy was white, the media and a whole lot of people would be raising a lot more hell about this. Yeah. Like, because I don't understand it. Like you got, you know, two, two individuals, these two miserable scenes. Well people wasn't raising Hell about Britney Spears. Huh? People Wasn't raising that Actually got free Nuts. The free Britney Movement. That was, that went on for a long time before. Oh no, She already got Free. Oh, I get what you're saying. No, it what I'm saying she was just, yeah, Britney was in the conservatorship for a while, but I think but that was Based off her fraud. Yeah. But I think, I think what happened was once You started hearing about Britney Yeah.


Got louder. She got louder and Louder. We learned a little bit more the details and we felt like, okay, the free Britney fan's not crazy then it got loud. But just to your point, she was there for a minute. It still took a long time to get she was, get her out Is what I'm saying. No, but I feel like the media should be alive, especially after those two last stories that you just read about the what, what the judge is basically retaliating against her for speaking to the media and then they file a kidnapping charge against her niece yesterday. Mm. Because she took her to dinner. Come on man. That's nuts. Yeah. And, and to clarify, because I know there was some questions about them going to dinner or whatever, whatever what I'm told, I just got an update. The reason why they went back to Wendy's where the facility she lives before they went to dinner is because they wanted to change clothes because Wendy just got outta the hospital.


She wanted freshen herself up before they went and grabbed some food. And If you just sent a letter to us, right. The Breakfast Club saying that a person can come and go as they please. That's crazy. And then doing, then when they do go, you file a kidnapping charge against them. Yeah. That don't make no sense. Come on man. Yeah. Kidnapping is a crazy, but that is it for the hour. All right. That's the latest with Lauren. Now don't forget, get on the phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. Just fix my mess. If you having relationship issues or problems, you can call us now. But we got donkey today. Up next. What we talking about Charlamagne? Man, I am just so, so, so, so sick of, you know, these yins and their organized crime. But we'll discuss for after the hour. All right, we'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, your Chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to hold, Give read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve to. People need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne it only one Charlamagne. Charlamagne man. So man, who you Giving Dusty Day to now? Well, it's sexy Red donkey today for Thursday, March 13th goes to five Memphis men Mikel Sand 18 Rashaan Bryant 22, Jordan Smith, 19, Andre Cole, may 18, and Desmond Subbury 18.


All of them have been arrested. And your Uncle Charlin needs to let all U Yns know something. Please, please, please stop with the organized crime. Seriously, man, if you can create, you know, a, a criminal enterprise, then you can also, then you also have the brains to start some type of small business. I'm just sick of hearing about young people coming together to form drug rings and fraud schemes, even organized stuff. If you can put so much time and energy in doing the wrong thing, then you can put that same time and energy into doing the right thing. Okay? You youngins are not applying yourself properly. And you could be, and that's what frustrates me the most. Okay? Unity and group operation is a must, but why do we only seem to see unity and group operation when folks is coming together to commit crimes and this country not playing with you?


Okay? They are ready at all times to introduce you to their good friend Rico. And these five Memphis men, sadly are the latest example of that. Would you like to know what the criminal behavior was? Would you, everybody take a deep breath. Come on, take a deep breath. Because this type of organized crime is triggering. Let's go to the Miami Herald for the report, please. Tennessee. Cops say traffic came to a halt at a downtown Memphis intersection when five men leapt from their car and began twerking before baffled motorists in Tennessee. It happened Monday, March 10th, about three blocks east of the Mississippi River. And the dancing was still in progress when a police lieutenant drove up. What the officer saw was a 2016 Chevy Malibu blocking traffic at a green light and four men twerking around the car outside.


A fifth man was spotted dancing on the car's hood. The five men were taken into custody so the offense would not happen again. And they were charged with obstructing traffic. The men ranged in age from 18 to 22. A motive behind the stunt was not released. Five Memphis men got together to disrupt the lives of law abiding citizens just trying to go about their day. A vehicular blockade caused by booty. That's what this was. Hey, Mikel, Rashan, Jordan, Andre Desmond, when you were scrubbing the ground cheeks, the concrete, did you think about the ambulance you may be keeping from getting to the hospital? The person who just got a job, first day of work and they are about to be late because of your traffic tampering through twerk terrorism.


This should be an episode of Law and order twerk victims unit. Okay? Not only is this a criminal enterprise, it's a whole production. You all probably had gorilla blasting. Okay? Cameras out just to synchronize routine of reckless rump shaking. Why first degree felonious fraggled mantry. That's what this is. Okay? The unlawful act of throwing it back in a way that disturbs the peace blocks traffic and disrupts people's everyday lives. Why we cannot let the as cartel get away with this? Are we really gonna sit back and allow a underground network of professional ru shakers to disrupt society? People like this don't think of anybody but themselves.


The only real luxury any of us have is time people. Okay? Because it doesn't come back. So imagine you running late for something important, rushing to pick your kids up, trying to make your Brazilian wax appointment. I have one today, by the way. And you're stuck in traffic because five grown ass loose booty bandits decided to turn the highway into Magic City Monday. They are all charged with obstructing a highway or a passageway. But I feel like this should be a freako case. This is a Freako case, okay? There has to be a stiffer punishment for this organized booty movement because this was a coordinated effort to weaponize the wobble in public. Where is President Trump to sign an executive order to stop discreet s scripting syndicate? Huh?


If he doesn't intervene, this could get outta control. Okay? Men will mimic this behavior all over America. This could get outta hand. Do you really want criminal organizations dedicated to twerk related infractions popping up all over the country? Do we really want booty trafficking? Didi, don't you answer that? Okay? The illegal transportation and distribution of reckless twerking across state lines. Do we need that? Let's do better. Please give Mikel Sanders, Rashaan Bryant, Jordan Smith, Andre Cole Mays and Desmond Subbury the biggest. He all, I have a question now.


If this was back in your day and five Women back in my day, like you wasn't born in 1,977, if Five women were twerking in front of you, would you mind? Would you call the police back In your day? First of all, I don't have time for your hypotheticals. Let's deal with the reality of the situation. So that's what's wrong with people nowadays. They don't ever want to deal with the reality of things. Let's deal with the shared reality. Somebody, some, I'm gonna show you this mugshot. Look at that. Don't get bricked up over there. Can you see this, Jess? I'm not can damn, can you see this? Somebody's sitting this picture to Jess. I don't want you to get bricked up over there. I'm not bricked up. Nowhere near bricked up. Don't get brick up over there. Even if it was women Emini here, if you trying to get somewhere that's that's right. Bitch. Like, what are we doing? This ain't got nothing to do with the gender of nothing.


Why you disrupting traffic? Stopping people's day? Okay, we got things to do. You just hopping out of a 2016 Chevy Malibu to twerk in the middle of the street for what? In 2025. Come on, stop. This ain't Got nothing to do with gender. Hey, you keep looking at the picture because I'm trying to figure out what they all identify. That's why there's one with red hair, right? You know what they don? Hey, hey, it don't matter. There was an executive order 90 bucks. You right, you right, you are absolutely right. Right? All right. Okay. Well thank Say this's pride every day you talking About, all right, well thank you for that dog in the day. Now when we come back, Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need, if you have need relationship advice or any type of advice, you can call Jess right now.


And somebody said, Jess, can you fix the damn president, Jess, she's, she, she can help, but she's not a miracle worker now. Right? Right. But call Jess right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club baby. If the wheel deal, help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Jess gonna fix your mess because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. And we have Tia on the line. Tia, good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Now Tia, it says that Good Morning, You have a question for Jess and it's something, somebody that just knows Yes, yes, yes.


We are from Baltimore. I live in Atlanta now, this person I'm talking about lives in Atlanta too. You familiar with Jeff? Woo. Who He was part of the, one of the camera crews that shot the video for the last movie. Well, one of the movies you did in Atlanta. Dang. He said Yeah, video. Yeah, a videographer. He, he talk like he know you, but he be lying a lot. So yeah, he definitely, He don't know me. But you got a baby bomb. And what he, he denied a baby what was going on? No, we, we got a baby with each other. We was together for like a year or whatever, but when I found out I was pregnant, he got real upset and basically was like, I'd rather die than be a dad. And I was like, okay, but you knew this And I already had one abortion for you.


So we were together. It wasn't really working out. You. They got mad by my window. So you already had an abortion with y'all. So y'all had, y'all were pregnant before and you got an abortion? Exactly. And I had the first abortion without a problem. Okay. And they tried to like, kind of like manipulate me, like why you even do that? Okay. I was like, I don't want no kids. But then I, I dealing with him and was like, this is a wrap 'cause I want kids. So when we got back together, he was like, all right, I'm ready. We gonna do this. So we got pregnant real soon after And I really didn't want that one neither. And he always get mad when I say, but I just gotta be honest. But I handled my business. We was together and one day he bust my window and that was kind of last straw for me. And window, when he busted my window, window, window, I had a Jeep Wrangler, a nice one too. And he bust my window.


What in the ghetto is this Jeep Bust your window like he's the bitch or whatever. Like he's The woman. Yeah. With my Valentino perfume. But His name is, Hmm? Pull him up. He, he done did a couple, like I said, he done did some words. He might have just been a cameraman. You ain't taking no time. Yeah, I looked him up. I don't see him And you can't even really fix my mess. But I figured maybe if I blast him in sense, he claimed he knew you and everything. Yeah. You want him to take Care of his son. You want him to take care of his son. He told him it's crazy 'cause he played the first time you from Baltimore, come on. Like you Yeah. You know, you know what's up. He, he told you, you know, he was manipulative. He was manipulative. The first time you went and go hand, you, you took care of your business. You had the, the abortion. You know what I'm saying? For him the first time, you know what Emini here, you put your body through that and, and you Yeah.


And that was my first one. I thought I was never gonna do that again. Never Said, yeah, exactly. And you left him alone. You always knew you wanted kids, you know, he, and he lied again, the poms good. You know what I'm saying? And it was so good that he lied to you and was able to get you to get pregnant again. You know what I'm saying? You allowed him to get you pregnant. And I Yep. Again, And I think that responsibility, even, even when he told me like I rather died and did dad, I started to do it in abortion. 'cause I know that's not right to put somebody in a predicament. No, no, no. He said he'd rather die. You let him take his own life before you kill another baby. You don't do that. He already told you what he wanted to do. All right, well cool. Go ahead and let then, 'cause I'm having this one. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying?


It is what it is. Got A lot of, yeah, we got a lot going on. He had to get arrested. He got arrested on the 12th. He got out on Valentine's Day. Hopefully he was still able to go on a date, but I ain't been able to talk to him. He won't talk to me. He, he lying telling people I'm, I'm crazy. I'm postpartum. He needs a baby but he won't respond to nothing. I got, so I done got a lawyer and everything, so it's in the courts now, but he should just, you know, communicate so we can take care of this baby. I don't want her all the time. I need a break. But he telling The World that I wanna keep her away from him. So. Yeah. Well unfortunately this is the result of dealing with A-F-N-I-G-G-A, you know what I'm saying? It is what it is. He was, he was effed up before and then you just allowed him to come back and play. Take advantage of on your heartstrings, you know what I'm saying?


Just take advantage of you. Yeah, yeah. And now you got a beautiful baby girl that you gotta do it all for. I'm sorry. You wanna break as a mother, sometimes we don't get those. You know what, Emini here, right? Right. We can't. No, no, no. For sure. I know. But I love you shorty. It's all right. I appreciate it. Baltimore. Stand out. You know, You already know I'm gonna get in his ass, bro. I just, I just want the record to show that young lady sounded like a man. Okay. She would always have to FaceTime me. What? She's having a baby. She's Pregnant. I know, but she sounded, she had a very manly voice. I was so confused because y'all start talking about studs and all. I'm like, what? So then she started talking about having babies. I was confused. Just Fix my mess. 805.


8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask About Me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about Me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call It up. Thank Dr. Jess. I'm here to fix your mask. Fix your mask. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. What's up? Who's this? This is, this is Aaron From Jersey. Aaron from Jersey. What's up girl? Hey. So yes, I wanna Just say I love you. I listen to y'all every morning, but I got this biggest issue. Okay. So I've been with my dude for six years.


We have three kids. I have one prior from a prior relationship, but it's just not working. And we have responsibilities together, but I just cannot see myself with a future with him. And I really just don't know what to do After three kids, right? Yeah. We got three babies Together. It took you three, it took you three kids to realize you don't see a future with 'em, huh? Well, in my defense, my last pregnancy was twins. So it really, we had a girl and then I had twin. So Two for one special And they pretty, yeah, three for one special. Aw. Okay. So what, what? Why can't you see yourself with 'em? What's that with 'em? Well, we were best friends prior to the relationship and long story short, like I just, I feel like we moved too fast.


And like I can see ways about him that I just, I don't, like. Over the years we've tried to like get counseling. We've tried to work together, but we just keep ending up back in the same space where we just like really like hate each other. Jesus. Okay. Y'all live in the same house. Yeah, It's, it's getting


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. Y'all live in the same house? We do. Mm. And the other response, I guess that's the responsibility that y'all have together living with each other. Yes. That and the fact that we have the kids And the kids. Okay. Mm. Who's depending on who, because you can't just move out and leave Emini here. That don't mean you gotta be with a person.


'cause you got three kids by them. You know what Emini here you can. I know. And go. That's what I'm saying. I just, I wanna, but I, but But no. Tell me. You don't wanna start over. I feel Manipulated. Yeah. And then I feel like I'm being manipulated like every time I try to, to exit the relationship. Mm. Well of course Emini here, that's that's what they do because you went out. That don't mean he went out, you know? Yeah. Right. So I'm gonna do whatever to make you stay. You got three of my kids. I'm probably gonna exactly trap you again. Give you a fourth. Nobody's gonna want you after that. You know? That's this, this how these Them two, we not trap nothing else. Oh, they Can always, they can always come loose.


Yo, just leave then. So I'm, I'm giving you the real advice. Don't, don't be miserable. Don't be miserable. You don't ever wanna do that. You, you can leave. Just sit down. Have a have a talk with him. Yo, we are not aligning anymore. We, we outgrew each other. We had Right three beautiful children. You right. You know what, Emini here and, and we were best Friends. It's talk to a little boy though. Like he wants to be a man so bad. But the conversation just turns childish folk. But you gotta do it for you. You're not doing it for him. You doing it for you so you can exit properly. You get what I'm saying? You right. That's fine. You can't be with a little boy. You right. You already got what? How many little boys you already got? I got two. Exactly. And daddy just gonna have to grow up.


You know what, Emini here it is what it is. But you don't gotta, you don't gotta raise him too. So just leave babe. Yeah. Alright. Thank you. No problem. Luck. I just wanna say to Charlemagne that booty bandit thing. Like yo chill. Why? Why They need to chill. What? I got what I do. Yo, you was waiting for that story. You was waiting for that story. He was waiting for that one. I didn't make them do that. Have a good one. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah. So in Vogue member Dawn Robinson came out and let people know that she's been living in her car for the past three years. But y'all, it might not be what we think it is. All right, we'll talk about that next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So yesterday a video went viral of in Vogue member Dawn Robinson who announced in the video that she has been living out of her car for some time.


Let's take a listen to Dawn Guys. For the past three, almost three years. I have been living in my car. I said it. Oh my God, it's out. I've been living in my car. If you guys were with me, what, in 2020? I did like 105,000 interviews. In the interim I was living with my parents in Vegas. And that was wonderful until it wasn't. I love my mom, but she became very angry and a lot of her anger she was taking out on me. And I was her target all the time. And I was like, I can't deal with this. Mm. Yeah. So she said outta respect, she, you know, she decided to move outta her mom's house because she didn't wanna get into it with her mother.


Of course. And she said that at the time she had a person that was co-managing her that knew what she was going through. 'cause when she left her mom's house, she went to her car. She was there for a couple days and was like, yo, you can't be in your car in Vegas. Come on over to la I'll help you out. She got to la Things didn't work out the way that she thought that they would. He didn't have the room for her that she was, that he said that he had had, he put her up in a hotel for a bit for some months. It was several months and she, it got to a point where she was like, this is too expensive. This makes no sense for either one of us. Like we, I gotta do something better. So, So she wanted to live in the car. It's not that she was forced to. Well, Okay, so we're, because She's, I seen that they in Vogue does shows. They just did the All Star They on the road.


She's no longer in the group though. Oh yeah. She left the group. I believe she left the group in 97. I'll double check that. Damn. Yeah, Madonna went solo, right? Yeah, She went solo. She tried to go solo. Yeah. So don't let go drop in 1996. She left the group in 1997 because she wanted to to go solo. Gotcha. And there's always been a conversation around like how bad their contracts were and stuff like that. And how they weren't able to really eat off of how their big songs. Gotcha. But envy your question. So when she got to la, 'cause she had done the car thing a bit in Vegas when she got to LA she ended up backing her car and she kind of made the decision, but she didn't do it because she financially had another option. Gotcha. Let's take a listen to Dawn talking about her decision to live in her car in LA. Guys this is not like, oh my god, poor dawn. Oh what was me?


It's not that. Like I said, I'm learning about who I am. I'm learning myself as a person, as a woman. If you would've said to me while I was in, in Vogue, you're gonna be living in your car one day, I'd be like, huh. How can I do that? I won't be able to live in my cup. We say that we can't do certain things before you even know we're capable though. Nic keeps telling me that when people find out, when the fans hear that you're living in your car, they're gonna be so proud of you because I am documenting this whole adventure. I'm glad that I made this choice because I needed to go through this fire. If some of you are on your spiritual journey, you may know or may have heard of Dark Knight of the Soul. That's when you go through like a period of isolation, separating yourself from family and friends.


I needed to do this alone if I needed to do this for me. That's horrible man. Remember you hate to see anybody in that situation. But then when you think about like just the, the story career she's had from in Vogue to Lucy Pearl to she, she was, she was acting, she put out a solo album, like do all of those things and you know, you been living out your car for the last three years. That is, and Horrible how she framed it, like how she looks at it is like, nah, I'm not looking for sympathy. Like I've learned how to live, I'm, I've learned to be okay with living in my car. Like Mm, Crazy. Yeah. She turned it into a positive. And I think she, so she has a YouTube channel, it's called Official Dawn Robinson. And she's been documenting this for months. Her Journey that's, I was watching Yesterday and she talked about how she got into like, there's like a whole a community of people who live off the grid and those people are people who choose to live in their cars.


And there's different things you have to learn about how to isolate your windows in the rain. That's what said She gotta cover her window so nobody knows who's in the car. She talked about her dog passing away in the process of this and getting through that because he was living in the car with her. Like, Don't talk to strangers. Yeah. Yes. It's, it's a ton of different things that she's been teaching herself about this moment. But she does say that, you know, she can't wait to talk about getting over it because she does plan to put out another project. She does continue to plan to continue working. She talks about she showers in the gym, that's why she like washes up and takes care of herself. So it seems like I, you know, I think she's doing this because she also mentioned in the pandemic how expensive people realize things were and they chose to do the same thing. Things are just really expensive right now and it makes more sense for her to do it. And I think mentally this is a challenge for herself.


She Learned how to live her life. Homeless. Like she learned how to do that Basically The proper way. You know, it's it as crazy as that sounds but they, so now people just gotta run it up. Is she on YouTube? Like run the views up so she can get that check. But my thing is like where they going send it Probably to Amanda's house I would assume, right? She could. Well but you could Have a PO box. But well YouTube though, your payouts happen monthly through a bank account so she could open a bank account. She still got a manager. I don't know if that, if that guy is still her manager or not. But when all Money need to go nowhere else in The beginning of all of this, he was her manager. It was a co-manager. So I don't know what that work situation is like. But if she has a bank account, she could get YouTube payouts. Well, Just made me think of something. Is there a call to action? Like what's, was there a call to action she put out or, You know what's so crazy is We're just gonna discuss her problems.


Just so what's so crazy is in the video, without providing a solution in the video, she said what the call to action she's giving people is to continue watching her because she's using this inspire and she's, she gives you just a bunch of motivation and inspiration things to live your life by. But I would tell people to just go subscribe to her YouTube channel official Dawn Robinson. She's putting together all of these videos into a documentary eventually. But it's all about finding inspiration in a place where you have to be isolated. So, and The views count 'cause that adds up to dollars. So definitely help her, it'll help her out monetarily for sure. But like You said, it's sad because she has so many records. Yeah. She's such an influence to so many of us growing up within Vogue and Lucy Pearl. You just, you just hate to see people like that. For sure. And what kind of car is it? She wouldn't tell you because then people will know who she does it.


You'd be looking for. Oh, got you. Gotcha. Yeah. Does it matter? Hmm. I don't, I don't know. Okay. Trying to, trying to find something positive about this story. It's just, she is Probably, if you gonna watch a video, actually that's why I teased it. Like it might not be what we fully think. Because in the beginning I was like, oh my God. And then when I got through it, I, I was like, oh, okay. Her way of thinking is she, it's a very strong mental that she's built. It's Not a, she drove from the East coast, she said she drove from I think New York or or Connecticut to the West coast. So you not driving that with a car that's gonna break Down, imagine being done. Right. God bless. Yeah. God bless Him. Just imagine being done. Right. And, and you, you know, you, you sleep, you chilling in the car and then four of the twerk bandits just be outside, just twerking outside the car.


Like Not right now. Not at a time like This. Not right now Goddamn time Like this. It's crazy. Okay, because I just thought about that like, yeah, yo, they, they need to get a life 'cause they can't be disrupting people. Disrupting people for no reason. You take that ass cartel somewhere, please. Not right now. But see that's, that's true though. You don't know who people are you surrounding. They car twerking. That's right. And I got time for this. She said that like she doesn't tell people like who she is. Sometimes people may recognize her, but unless you recognize her she doesn't like mention it or whatever. Smart for safety smart. Right. That's right. But Yeah, definitely God bless her man. Because, because the reality of the situation, that could be anybody at any Time. Yes. And that's why I said go watch it. That That's what I wanna know. I wanna know what got her to this point. Right. Get what she is now, what got her, what led to this.


Yeah, Yeah. Well she has a series of videos. I do suggest you go watch it. I think her mentality in this is strong for what she's Going through and and why did she wait three years to say something? No, she's been talking about them. Oh, she's Been saying it. She's, She's caught on, she's been talking about the financial struggles and stuff like that. But I think this is the first time she directly admits the I'm living in the car. Because even in the video she's like, Ooh, I did it finally. Hmm. God bless. One, one More. You can Do one more. Yeah. So one more real quick to all the, the, the Drake fans that always come at us for us commenting on things of the show Come at who? The whole show. I want y'all to understand that. Don't Say the whole show. I don be Nos I want y'all, I want y'all to understand that not only are you guys paying attention, but Drake and the team are too because the plot twist page posted of Course Posted a take in here that Jess, that you had about his music.


Let, let's take a listen to the So night like old Drake. Whatcha talking about? No, y'all gotta listen to This and hold from start to finish. Did you, did you listen to it? I, I didn't. Okay. Yesterday it was my birthday. The last thing I was thinking about was Drip. I do like the album that he just dropped. Remember I was saying that wet? You know you did, you told, I told You And I told you no kid was And he's getting back to the woman, the women music. Remember he Used to music Strictly for women and that this, this what that was. By the way, this is why I don't take nothing personal to just do or say because Jess is just a moody mother ever. Jess said I don't like the album. I did You look into it. No.


You find out The next day. I love you. I love the album Jessica Moody ass more. Alright, let Jessica go do whatever she going through. Let me find out You the reason he posted that Instagram caption letting people know he was on his way. Oh my god. No, no, no. The album is cool. I just, I don't know, understand an opinion too quick. That's all it is. It's like whatever, you know it's the politics of things guys and you know that's All right. What is the plot twist by the way? The plot twist is Drake's alleged fence to page and they happen to post things in a timely manner whenever something happens with Drake. Yeah. So the fans believe that this is the OVO squad and Jersey himself And I just wanna just to know that Drizzy cares about the more Also by The way, the more you know and the random thoughts.


By The way, I knew exactly what the plot twist his page was but as a hater, okay, I don know what the hell it is. Oh God. Alright, Well that is the latest with Lauren And it was a great album. It's a great album. I Like that. Well let's start off the mix with some Drake. It's the Breakfast Love. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to Kev on stage for joining us this morning. Good Brother Kev on stage man. I love to see brothers like that winning man. And he doing out here doing it with his wife. Him and his wife been together for mad Long. That's right. And he got a black woman right As a wife. Okay. I respect it. Salute To careful on stage. On stage is very, very funny. Clean comic And I make you laugh like he cursing like he's very, very funny.


Absolutely. And tonight you back in Atlanta, right? Yep, I'm back in Atlanta. Yo, let me just listen. Shout out to Atlanta. Let me tell you something about Jess. Hilarious. I sell out venues during the week. I set it. Yeah, I set it. Listen, if I can get you to come out from work right. Your kids got school the next day. Crazy. During the week I did this to test myself 'cause I used to sell out lines used to be down the street, you know what I'm saying? Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, whatever. I'm still doing that all these years later. Atlanta. Thank you. Pulling up. I got a standing ovation. Shout out with some very important people in the building last night. There's gonna be some very important people in the building tonight. Y'all Atlanta, get your tickets. Oh, I don't even think there's no tickets left to get damn sold out.


Love y'all so much. Atlanta Comedy Theater. I will be there tonight y'all. And look, I couldn't do the meet and greet. I know y'all upset. Shout out to 96.1 of Beat. I know if y'all listening right now, I didn't do the meet and greet last night because I had to be up in this, in in this studio. That's right. To be at work y'all. So I know I said I was going to do it, but I looked up and it was already 1230. I had only a few hours of sleep. Y'all, so So you cant Do it tonight Either. I cannot do it tonight either. I'm very, very sorry, I didn't even think it through y'all. I gotta be up at four 30 to be on the radio, you know to be in here at five 30 to be on the radio at six. So I'm sorry, but next week Cincinnati, Ohio, your girl Jess Hilarious will be there Friday and Saturday at the Funny Bone. We got two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturday.


And I will be doing meet and greet there because I don't Believe you on, We don't believe you. I ain't gotta be on the radio Saturday and Sunday. Oh okay. I so I ain't even, you know what, Emini here. So yeah, Cincinnati, I'm coming back to Ohio. Y'all, y'all make y make sure y'all get y'all tickets. Jess lau official.com. If you want to meet Jess in Atlanta, you gotta go to Shaq house. So listen, when you go, listen, when you go over there, listen, when you go over there get video of the white women. Okay but you saying on the ad he, he gonna be like fucker. I know but I, I know I told y'all that I was gonna get footage and he might not have heard that but he hear it now. I feel like Shaq told you to tell people. I don't feel like you just told No, No, no.


It's not even that he told me to tell nobody. If you know who I am, why would you have them out and about like that? You already know who I am. Like Go how to white women. You Know what I'm saying? Why would you do that? You know? And it's crazy. But it is what it is. He aint, he indirectly told me. 'cause that's what it is. It's like you want me to say something about this? 'cause you know what I, you know what I do and you know what I do in the mornings, so yeah, it is what it is. But Jesus. All right, well I wouldn't say get your tickets but it's sold out. But alright, when we come back positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. Charlamagne. Yes sir. You got a positive note? I do. But I want to remind y'all to go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia.


You know how we do every year, man, we put some of the best podcasts in The World on that podcast stage and this week, well this year we have the Neck of Sports podcast with Carrie Champion. Good moms Bad Choices will be there. Woman Evolve podcast with Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there. And it's all hosted by Mandy and Weezy from Decisions Decisions. So go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast Festival and we'll see you on Saturday April 26th. And the positive note is simply this, once you decide you want a good life, the universe will start moving things for you to have it. Okay? The people you need that will appear the healing you need will happen and the doors you need open will unlock but not till you decide.


Okay? Once you truly sincerely decide, trust me, miracles will happen. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Done.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Ome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star Gut to get $110 off any test that Star, star 4 88 to receive a link to the offer


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.