0 (0s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts

1 (6s):
Let's,

2 (8s):
I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you hear

3 (11s):
That exclusive? You know if you don't lie about that, right?

4 (13s):
Lauren came in. Hi.

2 (15s):
Hey y'all, it's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, your daily dig on all things pop culture breaking, trending and exclusive news. But y'all know we get into the conversations that shake the room. Now speaking of the room, for those of you guys that have been following me on social media, y'all know I've spent Memorial Day weekend in the Dominican Republic. Shout out to Memorial Day Getaway Beat Get Men. I didn't even know what to expect. This is my first time in the Dominican Republic. This is my first time working with Memorial Day Getaway. They're a travel group and they celebrate for HBCU and black alumni. So if you went to for HBCU or if you're a black alumni from a college, we get together, we have a good time and we just honestly just take a break from life and work for the Memorial Day weekend when I tell y'all we had a good time.

2 (1m 7s):
Okay, Fredo, didn't we have a good time? We had so much fun. My two friends were here with me and then Fredo, who's also shooting the podcast here with me today was here with me for the full weekend. And it was just a great weekend to like disconnect. I think what I'm learning how to do more of is disconnect. This weekend I was kind of freaking out 'cause I didn't really know what was going on in The World and one of my friends was like, it's okay. And I was like, let me just real quick, go on Twitter, see what trending. And I was like, I'm gonna get off. And then I posted pictures in like a swimsuit And I posted pictures in a halter top and people act like they ain't never seen natural boobies before. Child. The people went crazy. Like I was getting texts about I shouldn't post photos and bikinis because of my career.

2 (1m 51s):
And I'm like, it's a swimsuit, it's a halter top. My body is here. What am I supposed to do? I can't help the fact that I'm in a hundred degree weather And I don't wanna be here in a freaking cardigan. But I didn't let that stop me. I didn't care. We still had a good time. I just thought it was kind of crazy to see people reacting that way. But hey now make sure you guys check out my YouTube channel, Lauren, the Rosa tv. Some of the behind the scenes videos will be there. I'm gonna do a wrap up vlog once we are finished shooting this podcast. So when we talk about the check-in, 'cause we do a behind the scenes of the grind, check-in here on the podcast,

5 (2m 27s):
Back on the grind.

2 (2m 29s):
I would say right now I am feeling rejuvenated. Feel Emini here. I'm, I physically am tired And I can't wait to just like sleep. But I feel rejuvenated already just because I just got to do nothing but be a person, be a girl in her thirties, having a good time and enjoying the fruits of my labor while making money to do it. I'm making money to be here. So shout out to Memorial Day Getaway and just man, being a for HBCU graduate has, when I say it has opened up so many doors for me, me, I've been able to make so much money being an alumni I of an for HBCU, I've been able to meet so many amazing people, work with so many amazing people. My heart is just always so full when things come back full circle because I always remember being told like if you go to a for HBCU, you won't have a good career.

2 (3m 16s):
I don't know what'll happen to you after college. People don't respect for HBCU graduates and their degrees. And now look at me, I'm a for HBCU grad who got to come to DR and experience this with my friends and have a good time just because I'm black And I went to a black college And I understand, you know, just the blessing that is. We had a really good time this weekend. I'm so, I don't know if y'all could feel it, but I'm just so full of like, man, God is so good. So that's how I'm feeling. That's my check-in. But y'all know, even in disconnecting it's still kind of hard for me to ever fully disconnect 'cause I do get news alerts. So taking y'all into the latest at the top of the list, Cardi B, so Cardi B announced that she is pushing her album again.

2 (4m 1s):
And when I saw it, I'm like, at this point it can't be her like the Cardi B that we've grown to know and love has such a work ethic and she puts out such quality work, Emini here, her rollouts are normally like super tight and planned right? Everything from the photo shoots to how we, when she's popping out outside, how she looks, where we see her, the, the visuals, everything that goes with it. So I'm like, well what is the issue? Is it her label? Is it like what is happening? Because at this point I think it's, it's added pressure on herself to keep having to have the conversation about pushing an album back. So for those of you guys who do not know Rap Star Cardi B, who was also, you know, television star as well too, but Rap Star Cardi B has been supposed to deliver her sophomore album following her first very successful album, invasion of Privacy for years.

2 (4m 49s):
Now, originally Cardi B's album was supposed to come out, this her sophomore album was supposed to come out in 23 and then it was pushed then it was supposed to come out in 24. And then she finally made an announcement toward the end of 24 that like it would happen at the top of 25, it is 25. What more are we in Freddie? It's March, April, it's May because Memorial Day gets May. This is not even given top of 25 anymore. And I think at this point as a fan of Cardi B, I'm Emini here. I'm still holding out for the music And I still feel like the music is going to be good. I just want her to like put it out and, and do it and like stop The World to kind of shut people up. People give her so much shit.

2 (5m 28s):
Like it's kind of unfortunate because I think the beauty of Cardi B and and what we've known to love from her is her being able to just like be a regular person even though she's not a regular person anymore, but be able to be honest about like, here's what's happening with my album. Here's why it's not coming out. Originally she was honest, she's like, I feel like things are missing. I'm nervous about, you know, is my sound right? If I'm coming I gotta come harder this time. It got like I gotta, it has to make sense this time around because they've been waiting so long and that's pressure. I also feel like there's an element with her a lot of times now because of the pressure that she has on her, that she's not able to be her full self in a sense of like a lot of what we've ex seen her experience in her life since Invasion of Privacy.

2 (6m 15s):
She has to be so careful how she talks about it because everything is news with Cardi B. Now when Invasion of Privacy dropped the whole narrative and concept around that album, the reason why it was called Invasion of Privacy B is because there was something beautiful happening at that time with Cardi B where we were watching her celebrity and her star rise and she in real time was getting used to not having privacy and having to talk about certain things and going through relationship things and revealing the fact that she was expecting her first child and trying to hide that and not being able to hide that for about so long, right? And now it's to a point where like it's full blown. Like she's kids in divorce is filed, she has a new boyfriend. We've witnessed a lot publicly her offset going back and forth, you know, just her growing as a mother and as a woman and just, and and a lot of it she gets online and she talks about all the time.

2 (7m 7s):
But I think being able to throw all of that into one body of work, picking and choosing what you're not gonna talk about because whatever you talk about becomes the story that you now have to 'cause. Cardi B, one thing she gonna do, Cardi B gonna get online, okay, she gonna get online, she gonna argue back and forth. So picking and choosing is important because whatever she throws out there, we invading her space and she's giving it to us to do, you know, what Emini here as entertainers do. But I think what I'm saying is that it's a different ball game. Once the star begins to rise, once the people are, you know, clinging to you and your brand and your story and they wanna know more and they wanna be in your business.

2 (7m 47s):
Me, prior to being in the role that I'm in now, I would've been disappointed by Cardi B coming back out again and saying the album's not coming because of bundles. And for those of you guys who don't understand why bundles are important for artists, when you bundle things like hard copies of the album or vinyls or merch, it helps, it can add to album sales, it can add to your album sales and your units. But also too, it's a fan experience as well. Like you want, Beyonce does it very well. She drops the merch, she has the visual, she has the vinyls. You want your fans to be able to like do more than just listen to music. The fan experience is so important, especially for a artist like Cardi because again, like I mentioned, she's taking us with her along this ride every step of the way.

2 (8m 28s):
So I get it, if the business ain't right, you don't wanna put it out. But as a fan who didn't understand people being in your business and being in your mess, I would've been very disappointed. I wouldn't have been wanting to hear nothing about no bundle packages. It's like, girl, drop the album at this point. Are you scared? But me now And I and me now it is different because I'm looking at it like, no, I get it. She want things to be right 'cause if not, she gotta hear it from y'all. And it's no winning in that situation. A fan is gonna be a fan, a hater gonna be a hater. Y'all either gonna like it or y'all not. She going to hear it regardless, right? But she's also gonna hear the the great things about it too. And the things that people love. You pick and choose what you wanna entertain, so you can't get around that.

2 (9m 9s):
But as a person putting out this artwork, she wants to make sure everything is right. But hey, Emini here. Thanks for the update Cardi. But we want the music sis. We do. I I really want the music because I really want, I I I pray And I hope that she actually explores a lot of what we we've gotten to see play out in the media because Cardi has always been that. And I really, you know, and being in this new space, I understand the difficulty of of being able to stay there and still have your peace of mind. I do think that there's a balance, there's a way that you can do it. And I'm very interested to see on this sophomore album how Cardi does that. How she still remains her relatable. Bear it all take you on my journey with me, Cardi that we loved and her first album, invasion of Privacy, but like it's heightened now.

2 (9m 55s):
Cardi B is a superstar at this point now. So I'm interested to kind of see how she, you know what Emini here finds that middle point but also in the latest, y'all know, leaving to y'all and leaving vacation means that I'm taking y'all back to court. Love to take y'all to court. Diddy is back in court again this week leaving Dr. Means we're going back into court with Puff and this week is going to be an explosive week in my opinion. First up, Capricorn Clark will be the first witness that is going to take the stand this week in the Diddy trial. So that'll be the day after Memorial Day. And for those of you guys who do not know who Capricorn Clark is, she is a former personal assistant of Diddy.

2 (10m 41s):
Capricorn Clark is the, is the woman who kid Cudi testified, called her from outside of his home while she was in the car, allegedly with Diddy saying, Hey, they're at your house. Capricorn Clark is the woman that Cassie testified was almost kind of like a friend and a confidant to her to a certain extent in a lot of what she was going through as she was going through it, even though she worked for Diddy. We've heard Capricorn Clark's name so much almost every day at this point in this case. I believe her testimony and what will come out of her testimony is going to be revealed. The prosecution has been like laying things out and it's been very like subtle and very slowly that they've been laying things out.

2 (11m 21s):
But the more that I'm in court and I'm watching how they go about this, I'm seeing that like, okay, they might question one witness about something over here and really not close the loop. So you're like, why did they bring that up? And then they bring another witness who kind of closes that loop a bit and now you're hearing it from multiple people. So it kind of verifies it on the prosecutor side, right? I think Capricorn Clark for the prosecution is going to be that she experienced and worked with Diddy through so many different things. Allegedly she's going to be able to tie up a lot and put a bow on a lot of things from the, you know, everything with Kid Cudi, you know, the hotel setups versus not the escorts.

2 (12m 3s):
'cause she, you know what Emini here, there she was involved in so much stuff. This is gonna be a huge witness for the prosecution. But I'm always interested to see how the defense handles witnesses like this because this witness Capricorn Clark is obviously not coming to, 'cause there was another witness on the stand, George Kaplan, another previous personal assistant of of Diddy's who made it very clear, I still love Diddy. I still think that there's a great person of inside of there. He just has some messed up things. This is a complicated relationship that me and him had because as much as I feel like that I couldn't stand beside him and watch him physically abuse Cassie and some of the other things that this assistant claimed. He also brought up Capricorn Clark as well too.

2 (12m 44s):
'cause he worked so closely with her. But that witness made it clear too that he didn't wanna be there. He was subpoenaed, he didn't have a choice. I believe a witness like Capricorn Clark, even if she doesn't wanna be there, is going to have to draw a, a a, a really hard line in the sand. Because if not, and when I say that Emini here, you're either here to tell it all and kind of stake your claim of what you believe. Do you belie by your testimony? By her testimony, we will understand whether she believes Diddy deserves to be in jail. Diddy deserves to be locked up for the things that he's allegedly done or not. It'll be very clear by how her testimony is angled from the prosecution, how she handles Diddy's team and, and you know, everything they bring back around her way because she was involved in a lot and, and And I and what they've been doing, what Diddy's legal team has been doing with people who have been in involved in a lot of this stuff they've been leaning heavily in on, but you're not innocent either.

2 (13m 42s):
And it's kind of been to their detriment with some people, I will say is it was to their detriment with Cassie only because the physical violence that we've seen from Diddy. It's like, you don't get that outta your mind so it, the two don't match up. So I'm just interested to see kind of how this is gonna play out, you know, with the defense and the prosecutors ping ponging, you know, with this witness. I would, I definitely would say that Capricorn Clark is another star witness, so I'll be bringing you guys an update on what her testimony was and you know, just my opinion on it. But also this weekend too, it's Memorial Day weekend. I, you know, just even being here, I'm like, man, this is a different life for Diddy Memorial Day. Weekends used to mean yachts and you know what Emini here?

2 (14m 23s):
The sexy clothes and the Ciroc and the Deion and you know what Emini here and y'all remember the videos that he would post from the boats, Deion owned by a black man and you know, all of those things. Not this, they, not this Memorial Day weekend, he is behind bars. There was a story that came out, there was a report that came out that talked about what his weekend Memorial Day weekend would look like behind bars. It mentioned him being able to have barbecue chicken, play spades, play dominoes, you know, with other people in the yard. I doubt he's out just enjoying his time while they're, I Emini here. I don't know that for certain, but it would got a lot on his mind right now. I wouldn't be shocked if he wasn't just there trying to enjoy himself. It's not, you know, what Emini here, but it's just very different life.

2 (15m 3s):
And one thing I will say too, I always think about the kids in this situation because they didn't make the decisions for their dad. Whether he did these things that alleged to him or he or he did not. They did not make the decision to do any of these things, but they're having to suffer as well. Dad, not at graduation. Seems like the men in the family, you know, Justin Christian and Quincy, his Sonos, did his Sonos have stepped up and you know, that's a natural thing because they're older in the family and they're the guy, the boys in the family. But just thinking about how unfortunate it is that now you have these kids who have to deal with all of this. It's their graduation weekend and people are recapping your father being, you know, called a sex, allegedly a, a sex trafficker and you know, a a an abuser and like all of these things allegedly, right?

2 (15m 49s):
But we back in court this week y'all, so I'm gonna keep y'all updated, taking it to the streets. You for the streets. We outside. We outside outside every other page. Our goal really quick before we get outta here, I do wanna acknowledge that, you know, with it being Memorial Day weekend, we are now five years since George Floyd passed away. George Floyd is trending right now as he should be. And one of the things I thought about was, I remember the actual like moment when everything happened and George Floyd's video went viral and you know, just how it felt and what the shift was like in The World for that moment at least what it felt like. And I reposted this article, I believe it was from NBC, it was either NBC or New York Times, but I reposted this article where the outlet was having a conversation of, and this, this is the conversation I've been seeing online.

2 (16m 39s):
Are we, did we really progress from George Floyd? Like what, where are we now? Five years later felt like in the moment when George Floyd passed away, there was a lot of like, hold on, let me check myself, let me like from people all over The World, no matter what color, anything, right? People wanted to be educated on like race and racism and all of these things. And people were, you know, very considerate of each other. And you know, like there was just a regard for human life. It wasn't about the color of your skin, it was just the fact that you're a human with a family and people you're supposed to go home to. And you know, George Floyd had a daughter, right?

2 (17m 19s):
Today. I don't know, it just, it feels like a lot of that space and working. And for me as a black woman working in this media space, and not even like outside of my job, just being a black woman, navigating life every single day and, and trying to figure things out. If I'm being honest, I feel like that the moment when all, when everything happened with George Floyd, you know, these five years ago to where we are right now, it does feel like for me as for speaking for myself as a black woman, what happened with George Floyd and what The World had to watch on camera, that was a reality for me before The World had to watch it on camera. So it was something that, as sad as this is gonna sound, I was conditioned to understand, to try and know how to prevent happening to myself, the people I love from the time that I was born.

2 (18m 7s):
And then The World caught wind of it and it was like, oh my God, this happens. This is a thing. Let us help. We wanna figure out how we can help you guys as in black people, make sure that this, this isn't happening 'cause this isn't okay. And it was like, yeah, duh, this isn't okay. And now I feel like we're back at the point where it's like we, well Emini here, you guys can figure it out every man for themselves. Like, it just doesn't feel like that, Hey, we wanna be allies. It doesn't feel like that anymore. And I'm not disappointed by it. And the reason why I'm not disappointed by it is because I'm not shocked. Like if you're not a person who has had to experience certain things or live certain ways or whatever, you're never gonna really understand it. So it, the, the privilege of not being afraid that what happened to a man like George Floyd can happen to you is really a privilege.

2 (18m 56s):
And I think I realized a long time ago that privilege provides a certain opportunity for people to pick up and put down certain things. So when it was trendy, when it was a conversation to have, when being a good person and just caring about a human was like the march on The World did it when it became not trendy, when the headlines didn't get the clicks anymore. Emini here, there are still some good people out there who have hopefully learned from what they saw on that video. I'm not saying that, but I don't know, it just doesn't feel like The World is moving in that way anymore. And I wanna say that I'm disappointed, but I'm not. 'cause it's just a, it's just The World that we live in. It's, it's The World I've been living in all 33 years of my life. So I say this to say anybody out there that is feeling like, okay, it's five years later and what else has happened?

2 (19m 42s):
Like, what have we done? Where have we gotten? Don't be discouraged. Do not be discouraged. I we've been living in this space for a very long time and prevailing and being able to change things and being able to grow things. And I think as generations come, we'll be able to do that. We will. It's gonna take some time and it's gonna take us understanding that there is this very loud privilege out there that we don't have, but we can't let that stop us. We gotta let go of that. We can't let that stop us. We gotta keep, you know what, Emini here and shout out to people who have like still been 10 toes down and all these things. Like people like Tamika d Mallory, and you know, Angela Rye. Like they got loud when things happened, but they've been loud every day since, not just when the, the black squares were posted.

2 (20m 25s):
So shout out to those women and there's so many more people. Like those are just two top of mind, you know, people that I, I follow closely and, and that, you know, I've, I've actually gotten to meet and learn to love and, and, you know, had the privilege to be like guided by a bit. So yeah, I just wanted to end with that. Like, you know, just put that in The World of like, they're having a lot of conversation online right now about what's not happening since George Floyd. But I say if you see what's not happening, figure out a way, you know, within your own space to make it happen or support people who are making it happen. Like we was giving money to these different criminal justice organizations and doing so many different things when, you know, everything happened with George Floyd in the beginning. You can still do that.

2 (21m 5s):
You can take your own moment and make your own moment in time, not just be a moment. So let, let's do it. Let's, I, that is my challenge to you guys as we sit here five years later after the tragic killing of George Floyd. It doesn't have to be a moment, but that starts with you and you choosing to not just make it a moment. I'm Lauren La Rosa. This has been the latest with Lauren la so make sure you guys are following me on all of my socials. Lauren la I tell you guys every day and at the end of each episode at the end of the day, there's so much to talk about all the time and y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you are right here with me And I appreciate that little rider. Make sure you tell a friends who tell a friend, they need to be right here listening because this is where all the good stuff get going down.

2 (21m 48s):
Okay? I'll see you guys in my next episode.

0 (21m 55s):
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.