
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature BS is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


This Christmas. So You're her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. I'm Claressa Shields My baby. Going to the living. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. If I'm been trained for this gold medal, I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working My whole Life for This. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we say voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, of course I call my girl Giselle. When I want some comfort, it's my dad. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone. 'cause it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything


R and B, Money. We up Valenti, we're the authorities on all things r and b. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Tank. I'm J Valentine. And this is the R B Money Podcast. The authority. Yeah. Tell on all things. All things r and b. Yeah. The Miami of this year. Ah, you come to Miami, you better pull over. Whoa. Why you pulling over? Because it's too fast. Listen, you got to tap in with the soil.


The originator. Yeah. Where it all begins. Where it all begins. Yeah. Yeah. Y'all talking that shit now? She been talking that shit. Give it up. Train and a nail. Yeah. Been talking it. Hi guys. You've been, you've been doing this, Been doing this, been done that. How does that feel like watching, you know, watching this new generation just kind of like pick up the pieces that, that, that you've, that you've just kind of inspired and, and just run with it in such a way and be recognized in such a way because you were, you were a standalone. You were by yourself talking like this.


Mm. And now it's like, it's, it's common. It it, this is what you're supposed to do now. Yeah. Yeah. It's just like, I just look back And I just see all the new artists, the girls and stuff, And I could see like the form of inspiration or like the drive, the hunger, like the sassiness. I wanna be the boss. I wanna get my money up, my bags. I see all that, you know? Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, every day it is just constantly, it's a new generation of it growing every single day. It's wow. Do you, do you, do you get those calls and get those time? Is it like, you inspire me to do this all? Do you all the reason I get it all the time. I get it all the time. Yeah. I, I, I, I get some of that, but it's like, the way they start the sentence is like, unc, I'm like, UNC, I thought you embraced UNC at this point.


No, I embraced it now, but in the beginning it was like, og you didn't like unc you like it. You know what I'm saying? I was like, man, I'm still coloring my hair. You know what I'm saying? With the rewind? With the rewind the time. I'm still trying to, I'm at the pool party lake and they're like, just, Hey, how'd, how'd you get in here? Like who? Oh shit. I bought a, I bought a table. I bought a table. Oh, Kansas. The older section is first of all, thank you so much. Thank you so much. Thank for coming. We, we like, we appreciate and value your time. Yeah. For you still cooking in these streets. Thank you. As we are on a show later On this week together.


Yes, Yes. And, And I'm, I'm just, I'm, it's dope to be on the show with you. I want to ask you about the beginning. I want to ask you about the, the beginning of Trina and you being in this Miami space and coming to terms with the fact that I have a gift, I have something to offer. And, and let me show you what that is. When did you identify that? In the beginning. Before even you guys knew me, I knew that, you know, I just kind of came up like that. I came up around a lot of women that were entrepreneurs, hardworking, successful women. You know, my aunt owned a bank. So Your aunt owned a bank?


Yeah. Yeah. Oh Shit. Yeah. Yeah. My mom's sister, she owns a bank. So what's the name of that bank? She passed away. This was years ago. Okay. I was real young, so I just kind of grew up in like, the surroundings of just women. Like always leveling up, you know, businesses. Just seeing women be really profound, like taking care of themselves always, you know, I didn't see like, you know, you say, say that I need Yeah, yeah. I, I, I didn't see like that. I didn't see like the women I grew up around, I didn't really see them sit around and wait for anything. They didn't have a handout?


No, it was, they were the hands, they were the hands that was handing out, you know? Yeah. They was the bosses, they was the, you know, the women in the nice cars with the nice business, the nice home. This is the stuff I saw growing up all the time, all around me. So all my friends, this is what we, we aspire to be like these women, how can we have our own money? I want my own car, my own, like, this is the stuff that I, you know, wanted to see. So I always, that was before I even became, you guys know Emini here, like Emini here, I'm from Miami. This is a big place. So everybody already knew who I was just because of my upbringing. And then when I decided to do music, it just made it like, you know, like 10 times even more intense. But I already had that vision. Like when I started doing music, I fell in love with the women that were like, oh my God, this is, you make me, you know, happy.


Or that song you did, it was got me through my heartbreak And I wanted to just kill my husband And I just listened to you. And I just so much of that. And I used to be like, you know, like, wow, you know, like my husband cheated And I gave him a chance. I'm not giving him more chances. So I was the one that was like the one, you know? Wow. More power, the strength, the hugs, the, the love and the, the energy, the attitude, the, you know, the determination to be able to walk and stand on your own. Yeah. And I just, that was how I set myself up. Like, everything I did, I wanted to do it. I wanted to make sure that my affairs was in order. I had everything that I needed. I had my own everything.


And my business was organized from the rip. As soon as you came from the start. Yeah. Like, you know, from the start, like Emini here, it, it's a, it's music, it's fun. We traveling and we performing, but that's still a business. Like I never got so caught up in the fun to, I didn't understand the business. That's why 20 plus years later I'm here because I understood the business from the beginning. And I tell a lot of girls now, like, you know, they ask me for advice and stuff, I tell them that like, it's all fun. You go out, you know, you got your wands, you in the club, you popping bodies, you having good, a good time. You and you supposed to have a good time. You young, you living life and we only get one life. But you need to be really precise, ideal and strategic about your business.


Making sure that you are setting a ground for yourself, making sure you have for yourself, making sure you don't run into a brick wall and everything the door is closing you. Like what all happened? The whole start went away. No. Yeah. You gotta, you gotta you gotta understand that this is still a business, right? Even though for us it's still, it is a, it's a craft, it's art and people adore it and you do it for as long as you feel until you say, I don't wanna do it no more. That's right. And that's still like running a business. I work for self D is self-employed. D must get up for self and run and handle her business. Yeah. So that's just how I kind of started. So, so as you as, as you talk this boss talk, I love it.


Which is I love it. Which is very exciting, right? Yeah. You, you, you, you had the foresight in terms of understanding, you know, to make sure the business was taken care of, to be on top of your business. But I feel like also you would under, you understood all levels of the music business even before you even kind of embarked on it. So choosing to be a rapper was definitely a cons, a concise choice. Because coming from from these, these, these these boss inspirations who owned, you could have could've easily chose management or just be part of a label or just be like, you could have chosen all those things.


What made you choose to be in front of the microphone to, Because I felt like I was a star. Talk that shit. This is Like, this is the main stage. This is not the preview, this is the main stage. Stage. So yes, I just, I always felt like that, you know, like I was just always the leader of the pack. Even with all my friends, my girls, I'm the person in charge. Yes. I'm making sure everybody outfits look a certain way. We going to this spot, we gonna sit in this section. Everybody got that was me, organized organization. All the girls gotta be looking this way. Like that was my thing. So I knew when I started doing music, I was gonna like run everybody crazy 'cause I knew exactly what I wanted. Are you, are you, are you, do you go as far as like Yeah, yeah.


You're not gonna be able to sit with us with that with that on. That's not going. Oh yeah, no Look. But before you out, what? Tonight? This is not that. My weird are like all black affair. You gonna have to change. Yeah, no it's not. It's respect. Like I just know you look right. I don't want you to look a crazy, everybody knows that about me. Yeah. Hmm. Maybe you should wear something else. Like what's the other option? Or you look beautiful, this is it. Like that's just me. Everybody. It's an all black affair. Everybody's wearing black. Don't come in here with your sob story about why you have on yellow. We're not accepting that. Don't Come in here with your sob story. It's organization like formation. Yeah. We are not doing that. So I just kinda structure like that. 'cause I just like to be organized in just this whole little, you know, thing. There's a listen, there is a, there a certain sexiness to order.


Yeah, yeah. You understand what I'm saying? And when it look a certain way, 'cause you know we can speak from the guy's perspective when we look at the, at the section and the and the section is curated. Yeah. The right way. Yeah. We want to, we want to send some, some flowers and some and and maybe a couple bottles to that section. Hey, you tell them that they doing the right shit over there. Right? That's a good section. Yeah, that's a good section right There. And you never wanna have to tell one of the homies, you know, you got take one for the team. You see the one in that yellow That's you Wrong with the, so with the sob story, you gotta take one for the team and that dog. No man, you won't be always like that. Jacob Up. We need you man. They one in the yellow we wanted, that's you, we we gonna focus on all black.


So let's get to these records. S right. So you, you're, you're curating your section in the homies and y'all moving a certain way and then, nah nigga. Oh my God. So now The way you just Even come in on the record, Is that the first rap song you record or are you already No, that was the first rap song I recorded. That was the, that was kind of like me doing a favor for trick. It wasn't really like it turned into a record, but that's not initially what it started out as. It started out as you know, before I even heard the record trick was like kind of on the phone, kind of like just talking, rapping, whatever he was gonna say on the, hold on. Can I, can I go back to you and Trick getting on the phone. How do y'all meet? Is this how long I met Trick when I was in school.


Gotcha. Like way younger. We was in school but Trick ended up going to jail. So I've never seen him no more until he was outta jail. He was grown but this was way years later and I think like six, seven years after. And then he, he always would say he wanted the music, he wanted to rap so bad and like all of our girls, he would always be rapping and stuff. We used to be like, okay already. Yeah, go shop a deal. We are not a record label like already. And so once he got out of jail, he really like all the raps that he was rapping up in jail or whatever, he brought it all out in and he went directly to Luke to go do music and he did a song. He did his whole thing over there. And then after that he got signed to slip and slide records. Yeah.


And then it was like, okay you elevate, you moving from one thing to the next. And then he had put out an album on Slip and slide. So we just already knew him. So we always would support him. Yeah. Go to the videos. You know, me and my girls just hang out and just go show him love and 'cause he really got outta jail and did and did it like said I wanted the music. Yeah. And then so now it's the second album time. And then he just called me one day. It was me and my friends in the car. We was on our way I think to the flea market or something like that. And he was just like, Hey, I want you guys to come by the studio. And we was like, no, it is gonna be a whole bunch of people over there. Like no what for? He was like, no, no, no, it's just gonna be me. And he was calling out the names and we was like, I, 'cause I'm the person that always say who I gonna be over there? That's me. I'm always there shooting you Him.


That's Who's all over there. So he was kind of saying who was over there? So it wasn't a lot. So we was like, what do you want Trick? And then he was just like, I want you, I need you Trina to come like talk on this song. I need you to just come get on this song. I was like, get on the song and do what? And he was like, I'm gonna let you hear it. And he just started saying it on the phone. And I was like, what are you saying? You don't know Nan? Like what? He was like, Nan n And I was like, now meaning like nobody n nobody's better than you. Like Nan. Like nothing is better. And then he was like, yeah. And I was like, all right, we'll see. So we came over and when I got to the studio he played the record And I was like, what in the hell is happening here?


He wasn't feeling it. It was No it wasn't. It was different. Was different. It was just like, whoa. Like he was just talking, you know, you guys heard the record crazy? He was talking to talk. Yeah. Talking crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And so mind you, it was just him on the hook and just saying it. And then he was like verbally saying his verse. It wasn't done yet though. It was just kind. So I was like, well what the hell am I gonna be doing on the record? And then he was like, no, I just need you to go in there. Take your friends. I had my girlfriends with me, my God sister and some of my homegirls and just all y'all go in the booth and just, just, I need you to just like talk the talk. Like I need you to just like, it's like guy versus girl. So if a guy is just kind of coming at your aggressive and you know whatever, I need you to just go like 10 times and say that you gonna hear what I'm gonna say And you just go off that you respond back to him.


Yeah. And so I'm in there, I'm saying all kind of stuff and my friend's like, no, that's not nasty enough. Say this. And we taking stuff away, we laugh. It was just a whole production this day in the studio. Yeah. And so when it was finally done, we, he had left trickle, left studio, so, which is us, so me and my girls and the engineer. And so when it was done we called him and told him it was finished and then he came back and heard it and then he called the label owner from the slip and slide records. And then he heard it and he was like, that is not Trina. And then we was like, yes it is. And then the rest was history. I gotta deal with Atlantic Records from the song. And So at that. So you weren't even trying To No, they were trying to sign me for a couple months, like three, four months to the label. I was like, no, I'm just doing a favor. I don't know. I was like, no. Oh, you saying no at first too?


Yeah. I was like, no. I was like, I'm just doing, I just went to talk and do a favor. Like, you know, just talk my talk like you know how you hear songs and you hear girl, somebody in the background, they arguing, she's not actually an artist, she's just somebody in the background or somebody, you know, your friend. And she just, and then they were like, no. And Atlantic Records was like, who is that? And I was like, I kept saying no, they were harassing me days and days and days. They were harassing you. Yeah. So I went to perform, it was Trick's birthday party right after. And they was trying to release the record and they want, I come to his birthday party, I was like, okay cool, I'll come. So I go to the birthday party, I know he's gonna perform and do his thing, but I'm just here in full support. Me and my friends And I, as we there, they played the record he was gonna perform and they started playing his records.


He started playing some songs and then I remember the record came on and they told me, well we want you to come out on the record. I was like, absolutely not. Like that's not gonna happen. It's just not. It's not gonna happen. And so I remember it was like the, it was a club, it wasn't a really big club. The stage was not so big. So we were like behind the stage in this little VIP or that's where his blah the party was at before you get out to the main part. And he came on the stage and he started perform. So I'm in the back standing by the curtain, you know, we stand up, me and my girls, we looking, we just partying, having a good time. And so they kept saying, you have to come out. I kept saying I'm not coming out. And when the song came on him and like one of my other friend guys, they came, they pushed the curtain open, they was like to show the crowd it was me.


This is the girl was there. Yeah. Like this is the girl who's saying it. And as soon as they did that, they were like trying to grab me to come to the stage and the girls like right when I was talking to Lil like Hold up, hold up, hold that little part. Yeah, I was standing right there and the girls in the crowd like just said every word to the song I'm talking about. I didn't open my mouth and say nothing. Wow. I was just standing there looking like what it was, you know, you got it. That's how it just started. That's exactly how it happened. Was that the bug? Was that the thing that said that moment like I to feel that again? Yeah. No, there was one more that Nah, that still wanna know.


It wasn't that. That was the one thing. So then after that Naty invited me, this was a performance, this was like the first Performance of Trick's new album. It's at a college town is in Tallahassee, FA MU. So we going go to Tallahassee. So we all excited like, okay, we'll go, let's go. And that was the bug. That was the one. 'cause it was like, this is a big venue, it's a big stage. And Emini here the song, it is one ver like one Jabbar. So by the time trick he had like, he didn't really do a lot of songs from like the previous project. He had did a couple songs from that and maybe it was like a 30 minute set. So this song now particularly was the last song that he do.


And when it came on, you could just see the like the crowd just inflaming, everybody's going nuts. And now it's time for me to come out. And then you just hear the girls, everybody just screaming. I could hear 'em in the back, I'm looking peeking. And so by the time I came back and this time I had came with like my friends, some dancers, everybody a whole full production. And then we came out And I did the song And I don't know, I was like, what is going on? Like what did I create? I'm talking Emini here. I literally didn't have to say nothing. They said the whole song. Like I couldn't even, I was like, I was starstruck, like looking at them like what? And then that's, that was it.


And you still don't have a deal yet, are you? At this point? Do you have the deal? No, I Have you given in and and actually did Your deal. I didn't think I had the deal at the Tallahassee thing. I think right after Tallahassee I did the deal. I did the deal.


You know at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save those voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something. You know, for me, when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call. Aja, her voice always feels like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend Mel. His voice gives me the lift I didn't know I needed. At t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something there, here forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company


This Christmas. So you're Her, Right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's Go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. I'm been train for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for this. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only in theaters. Everywhere Christmas Day


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms


Good people. What's up? It's Questo Quest Love and Team Supreme And I have been working hard to bring you some incredible episodes of Questlove Supreme. What guests you definitely don't want to miss. Now, one of the things I love about this Questlove Supreme Podcast is we got something for everybody. Every type of musical ever, we enjoy speaking to the people who were the face of some movements, some people you've seen on stage or TV or magazine covers. But we also love speaking to the folks who were making it happen behind the scenes. And we paved the way for those that followed, you know, keytones to the culture. This season we've had some amazing one-on-one conversations. Like I'm hill chatting up with Hitmaker, Sam Holland shook Steve, chatting with the legend Nick Lowe. And I've had pleasures of doing one-on-one conversations with Willow Sonata, Matre, Kathleen Hanna and the Rza. These are conversations you won't hear anywhere else. So make sure you go back and you check those episodes out. All right, listen, the Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


So were you able to since, Yeah, right after that. So now you have this hit record that's out you, you kind of playing cat and mouse with the label. Are you able to create a bidding war or do you say, I'm still going this way though? Well it wasn't no bidding war, it was just Atlantic. Okay. They just came through with that pressure. Yeah. Like this is what they wanna do, this is the deal. They gonna merge with slip and slide. This is the deal coming through this trick and Trina record X, y, z. And it was a great deal. And we just, I did it and immediately, well 'cause this was 19, this was in 98. Then the app, the record came out and then we went on like all these different tours like right after for the whole straight year. But in the midst of that whole year of touring off this record, that's when I was creating my album.


So it came out in 2000, right. Directly right after the record, which is so great. So went from that to that and it just started Because it's like you were just having a good time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You were just having fun. Yeah. And stumbled on Yeah. And you were able to, in a sense, practice with a hit record. Yeah. 'cause no, nobody gets to do that. Yeah. Usually people go out there, don't nobody know 'em. They not, they don't know your songs. Oh Yeah. And then I had in the midst of that another thing, 'cause right when we did now I had did What's your fantasy remix with Ludacris? Oh yeah. So that record was boom. So I had two records, shit. And so I would go on the road with Ludacris, go on the road with tricks.


So took back and forth, back and forth, Back and forth. You was hot, used hot, you had kind Of happened. Real, real all this is before I put out my first single on my album. So I had both of those records like out the gate. Are you doing any shows by yourself or you just like, okay, I'm gonna just do their shows with Them? No, I just did the shows with them. I didn't do no shows by myself until my album came out. Okay. 'cause then it was all me. Okay. Yeah. So you waited. Yeah. You waited because I was, and while I was doing it, I had just got the deal signed and then Atlantic was like requesting, I put the album out like right away. Like, you know, Momentum done now Fish that wave. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Yes. And so I did it within the year while I was on The World working with them. So When you do your deal, because we like to ask you, get your check, Get your check.


I know you, what you buy, what you Buy. I didn't buy anything actually. You buy nothing. Mm, Nope. I actually, this is just funny. I didn't buy nothing. I gave the check to my mom actually. And my mom, well I, I had introduced my mom into like buying properties, buying stuff, flipping it and you know, buying, selling, whatever. And so when I first got the check or whatever, it was like, I was already working And I was good. I was making money so I didn't really need the check. Yeah. So I just gave it to her and here I go. My album came out the first year we working on the album. I'm doing videos, I'm traveling and touring, whatever. The second year came, I'm still in The World. I'm working, but I'm getting creating my second album at the same time.


And by the time the second album had dropped and came out, I believe it was like when the album came out, I wanna say like right after, like I had like a album release party or something or whatever. And then my mom gave me the check back. But it was double the money. She just took, she just doubled it. Like whatever she was sliping out, shout that to. So I had like a double check. So I didn't, I just really had it. I didn't have a use used to like you invested it. Yeah. I didn't have a use to like getting nothing because I kinda had everything. Like I had three cars, I had a house, I had everything I wanted. Like I was just young traveling The World, doing what I wanted do. I didn't, you know what Emini here, I didn't really need nothing like that except, but to just live life, wake up and get the album done. I'm glad you didn't buy rims, like tank Rims.


Yeah. You gotta buy rims. S Right. She said Rims car with no rims. I had rims on the guys. They come, come listen, lemme tell you something. First of all, I'm in la you know what I'm saying? And in LA the, if you got a rim, she was in Miami. If you got a, I know that this, the culture was different. Yeah. No it's not. They got, they got the dunks. I, That was more like the guys thing. The dunks and all that down here. That's a big thing for us. Butt. I as a boy, I had to show up with that shit on my car. And when they gave me my first check, no, I didn't have nowhere to live. Absolutely not. So you didn't double yours?


No, I didn't double mine. But I doubled up on them rims. I promise you that. I put them low and hard. LD ones on that GS 300 black on black damn Platinum edition. And they saw me go ahead and look at the camera and say, Hey kids, I wasted mine. Yes. Kids, please don't buy rims. No, because you know, you go through, because they come with rims. You go through a tire a month and, and don't go to all the strip clubs. Pick one. Just just pick one. We try to be an informative vibe. We try to be an informative part. Okay. But I had fun. Shout out to the Nexus Gold Club.


Shout out to legs, shout out to Michelle, triple X and Trish Niggas. I'm just shout out to Peanuts. Hey man. All right man. Get outta there man. Okay. Okay. Anyway, so, so give me, give me your, give me just your disposition and how you're feeling going from, okay. Yes. I'm just jumping on stage with trick. I'm just jumping on stage with Luda now. It's, now it's just your name on the marquee. It's just you. How are you feeling at this point? 'cause you all from, from what you've stated, you've already felt bossy, right? Yeah. Oh yeah. But now this has to take your boss level. Oh yeah. To a whole I was outta control.


I was outta control. No, I just felt, I, I really, it just really like separated me, you know, from what I was already doing to what I just already wanted to do myself. Yeah. Like I'm in charge. This is the ticket is about me. So everything that's I'm bringing to this show and to this platform, I'm doing it on my own. Like, I'm calling the shots. I want the sound to sound like this. I want the stage like this. I want dance because I want, you know, like trick ain't really have dancing and stuff. He was just a guy, he used to get up there and rap. I wanted a production, you want show, so I wanna turn it different. And yeah, it was different. Definitely. So did you hire from within, like as far as from Miami? Or did you like do the whole, who's the biggest choreographer? Or did you Do it? You know, I, I did it kind of here first. 'cause we have a lot of, like, we had a lot of great dancers.


That's right. A lot of grants Emini here. Great dancers. You know, they, they travel. They dance here. They dance Atlanta, they dance California like all, you know, artists videos and tours and stuff. So I already came in with that. Like yeah, Miami is a big known place for dance teams and dancers. Yeah. Yeah. So that was easy to find. That was easy to get that. So yeah, I kind of constructed that. That's like right here. That's dope. I love that. And your first solo tour is, is with who? Myself. I, it was myself. Yeah. But you didn't have to really? So wow. You didn't have to do the promo run though. Promo Like Radio style. She did promo run with Oh Yeah. Emini here as far as like Yeah. But you did that with Which Trick? And with Ludic, I'm saying once your project came, you were already getting paid to do shows.


Yeah, but I still did promo though. Oh, you still Did it though. Okay. I did still did a lot of promo. Yeah. Because once I did my album, kids that don't wanna do promo these Days. No, no. You promo definitely. I definitely did promo, I definitely did those radio dates. Yeah, I definitely did those. You know, go to the radio station show love every, whatever they needed. I did that also. 'cause then again, when it was my album and then, you know, I did my single and then I had my single with Kelly Rowland. And so it was definitely mandatory for promo, it was definitely like a marketing strategy behind it. And I definitely had to still take, like it was dates that I would, that I would be booked. It was for me to like perform. But I would take radio dates in with that also. I had to, and Emini here, I didn't care 'cause I was, sometimes I would do two shows in a day.


Yeah. Sometimes. So I'll do a show, two shows in one city or two shows in one city in another show or after party somewhere else. Or a show here and a show somewhere else. Fly here or drive here. So it was kind of like every day, you know, so I added promo into that with radio, like kind of on the run. I didn't have a problem with that though At all. I think like when we were talking about, you know, just younger artists and, and artists who've, who've kind of in this new generation have more subscribed to online promo versus in person promo touching people. There's a difference in touching the people. Huge difference in those artists who've actually gone to all those B and C markets and left their mark there.


Because I can tell, I know for a fact you can go anywhere, anywhere down south anywhere and get a full, you can go anywhere and get a bag. And that is a result of those promo runs. Man. Just going to touch the people doing those luncheons showing up. Listen, I done showing up to to to where they, where they doing the hair? To the hair salon? How did this in, I, we had a, we had a, in Chattanooga, no, wasn't not Chat Charleston, South Carolina. Fill up your tank with Tank and, And I, And I was pumping the gas. This was Six, Six in the morning. But it's a line around point as far as I can see.


Yeah. And I am pumping gas. I'm shaking hands and, and there's no babies this early morning. But I'm shaking hands and giving hugs at the gas station. And I think, you know, for us coming up in those times, I think that's been a saving grace in the difference in, in us being able to stand the test of time because we're connected to people. Yeah. We're not just connected online. But then you add the fact that you have legendary music and you have legendary persona, which I think these new young female artists are, are snatching pieces of and trying to, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, I, I love the way that you've, that you've embraced all the newer artists too that have come along.


Yeah. You know what Emini here, because everybody that's isn't always receptive of, you know, what's coming. But I feel like it's, it's done nothing but continue to push you higher up. 'cause you, you just move in, in such grace. Yeah. And I just, it's really cool to watch. Thank you. And really cool to see and, and see, you know, all the, the artists that, that have come after you celebrate you. I I'm watching it like in real time. It's as soon as they start talking, they're like, and Trina. Yeah. Yeah. And that's just, it's really, really cool. Really cool to, to see. But the, the things that you've done early on too with you and Trick Daddy had the most amazing chemistry, like you said with the back and forth with your records.


Like shut up and take it to the house. Like y'all got records that they still play right now. Right now. For sure. But even just like get the, get the get the arena going records. Yeah. How did it feel to have a record like that? Like a take it to the house where you, any football game you go to? Yeah. Basketball game, anything. A sporting event because that's not like, okay. Yeah, we at the club And Right, right. It's gonna get us burn. No, this is little kids in there. Y'all take us to The house. He's having fun. Everybody's having a good time. That's a great feeling. You know, like, we got a chance to perform that record at the halftime for the Dolphin game shit. Right. During the, before the Super Bowl and you know, like said before the Super Bowl.


Oh, that's cool. It's like, you know, it's just kids, everybody. Yeah. It was just one of those records that everybody's having a good time. They just listen to the beat. They just listen to the whole harmony and us just talking and you know, and it's just a fun record. I think that's like a universal record. It's just a record you could put on the party. A barbecue. Yeah. You know, a game, a kickback, whatever you wanna put it on. And it's just one of those records that has still been standing Yeah. All these years. Yeah. You got, you got so many hits though. Yeah. So Many. I'm just sitting looking At him from the club to Yeah. Thank you. And it's one of those things you kind of like, if you pull up on a girl and she playing Trina, you don't really, you like, ah, okay. She is she on one of the Talk shit records or Chelsea Some cool shit.


I don't really, what is she, What did I do? What did Trina do there today? Do there today. Today


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing? They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Good people. What's up? It's Questo Quest Love and Team Supreme And I have been working hard to bring you some incredible episodes of Questlove Supreme, what gifts you definitely don't want to miss. Now, one of the things I love about this Questlove Supreme Podcast is we got something for everybody. Every type of musical ever, we enjoy speaking to the people who were the face of some movements, some people you've seen on stage or TV or magazine covers. But we also love speaking to the folks who were making it happen behind the scenes. And they paved the way for those that followed, you know, keytones to the culture. This season we've had some amazing one-on-one conversations like, I'm Dave Hill, chatting up with Hitmaker, Sam Holland Shook Steve, chatting with the legend Nick Lowe. And I've had pleasures of doing one-on-one conversations with Willow Sonata, Matre, Kathleen Hanna and the Rizza. These are conversations you won't hear anywhere else. So make sure you go back and you check those episodes out. All right, Listen, The Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and another one Gone. A tip. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing, check it. And it began With me. Give Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You know what Emini here, like you gotta figure out how to go. Here we go, we gonna make a vote on, okay, we're gonna make your super r and b artists and you gotta put this artist together with artists dead or alive with these qualities. Okay? Who are you going to get the vocal from? The performance style. From the styling from and the passion of the artist, the heart of the artist. Who out of all the artists you love and know, are you gonna get the vocal from to make your super artist one vocal. Whitney Houston? Yes. Shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Top tier. The voice. Okay. Who you gonna get? The performance style fiance? Beyonce. Okay, well then doubt if you know, you know, you know I went to all, okay anyway, the styling of The, who gonna put the fly shit on the Fly?


Shit man. I'm gonna go with Patty. Yeah. She gonna come through with a clean, nice clean one. Easy. Easy. My grandmamma used to make me watch Pat LaBelle. You, you, you see how she, the hair used to be out doing the Thing that look like a Hat. What? And the passion of the artist. The heart of the artist. Passion. Passion. Heart. Passion. Ooh, I'm gonna go Fantasia. Ooh. Ooh. She gonna kick off them shoes and get into it. Take shoes off. Start sweating. Yeah, she gonna get into it.


Five minutes in, She's gonna get right into it. Yeah. I cried. Yeah. When Fantasia won American Idol. Yes. Like she deserved that. Robbed she deserved that. Yes. Like she got, she did something to my soul That she deserved it. That just doesn't happen. I cried when we was on tour. We was on tour together. I just cried. All right, here we go. Yeah. Let you notice I have theme songs for a lot of this shit. Okay. I ain't saying no names. Hey, I ain't saying no names. I ain't saying no names. I ain't saying no name. Who you was. Who?


What you did. Don't say don't say She. I ain't saying no name. Yeah, We, so we, we are here now. We are here now. Yeah. Are here. Special segment, special of the show. It's called, I ain't saying no names. Will you tell us a story funny or fucked up or Funny and fucked up? Okay. The only rule to the game is you can't say no names. Okay. Okay. We are in Los Angeles, California, right? It is my birthday weekend. Yeah. And we are about to turn up. I am with the hottest chicks in the industry.


Yeah. Legend Superstar one is so big. It's, Yeah, Just iconic. Okay. Okay. I decide to go out with my friends. I'm calling everybody up. They not answering everybody. I'm thinking like, you know, I'm, they like, you know, nobody's reaching back out to me. We all up here. I go shopping with my friends, me and my friend go shopping. We go a couple places, we go to the store, we go Rodeo Drive, we go to Melrose, we, we get food, we walking around, we shopping, we leave, we come back to the hotel. All my stuff is all over the bed and stuff.


I'm sitting in there, couple celebrities is in here, my friends, and we're just here. And all of a sudden, you know, we're just getting ready. It's my birthday, so everybody's getting ready to have a good time. We gotta get dressed to, you know, whatever. And all of a sudden there's like a knock on the door of the hotel and I'm like, what the hell is that? And some of my friends are, you know, they drink and they just vibing. They're on the balcony having a good time. So I'm like, Hey, somebody's the door. Somebody's the door. And they go to the door like, Hey, it's like security. I'm like, what the hell is going on? Like, you know. So I say, well open the door, I'm in the room, I'm hiding in the room or whatever. And they come to the door, it's like two like police guys. And like another guy looks like the hotel owner or security or whatever.


And they go, they ask me for my name. And so my friend is like, yeah, she's here. What, what's the problem? And so I come out the room, out the back, I come to the door, they're like all standing right here. I go to the door and they're like, Hey, are you such and such? Or whatever. And I'm like, yeah, that's me. And they're like, they have this paper, it has a picture of my driver's license. And I'm like, the fuck is going on? So we look and I'm like, yeah, this is me. What happened? And he was like, were you with someone today shopping today? Out shopping? I was like, yeah, I was shopping. He was like, were you guys shoplifting What? I was like shoplifting. I was like, so I got very Miami shoplifting, me shoplift. Do you know where I am? I just went crazy, like, da da da, I got all this stuff, I have all this stuff, whatever.


Mind you, my friends are here, they're celebrity, they're all sitting here. So I'm just, first of all, I'm embarrassed. I'm scared. Oh, the police is here. Shoplifting. So I'm looking at my friend, like, they was like, and she was with you. And I was like, yeah. And the guy goes, we have you on camera for stealing something out of a store. So I'm here. The guy Ian came to the door and he go, I looked at her And I go, were you stealing? And she said, And I just, He bust stop crying. And they were like, you know what, you two, you guys come with us. And they grab us up to the door and put our hands behind our back or whatever. And at that time, soon as my hand went behind my back, I just heard something go boom. And it was a music box pop on. And the guys with the police things I taking out, they clothes started dancing.


So my other celebrity friends are at the door, in the door. They in the back there on the floor in the hallway crying, laughing, screaming, laughing. And when they come in, I was so mad to, I couldn't even, I I for, I didn't even realize them, like starting to do the strip teaching. I was so mad I couldn't get unmatched. It was like happy birthday. And then everybody just came and everybody was having, I was so mad. I was like, stealing rodeo drive. What, what man was what? How do you get my id? My friend took a picture of my, ID zoomed it in. It was a big pot. But my friend, my celebrity friend, her security was the guys that came to the door as security. I never saw her security before. So I'm thinking these big guys, these are like police and legit Security. The legit, yeah, He's talking about, it was so not funny, but it was so funny after I was pissed off.


But I had a good time after. But boy, this group here, it was a, it was like one of the best birthdays ever. Oh, that's Great. That's great. That's great. Yeah. Yeah. I was waiting on Ashton Kutcher to pop up like being prank, like what's happening? Like what Her saying Yeah though, really probably sent you like, you didn't Have to do that motherfucker outta Oh my God. Yeah. I was looking at her like, what? Stealing, like it's my birthday weekend. Like what? And she went right on it. But she was like, just a Shirt, just a shirt. Just a shirt. Everybody in the room was just trying not to laugh so hard during the whole time because I was at the door like terrified my hands in my back. And that is like what? And I, my eyes were big. I was like crying and everything. And I was just so embarrassed and Emini here when I seen the pee at that door.


And when I seen them, once the guys came in And I seen my friends on the floor. I'm talking about on the hallway of this hotel floor, laughing. Oh, I was too pissed off with them. But it was a good day. You didn't Get to enjoy the, I didn't even care about the strip. I was just over it. I was too mad to enjoy. I was just like, I couldn't even have fun right then. 'cause I was, my heart was beating like, shoplifted, arrested la Wait, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We have to have a miscommunication. And then, yeah, that's what happened. So that was like the little trick that happened to me though. I am the baddest. Do you know Shopping, stealing, what? All my receipts. My purse, my credit card, all my bags. Like it is my birthday. Like yeah. But that was a, that was, that was one of the things that got me. That was A great story. That is a great, that is a great names. Shout out to the friends that we're not gonna say their names, but shout out for y'all.


Put out, Can't say the name. Shout Out to, said they actually stole something too that could have turned into a fight like a motherfucker. I know how that could went you. Yeah. Trina, listen, we Emini here. Your, your essence is legendary. Thank you. As, as you continue to see these young ladies with more confidence, more business acumen and, and, and owning who they are as women. You, you are, you are, you are a part of creating that legacy for us. Thank you. So we appreciate you. Thank you. We, we, we, we can't wait till I'm gonna put a date on it. We can't wait till June, you know, so shit, we can't wait until, until May.


I'm just throwing, I'm just throwing months out there. You know what I'm saying? I'm not trying to apply. No pressure. You know what I'm saying? Just, I'm just praying. And maybe sometime in May, June, you know what I'm saying? New Trina. I'm just joking. I'm just putting that in the atmosphere because We going on tour and if she wanna pop out, You know what I'm we gonna you Anytime. Anytime. And if you need us for anything, man, this is, this is a home for you. Thank you. Whatever you need us to say, do promote, show up to whatever it is. We're we, we're there. Thank you. We're absolutely there. Thank you guys. Show everyone in police suits. Not that shit. This, this. See I always wanna take his shirt Off. Who stoles some shit. Relax. This is what I do. That's my job. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Tank.


I'm J Valentine And this is the R B Money Podcast. The authority on all things r and b. And this has been Boss Talk with the baddest. Please make some noise for Trina in The building. Yeah, Thank you. R B Money. R B Money is a production of the Black Effect. Podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts are wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Don't forget to subscribe to and radar show, and you can connect with us on social media at J Valentine and at the Real tank for the extended episode.


Subscribe to youtube.com/r B Money


People, my people. What's up? This is Questlove man. I cannot believe we're already wrapping up another season of Questlove Supreme Man. We've got some amazing guests lined up to close out the season, but you know, I don't want any of you guys to miss all the incredible conversations we've had so far. Emini here. We talked to a Marie Johnny Mar, e, Jonathan, Billy Porter, and so many more. Look, if you haven't heard these episodes yet, hey, now's your chance. You gotta check them out. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.