
This is an iHeartPodcasts. If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th, only on Stars and The Stars app


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features, support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University.


Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years. As the nation's largest nursing school, Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Learn more@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you. Today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition, or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NMLS consumer access.org. Number 30 30


R B Money We Up Tank Jake Valentine. We're the authorities on all things r and b. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Tank. I'm Jay Valentine. This is the R and B Money podcast. Yeah. Yeah. The authority. You know what it's, do you know All things what? R and beans. Anything else that comes with music? You have to understand, today is the day of reckoning.


Yeah. We got a great, yeah. Come in the motherfucking building. Stick on it. Big dog, super vegan. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Super. I don't need a drink to make these hits for anybody. Beat. Write it. Yeah. Melody Hall Of Fame with it. Rap. Yeah. Hall of Fame. Yeah. Yeah. You niggas Ain't no Hall of Fame that man. I don't need to know. No nigga. It's only true Nixon on fame. Man. One up sitting right here with us. Yes sir. And he had birds all in the intro. He was a bird man too. All in the dos.


The oh my God, ladies and gentlemen. Is is him. Yeah. That's the best way I can say it. The Mr. Jermaine, jd. The pre and this mother, my brother. Come on. Damn. Hell of an intro. God damn. Yes sir. It's got to be right. You's got to, you earned that shit. Okay. This ain't, bro. I remember the first time I met you when I was working with Jagged in the studio, late nineties. They was, they was already cracking. And they had wrote a little song for me on, on, on, on a beat. Cox Beat. We was in the studio and you know, me and Brian was, was kind of cool.


Brandon was giving me the superstar shoulder cold, Sean. Hey, you know Brandon? No, don't fuck with nobody. I gotta, I gotta get noticing. I don't know this nigga. I don know this nigga. Right. And so we, we breaking the ice and, and, and, and getting to know each other like, yeah. You know, we, we, you know, we go do some hoop. I'm like, who, who, where at Jermaine Studio? Was it? Jermaine Studio. Oh, because y'all wasn't at Jermaine first. We were at at Newtown. They was at Dunton. Yeah. Okay. He's like, yeah, we gonna go to Jermaine. So I said, well, can I go to, can I try to Jermaine Studio. Danny's gonna etiquette though. Etiquette. That's etiquette. That etiquette.


Listen, he's Jermaine Dupree. Right. You just don't pull up. You. Nah, I'm not pull up that man studio, but I don't know this nigga. Right. Nah, I'm not nobody. I'm no One. Hey, listen, if you pull up as that nigga too, you always are remembered as that nigga. That nigga. Yeah. Just roll up in here. Start eating snacks, playing basketball. No, no, no. I said you y'all, y'all think it'll be cool? Nah, that's cool. Come with us jd. Super cool. Meet JD for the first time. Big fan man. So dope man. I was on, I told him I was, I was on tour with, with with Drew Hill when I was singing backgrounds with Genui and when that remix came on, ah, that whole arena, Nigga.


So I hoop against your guys. That's right. You, you know, some of the greatest singers. One of the greatest groups of all time. And, And I, And I kicked their ass. Oh, hey, hey, we wait for twins. Y'all gotta come here. Come on. Because I wasn't there. So I Come on. Can't say what happened. We waiting, be ready for this. Sk attest. I think I might, we playing half court. I might had two dunks in a half court game. Oh God. They switched on me so many times. I didn't know who was checking me. You dunked on my gym. Absolutely. Oh, okay. That's that's pretty impressive. Absolutely. Yeah. My rims is high. That's why I asked that. They a little higher than regulations. My G that's my point. That's the point of really the story.


Yeah. Yeah. Some of y'all got studios, couple rooms. Right, right. Maybe a pre-production, you know what I'm saying? Little Nst in there. Something little n Yeah. You know what I'm saying? No Board nigga ain't got no boards now you ain't got no board. Yeah. Jds got a fully mixed master gym. Hoop massage parlor, vegan ice cream distribution. Strip club. Strip Club. Strip club. I had to put a strip club in the studio. This was, this was Nelly's request. Mm. We had a room. Yeah. Nelly was like, Hey man, let's stop going to the strip club. So we would stay in here and make music, make that a strip club.


And I was like, man. And then I, we, we, we figured it out. I about to say it should feel like an easy answer for you. Figured it out. Magic. King of magic. I like going to Magic. But we, I like going. Yeah. I love going to Magic. I like the wings. I knew you about to say you wing. That's How you try to get From. Come on. That's, I really only go for the wings. Yeah. The women are an added bonus. Okay. Shout out to Magic City and, and and the, the women who adorn the facility. That's right. And Miss the magic himself. Yes. We love you here at R Money. We need Magic money. Oh, matter of fact, ma, matter of fact, yes. I'm, I'm doing a documentary.


The the Magic City documentary is coming out in May. It's, it's on Stars. I think I might be saying this too early, but it is what it is. It's exclusive here. Okay. And it's a documentary. So we do have to get magic on here. You know, the week that Oh no, No. That's, are they having, are they having a party for the, are are you having a Laundry? Well, last year, last year we did. I took, we did a Magic City popup at South by Southwest. Okay. That was crazy. So people been asking, we doing it, we gonna definitely have Party know that release. Yeah. Release party. Yeah. Release Party Brother. You know, it's not really why we need to be there to cover it. You can't not be there, Bro. You, you, you, you, you go back. So Emini here, me, me bringing up the, the, the studio story was just, I had never seen nothing like that.


And I had been to, you know, I had been to a few studios in my day. And then noontime I thought was just a, an incredible facility of Wow. How all those producers and writers were all in this space. But going to your studio was the first time I seen like a, a compound. That was my intro to what a compound looks like. Where whatever you need to get done, whether it be rehearsal, get in shape, the music. Yeah. You don't have to leave. You don't have to leave. Yeah. The development is all right here. And I feel like that is a, a, a testament and a secret. Not even a really a secret, but just a secret to your success in that you were, you were instrumental in, in the, in the developmental process.


Like you are more of, you're, you're like in a, you're like a genius A and r Right. With all of these tools at your disposal. You can write it, you can produce it, you can wrap it, you can, you got the melodies for it. You got the no, it should be about this. You, you got all of that. And so, and then it's gotta look like this. And then, no, you gotta move like that. Like you're doing all of that and you have the facility to do it in. Yeah. Emini here. It wasn't always like that. I think it, I I, I, I think I, I gathered that stuff that you're talking about from being young and not knowing people. Like I was too young to actually even have to know studio engineers in the first place.


So you don't, you, you got, you gotta do it yourself. Right. You know what, Emini here, like I couldn't have nobody come to my house. I was too young And I had no money. Right. So I couldn't be like, yo, come over here. Help me record this. Or whatever it is. Was just always just like, even like writers, it's like now when we write, I see people calling writers somebody And I might call me like JD who, who you want to write on this song? But even then, I, I ain't know no writers with nobody to write. It was like, you got, I want this song done. I'm gonna do it. I gotta do it. It ain't even that I'm gonna do it. I I gotta do it. 'cause there ain't nobody else around here. Like It was outta necessity. Yeah. But, but it's like, it's almost like a gift and a curse because it's like, I was young.


I was so young, I couldn't, I had no access to people. How Young were you when you started? When I first started writing songs. Yeah. Probably 15. You was making the beats and everything? No, I was actually making the beats in my head. 'cause I didn't have no money to get to the drum machines. Right. So I would, I would, I would make, I would completely like think about how I wanted this music to sound all the way in my head. And then I'd go to the studio And I try to tell somebody to do what I wanted them to do. And they used to be like, boy, you can't do that. We can't take nobody's music and dah, dah, dah. And I'm like, man, like the age I was, if I would've, if they would've listened to me, I probably would've been like the first person that ever sample Got you A full record.


The way I wanted to sample the record when I was 15. They was like, you can't do that. You can't steal people's music. This was, these guys at these other studios was telling me. And I'm like, well I don't Emini here. I'm, I'm not thinking I'm stealing, but I'm just like, this what I want. How do we Use it? How do we, I want the rap Up this you to sound like that. Yeah. And then they was like, well, nah, we'll make, we'll remake some, we'll remake it. They start trying to remake it. That's when I, that's when the producer hunger came. 'cause it's like, I got, I need to learn how to do this so I can do it 'cause Gotcha. They not listening to what I'm saying. It's not going the way I want it. It's cool. But I hear it somewhat the kind of way. And Then what was your, what was your first purchase as a producer?


My first purchase was a, I think it was a 6 26 rolling drum machine. It might have been a 7 0 7. But one of them little, it was like, it wasn't no bigger than this. And it cost two, I think it was $250. And I had to put it on Leadway. What? Yeah. I got nothing. I, you know what Emini here, but I put it on layaway And I, I go cut people's grass around the neighborhood. Gimme like $10, $20 this and the third. And I go back and get that drum machine when I got the drum machine. It ain't have no, it had all these whack rock sounds like it wasn't like stock sounds.


So once again I had to start imagining Hmm. That this gonna be the 8 0 8. This how the snag gonna sound. So I make the beat. But I wasn't thinking that. It didn't sound like those Were the sounds. Yeah. I kept thinking in my mind when we get to the studio, by the way, I didn't even know if this was possible 'cause it, it, the mps and none of this stuff would like Mini and triggering. Right. That type of thing. Right, Right. Yeah. I didn't know it was possible, but I was just saying like, okay, it gotta be a thing between what I got in the studio. Right. So I kept thinking in my mind when we get to the studio, I'm gonna tell the guys, take this kick, keep the pattern, but change that. Kick out and gimme something. Gimme the, the money stuff. The eight oh eights stuff, they don't realize that sounds Yeah.


They don't even have those sounds there either. Gimme the money stuff, Gimme the stuff that, that I, that I want. So that, that hunger just from there just, you know, it just started unraveling. Like me seeing them and me telling them like, oh, okay. And them showing me I could do it. And I'm like, okay, I got it. I just gotta get to the equipment I gotta find, I gotta get to it. And once I got started getting, so I, I, I produced the Silk Times, love the album. And that didn't do great, but it did well enough for me to get $15,000. Right. When I, I took that $15,000. I bought all equipment. And you are How old at this point? 16, 17. 15,000. At At 16.


Man come. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell me nothing. Yeah. You a D boy. This boy shit. Yeah. 15, 16,000 as a teenager. You like, oh I got some, I Got some breed. Oh, I'm good. Yeah. All the way good. And you went and bought all equipment with that bread. All Equipment. All equipment. And where you set Up. I had my room looking like this. All equipment. My bedroom, my bedroom. Like it, That's where the set, that's the setup right there. Yeah. The bedroom. 100%. And did you start having people come through like Yeah. Yeah. Then people start coming through. Like JD got the studio, you know what Emini here? Yeah. Jd. Yeah, JD got a studio that's like, like when, so well they didn't start coming through. Well they were, they was coming through. It was like some local kids that was coming through. Yeah, because I had a four track. I had some turntables.


So you DJing already too? Yeah. Yeah. I've d been DJing. I was DJing since like 13, 14. Like once I went on the Fresh Fest, I learned how to DJ from like Jam Master J, Grandmaster D all of these guys that was out there, they was DJing. They had just show me stuff And I just was like intrigued by the DJing too. So When did you drop out? 'cause you obviously ain't going no damn School. Yeah, I dropped outta, I, I dropped outta school at like 14, 15. So you never really went to high school. You was like, nah, this is, nah this is school for me. Well, nah, I didn't but I knew that. Well, what I'm gonna say, it was like I was going to school, then I went to the Fresh Fest. When I went on the Fresh Fest, I was 12, 13, 14.


Yeah. So when I went on the Fresh Fest at 12, this is pre Atlanta music. Like ain't no music scene in Atlanta Right. When I'm going on tour. Right. So the rules for a kid entertainer, nobody in Atlanta don't know what that is. Right. Like this ain't la. Right. This is like, this is Atlanta. You know. So my mother and them, they don't know what, you know, they don't know what they doing either. My dad, you know, they hear about you can get tutors and this, that and third. So we go to the school board and tell 'em that I'm going on tour And I need a tutor and when I get the tutor, the tutor's gonna take my credits and y'all going, you know, we gonna make it work.


Yeah. And they say yes. But then when I came off tour, they was like, we can't accept those, those credits. Oh we can't accept the grades and stuff that you was doing. And I'm like, whoa, wait a minute. So You was actually doing The work? Yeah, I'm like, I've been doing all this work on tour and now y'all telling me you can't accept it and that's the day I said, oh no, I'm good. My parents was basically dis they was disjointed in the whole decision. My mother wasn't with me doing nothing. Like she was trying to make sure I was going to school. Yeah. Me going on tour. I don't, she didn't know like, who this was all new about. This was all new. Who was your Guardian when you were going on tour? Well, my dad was a, was the, was like the production manager for the tour.


Gotcha. Oh, So he was out with y'all. Yeah, my dad was out there. So that was, that's that, that's how my mother went on and rationalized Yeah. Went along with it. Yeah. But my dad was actually also working. Right. He's also, he was out there working as a, you know, as a production manager. So he had time. So move around. So I was out there by myself. Oh my God. Yeah. Yeah. So would you, would you say then that in a sense Pops was the first identifier then of like, he got something different With my dad? Yeah. Yeah. My dad was my manager. My dad was my manager for basically my whole teenage, you know, for a long time my dad was my manager. And I, but once again, that's, that's also like me not knowing nobody.


I know my dad. I don't know nobody else. Right. Yeah. I know my dad. This what you want to do. I think this is what you want to do. I don't even know if this is what you wanna do, but I'm gonna put you in it. I'm gonna put you in it. You know what, Emini here. So I saw my dad always as a, as a manager type of figure. Yeah. And when I created Crisscross, I called him and told him like, I got this group, you gonna be their manager. And that became our rollout. Man. I, I can't wait for Deuce to call me and say he found crisscross When I Created. I can't wait for my son to be like, dad, I got it When I created crisscross At what? 17? What do you know? 17.


Because somehow at 17. Yeah. I know what the people need. I know what they want. I know what's gonna shake this shit up at 17. That's crazy. That's crazy. It speaks more to what I'm talking about. So do you, do you go the regular route of, let me just go try to get them a record deal. Do you say, let me try to go get me some kind of production label deal? Or do you just, I don't know nothing. You don't Know nothing. I don't Know nothing. You Just like, I just wanna get Them time. I just wanna make a, I'm, I seen these kids at the mall And I saw people reacting to them And I'm like, who the fuck are y'all?


Who are y'all? Why, why, why do girls at the cookie company give y'all free cookies? And they ain't giving me shit. Right. Like, what's going on right now? I thought I had walked into like Nickelodeon or so Because You're not that much older than them. Yeah. Nah, I'm not that much older than them. I that, you know, they was 11, 12. Yeah. I'm 17. So I met, we all at Greenbriar and I'm like, what's, what's, what the fuck is happening? That's the Hood Mall too, huh? People that don't know That's the Hood Mall too. That's not Like they at they So so to get that kind reaction Yeah. To get that reaction at the Hood Mall. Oh yeah. No, US in the bay that's east, my mall. Yeah. They don't exist no more. Yeah. You know, we ain't been shot up too many times. Yeah. So if you get a crack in there, 100% The World gonna look. That's what I'm saying. So, so I'm watching Little, well they ain't even little girls.


These girls, they got jobs. So they working, they are 17, at least 18 years old. Yeah. They react, they look, they looking at these guys like they are superstars already. Wow. And they treating them like that. And they, they playing with it too. They running over there talking to the girl Run back. Yeah. Yeah. They doing all this. And I'm standing there in the middle of the mall watching this like, and I'm like, don't nobody, y'all see this, what's going on? So then I, I'm like, who the fuck are y'all? And he is like, what you mean, who are we? And I'm like, okay, cool. Y'all ain't no stars or nothing. It is like, nah. I said, y'all rap and dark-skinned. Chris was like rap like he said.


And it's crazy because this is a time period where young niggas didn't want to rap. Rap, rap was like, for young people, that wasn't a thing. Not that age. Like 11 and 12. They wasn't thinking about raping. So when I say you rap, they looked at me like rap. What nigga niggas don't do that. Like, that's how they, that was their reaction. And I'm sitting there having this conversation with them in the middle of the mall and my mind just start going, jd, if you could write these little boys a song, they outta here. If you could figure it out. They outta here. Get it together. They outta here. Yeah. Yeah. They already got it. You get it together. My mind doing all that in the mall.


I'm trying to figure it out. Right there in the middle of the mall. By this time you already got your studio, you got everything. No, no, no, no, no. Like, that's what I'm saying. I had to soup times leather. Soup times leather. They gave me the, the ability to get the equipment. Yeah. But that's what I'm saying. You got, you got that set up though now. Yeah. But it's still in my room. Right, right. It's in my bedroom. And I just, like I said, I got they number. I still ain't never Emini here. It never made no record though. Right. I think the thing that got me that conversation was that in Jet Magazine, I think they did an article on female rappers and they listed silk times love them. And they showed a picture of them and dark-skinned Chris mom noticed the girl from the Jet magazine.


So she made them realize, oh he really, this is legit. It's legit. Yeah. Because they was on some, who the fuck is this nigga trying to talk to us? Right. Yeah. So she made it where like, y'all should probably may wanna listen to him. I seen him in the book. So thank God to her. 'cause they weren't trying to hear me. Right. And for the longest, for like two weeks, I couldn't get, I'm like, y'all gotta come over my house. And they was like, go over your house. You know what Emini here? They thought I was like a predator or something like Yeah. Because they had never been approached like that. Like, And I, that's what I'm saying. And it's crazy because I'm telling them, come to my house. That's where the music was at. Yeah. Yeah. So you gotta imagine 11, 11, 12-year-old kid and somebody old telling you, you gotta come to their house.


They like, nah, these little ghetto kids too. They like, fuck that. Yeah. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, we ain't doing that. So I had to break the ice with them, but, and go, I start, so I start doing stuff like, I'm gonna pick y'all up from school on Friday, whatever, whatever. We gonna go hang out, blah, blah blah. So I started doing stuff with them and start hanging out with them And I start playing music in the car like Ice Cube or whatever was out. And they singing the lyrics like they wrote it right. They know every word. They ain't never seen no lyrics or nothing. And that's when I started saying, man, if I could learn how to write songs good enough that they like it, this could work.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Fluffery family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th, only on Stars. And The Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most. And provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks. And nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say Do Wells Fargo bank, na member FDIC.


So really what you were doing was turning the consumer into the artist. 'cause they were really, like you said they were consumers. Yeah. So now and you know that they're your target audience. Yeah. For so If they like It Yeah. 1% the kids around The World are like it. Yeah. If they like it. One. And, and that, and it's crazy because what I always hear people, when Jay-Z told people that he didn't write his raps Right. And people's like, people find that so crazy. Right. Even me, I did at first, but I never realized I was already doing it with crisscross before. 'cause that's what I wanted them to do. I wanted them to like memorize these words and stuff without seeing the paper.


And like, you just feeling the song. Yeah. This gonna be y'all song. You like it? Hell yeah. Like, you know what Emini here, like I needed that energy. So it's, it's, it it it was a crazy process that, that I learned about these kids. But it definitely that I had to get, I had to get sharper. I had to get better, get sharp because I was writing songs fast. Yeah. I was writing songs at first and they was just like, you know, they, they was going do 'em. But, but, but I didn't get that energy yet. Right. And I had a song, I the first song because I had left, I was living in my closet right at my house. You put your, Your what? So, so, okay, so listen, lemme back catch Can't just casual say, alright, I gotta go back.


I gotta go back. All right. So listen. So Ian Burke, Shout out to Ian Burke. Shout Out to Ian Burke. Ian Burke was around this whole period. Right. Ian Burke's the only guy I actually know that I felt like was moving around Atlanta. I could trust him. He come talk to me, blah, blah, blah. Me and Ian got cool in this time period. He started finding artists and he found this girl from Philly, a female rapper. And he's like, jd, I got this female rapper. I'm gonna bring it to your house now. He was coming, these people start coming to my house. Like it was the studio. It's my mother's house. So he brought shout out to Moms. Yeah. Shout out to mom. He brought left eye to my house. I heard her rap. I said, okay, cool.


But she ain't have no place to stay. You know what Emini here, she was fresh off from Philly and my room was just 24 7. It was just 24 7. It wasn't no sleeping. I'm like, you just kicking here. So for like a week, she basically was staying in my closet, the house. 'cause I, my mother, I didn't want my mother to know what was going on in there. There wasn't nothing put music going on. But still my mother would've been like, why that girl, girl, you staying over here. Right. You know what, Emini here. So, but she stayed and in the midst of her staying, I thought I had found it. I was like, oh shit, I'm gonna sample. The girl is mine. Michael Jackson, Paul McCartney, And I'm gonna write some raps about Chris and Chris fighting over left eye.


Hmm. Okay. Hmm. And I see, I see the vision. Yeah, I see it. I see it. Yeah. But left eye wasn't left eye yet. She wasn't even in TLC. So she just was a girl. Yeah. That could rap. This was the vibe I was on. I'm like, this gonna go. And that song just wasn't, it didn't come out. It didn't come out. I had to keep going, keep going. That ain't it. That ain't it. I had an idea, but that wasn't it. I ain't know how to make that shit at. That's, I guess whatever. But it didn't Work. Are you self-auditing at this point? Or So are you, are you got some, some, some trusted ears where you're playing stuff for 'em? Like what you think and No, this man just you Yeah. You're self auditing. Yeah. I go off of the light in your eyes.


If you, if I play you something and you don't and you don't Yeah, you don't do that. I automatically do like this. Oh shit. Okay. That start over. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't need a bunch of people tell me. I could tell when it's, when it's dead, when it's not. Yeah. You give me, everybody give you that without even knowing it. They give it to you. You know what I'm saying? I could play something right now. Somebody come from back there and come in here. I'm like, oh, what that we got? So Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Oh shit. Yeah. Oh shit. We need to pay attention to that. And I won't even say nothing. I won't even tell people that I saw that. I'll just go off of that vibe. That's where I'm going. That's the energy I start following.


Okay. So how long does it take you to get to the hit? How long does it take you to get that? Or Even just the records that make sense to It Don't even, it, it is crazy. 'cause you don't, I don't, I don't have a time. No, I'm talking about oh, for Cris. I'm talking about for crisscross because now You Oh, okay. Yeah. So so two years. Oh shit. Yeah. I was 17 when I found Criss Kross. Okay. They ain't come out till I was 19. Hmm. Artist development. Yeah. And producer development artist development producer, development writers development. We all had to learn. We was learning. We was learning. And yeah, once we got, we started getting close.


Chris came to the house and he had on this Jabo jumper and it was so big. And I was just like, man, you should flip that shit around. And he was like, for what? And I'm like, I don't know, just flip it around. Let's just see what it looked like. He flipped the jabo jump around. I'm like, that shit cold, huh? And they was looking at me like, no. I'm like, I said, listen, let's go to Lenon Square with that, with your jump on backwards. He is like, why? I said, let's go to Lennox. We went to Lennox. He walking through the mall. He the only person with it on, he, he's walking through the mall with a jabo jumper backwards. And the mall stopped.


And I was like, what the fuck just happened? Like, people was like, what the f Where where you get that from? Why, why your clothes? Like what is this? They don't even know this kid. Yeah, it is. People just coming up to him like, where did you get this outfit from? And I'm like, what? It can't be this easy. It can't be this easy. Yeah. It's your regular jumper. I'm always the one to tell people like, you can't be that stupid. It's just, he gotta jump on backwards. But I'm just like, I'm watching it And I'm like, this can't be, this is crazy. Yeah. That's Wild. And I'm like, we gonna have to do this gonna be y'all thing. Y'all gonna wear y'all clothes backwards. And that's what, that's what.


Then from there I wrote Jump in 25 minutes Probably. Did you produce it to Yeah, of course he did. Of course he did. So you don't have Soso death at this point? Yeah. Oh no. I don't have so-so death at this point. You don at this point you don't soso death. I don't have So-so death y y'all, you take The record to Rough House, Chris. That's Rough record. Chris is on Rough House. The next crisscross blows up the record. Go number one. Yeah. Then my birthday came around And I had a little birthday party at my house. Ian came to my house and he brought these girls another, some more girls. The girls he brought to my house was Escape. Right. He had them sing Happy Birthday to me after they sang. I'm like, I fuck with y'all.


I'm gonna sign y'all to my label. I don't have no label. I just said it. I said, I'm gonna sign y'all my label. They feel like, for real? I'm like, yeah, I'm gonna sign y'all to my label. I don't got no label. I had no conversation. You got a hot 100, your 100? Yeah. I got a hot one. Like, I'm gonna be able to do Everyth. You can hustle. Yeah. Yeah. I, I said I'm gonna do it. And then like, after I said that, I think two weeks later, Sony was like, you know, we want to get you a production deal. If you can bring out some more artists, can you bring more artists? And I'm like, yeah, I got this group already. I I'm about, I'm about to sign them. My happy birthday, bro. Happy birthday. Because I've called them immediately. Like, yo, I'm definitely gonna sign y'all. And then I gotta Ask though, where's left eye?


Oh. So, so if you, if y'all watched the, the TLC movie, they had a meeting with Pebbles and left. I called somebody in, in, in in VH one. But they cut me out when she makes that phone call. Yeah. She called me. When she called me, she said, they wanna sign us, what you want to do? And I was like, damn. And I was so into crisscross that I was like, you know what, if they sign, y'all just let me produce some songs on the album. Yeah. Y'all go ahead. And I just let 'em go. So they were actually signed to You? Oh no. TLC was my group before they went to LaFace.


I Did Not know because once Emini here Ian, so we jumping all over the place, but Ian, Ian found TBOs and then he put TBOs and Left Eye together. Then they start coming to my house and we start making, I start making demos for them. And it was the first r and b music that I ever tried to write was for TLC. I never wrote RB song ever. I tried it with TBOs. Yeah. And so I, I heard this other thing. It's, it is a rumor that you did the choreography for a, B, C before Crisscross. I might have. I might have. I might. That's Even crazy. I might have. I I might have, I I can't take full credit, but I was around.


I definitely was around. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. The, the word I got, I was around, I don't remember it to be that, but I was definitely around Because the dude. So, because ultimately, you know y yeah. That, that was part of the song. You know what I'm saying? With, with A, B, C and BBD and you know what I'm saying, of Emini here, not a bbc. Not BBD I'm sorry. With, with A, B, C and Crisscross. They had, they, it was like a little kitty beef. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And the fact that you would have worked with A, B, C as well. Nah, they all, we them, they from College Park, we all them lot little homies. The only reason I dis crisscross Emini here, the only reason I dissed a, b, C on that song was that I was trying to establish crisscross as rappers.


And I was like, I don't, I want y'all to let people know that y'all rappers this, they, what they doing? They singing. We rappers. Okay, we rappers, we might be young, but we rappers. And I just kept thinking like, like I said, all I'm listening to is Ice Cube, nwa, They dissing everything. No. Yeah. Yeah. Matter of fact, no. Vaseline just came out And I Yeah. You know, so Ice Cube going crazy. Yeah. And I'm thinking like in rap, just the only way you get a people's attention. Yeah. This is the only way you really get people's attention and jump actually became such a big song. People don't even pay attention to the fact that it's a dis Record.


It is a dis record. Alright, so let's get back to Escape. Okay. Let's get back to escape. Let's back to escape. Let's, so now you got a deal. Yeah. Now I got a deal and an r And b group and an RB Group. An RB group, which I never did before. It Was just purely 'cause you just Like, I I fuck with him. No, it was purely because I had thought about this once Criss Kross blew up that I didn't wanna be pigeonholed in rap. Hmm. And I didn't think I was the greatest rap producer. Okay. I didn't know what type of producer I thought I was. But I'm saying I didn't think that I could come right back with a successful rap record. You Self auditing is Crazy Master. Yeah. I told you, I'm telling you that master auditing is a thing that is, that's the key.


Yeah. Because Most people don't know what they're good or bad at and, and won't be honest with themselves to say, you know what, I'm probably not as good doing that. Yeah. Emini here and I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm thinking I'm on The clock at this point too. So you gotta start thinking when you on The clock, okay, you got crisscross day number one, you know this record, you know it's going pass. Yeah. And then once it passed the hype of who you are, what's going on that's going pass. Right. So I'm just like, no. And then I'm like, let me, I don't want my label to be a rap label. I want my label to be all things. Right. So I'm just like, shit, I'm, I'm gonna do a RB group. Columbia didn't expect me to say I'm coming on.


No, they think you going, they like what a r and b group. I'm like, yeah. And they like, what RB have you done? No. So we just gave this nigga a deal. Here goes The kid now go do some shit. This kid Go do some shit he never did before. He Canuck no one else. I already know what that means was like too much. So you gave the kid how much money he doing what with Yeah, Frank. So yeah. Emini here, you know, I went in the studio at X Escape Emini here, by the way, every this start, things are starting to happen. So I don't wanna make people think that. So an important piece of that puzzle was that this writer name Emanuel Seal Was Looking for a home.


Right. And I got a call that he was looking for a home. Yeah. And I, you know, once I had my label, people knew, okay, JD got a label deal. So once you say you got a label, you start attracting things. Absolutely. And I didn't know what Emanuel Seal was. I didn't know, I didn't know what was gonna happen. But I needed somebody to play for me. I knew that I needed that. 'cause we can, I'm, I'm signing an RB group. I'm, I can't sample my life away like this. Yeah. Right. So Manuel comes into my life and matter of fact, I go meet him at like the hotel. And when I walk in the hotel, he's playing the piano that's in the hotel killing.


That shit sound like a concert. And I'm like, what the fuck? Who is this? And he's like, yeah, I'm the guy that's supposed to meet with you. I'm like, oh shit, let's go. Yeah. Right. I take him back to my house in college Park, me and him talk. I tell him what I wanna do And I start working on Escape album. Is He from Atlanta too? Or he? No, he from, he from I Illinois. Man, your seal is special. That brother is special. 100%. And y'all marriage, y'all man, the records that y'all have done together, it's top tier. Emanuel Manuel is, Manuel is a, when I met Manuel, he, he could do anything.


That's what, that's what fucked me up is that anything I told him to play, he could play it or he'd play something that I didn't expect him to play it, whatever it was. He just was like, he's probably one of the most musical guys I done met ever. So when we started working on the Escape album, I did a whole album in two weeks. The humming coming at you Album? Yeah. Two weeks. Two weeks. At this point Just say, are you establishing, because JD has a sound. I, I I know JD drums anywhere. I know when I hear. Okay.


At that point, making the Escape album, is that when you establish those drum sounds? I don't know. I don't know. I don't know if that album sounds like what you think JD sound like. Just kicking it. Yeah, it sounds like it, it sounds like that. Yep. I don't know. I don't, I really don't know. I know that I got my drummer shoot now Emini here. I'm making, I'm trying to make beats, but I don I don't know by the way I'm going into this. I don't know what's going to happen. Got you. So you're not, it's not a conscious thing. You just making the music. Yeah, but I'm writing the songs. I don't Emini here. You know what Emini here, like I'm, I'm, I'm really, really trying to get this group out.


Right. And I'm really like, I don't have, the label ain't told me nothing. I'm just on this clock of myself and I'm like, man, let's go. I gotta go. And, and, and nothing about me thinking about writing the songs even popped in my head that I couldn't. I just started writing and Emanuel plays something and I'm like, nah, I want it to go like this. And I was trying to make it so close to rap. That's why it's just kicking It sound like it sound. Yeah. And that's why it's called just Kicking it. 'cause I'm writing it like it's rap. Right. And I'm just, and I'm starting to think about like I'm, and I'm starting to fuck with girls too, right.


So I'm fucking with girls. So I got a little, little education to how niggas fuck with girls. So my first mindset was Air Man want a woman, they could cook 'em up a good meal. Yeah. You know what Emini here I'm thinking like, what, what a nigga want from a girl. Not what a girl want from. So, so I wrote it from that perspective and people was like, she talking from the man perspective. And I'm like, yeah, that's, that's how I wrote it. Right. And that's Why I connected the way. Yeah. That's Why. But I, I, I, I thought, you know, I didn't think that was gonna work at all. I'm writing all song and didn't think the escape was gonna work. Not, not big. 'cause I'm writing the songs and I know that I don't have no, I don't have no chops in the r and b. Right. You know what Emini here, I'm just praying, praying it up.


But are you seeing the sparkle in people's eye? No. No. Not at all. Escape was tough, man. It was a hard group because, you know, people didn't think they was cute. Biggie had made dreams of fucking a RB bitch And I fucked RuPaul before I fucked them. Ugly escape bitches. That that was, that was hard. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm out here dealing with this. Right. So I took a stand that was like, okay, y'all niggas think they ugly cool. Find me. Somebody can sing better than them. Right. I start acting like just going off of they talent, pure talent. But yeah, it was hard. It wasn't, we, you know, in Vogue was out at the time. Right. So Escape coming out when in Vogue is out, these little girls, they look like hood bitches.


And they don't that that, that ain't flying and escape is young. Right. It's another thing. Escape is a young group. I'm making RB music and r and b radio told Columbia that the music sounded too young. So I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm I'm almost in a space where it's like where I want the record to be. They're not even playing it because I, yeah. I'm, I'm thinking of what those records sound like in relation to the other r and b at that time. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It was, it was Real grown. Wasn't Yeah. Niggas wasn't singing just kicking it. Yeah. Nah. So adult radio, what they call adult radio now Yeah.


Is where I wanted Escape to lead. They, I couldn't get them to live there for nothing. They kept telling, they told the PDs the ready, you the record, the radio guys, these songs sound too young. They don't sound like I our stationed. So that's why I say like, all that young shit, I'm the person who brought this to the music, to modern day music. And what broke That conversation for them? For H Escape. Yeah. It never, I, I had, I had to keep, I had to start dressing them And I had to start trying to like, I think the second album, I wasn't trying anything. I, I went to Don Warren got a song and let her write the song.


'cause I was just trying to figure, I'm like, this group has to be. But you had success on the first album though? No, no. We had success about Yeah, but I'm just saying as a RB group, I knew where they had to be. It is a home for them. Their home. You can't be a RB group chasing hip hop. Okay. And I was just like determined to try to get these girls and I'm like, man, these girls can sing their ass up. They sing acapella. It's the best thing in The World. They sing the national anthem. It's the best thing in The World. Why y'all treating them like Yeah. And I'm not knowing that I'm basically doing something from a younger perspective that ain't been done. That's crazy. I I would've never thought that. Yeah. From, from 'cause from obviously from from the outside looking in.


Yeah. At that looks like it's all working. What year is that? 93, 94. Somewhere around There. Yeah. 94. Yeah. So I'm like fresh looks like it's all working, going from middle school to high school. This feels like every young girl that I know. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Nah, they want, you get What I'm saying? Yeah. Like that's why you're creating the music for my life at this point. Flat out I'm in the bay crisscross now escape all this and this and they're all around my same age. I'm might be a little younger, you know what Emini here, but I'm like, this is, I see me. This is, this is my reality right here. Escape looks like my neighbors. Those look like my girls. Yeah. The girl that I, in the Vanger homes in Philmore, she look just like her.


So for me, I, I don't, I don't see the difference in what the obviously what the labels and what the, the radio is saying that the kids would want trying To manage it. Nah, they don't. They not even, they not, they're not even focusing on kids. Yeah. They focusing on 25 and up, I think. Right, right. Or maybe 35 and up on radio. Yeah. They, they, that's what they're they're they paying attention to that. And 35 and up radio stations weren't fucking what they state. Right. That makes sense. That makes perfect sense though.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you're seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson, the highly anticipated news season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label and making major moves in hip hop culture. Even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar's back? You already know. That means trouble. The rest of the Flury family is also feeling the pressure. Charles and Lucille are facing the consequences of Meech and Terry's actions. And Nicole is caught in the middle dealing with her own growing pains. This season brings more drama, more heat, and more star power. Get ready for guest stars like Kofi Rebo, Skye Jackson, Tyler Lepley, Clifton Powell, Rockman Dunbar, sweetie Miles, Truitt and more. The cast is stacked in the storylines next level. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. And this season the stakes are higher than ever. Believe me, this is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the explosive season premiere June 6th only on Stars. And The Stars App.


Support for Eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belonged to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, you can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank na.


And the Wells Fargo Foundation. So, okay, so now you got two. You got two And then you get the brat. The brat comes Criss Kross got a show in Chicago. Ed Lover and Dr. Drake from MTV Raps. MTVs. Yeah. They was on the tour as like the, the MCs, this mc and Kris Kross concert. And in between Chris and Kris CU on stage, they bring all these artists. They let people come on stage and do something. And they brought Brad on stage and she rap in Chicago, light-skinned. Chris called me right after that. He was like, yo man, this girl out here, she cold. And I'm like, female rappers, they suck.


Mm. Like I'm not The first thing you said, yeah, female rappers suck. Ain't nobody listening to that shit. I got off the phone, he's like, nah man, you gotta listen to it. She cold. And I'm like, we don't even li I'm telling him we don't listen to no female rappers. Like who getting ready to listen to female rap. I thought it was the worst idea in The World. I never was like courting brat, trying to get her to come to Atlanta. She start pushing her own buttons. Right. So she came to Atlanta, she called my phone and she was like, I'm here. I didn't know she was coming, but she came. She was like, I'm here. So I'm like, you know, I'm, And I'm, I'm trying, I'm trying not to be completely on new, fuck that shit.


I'm just going to listen with her ear. Right? Yeah. So I go pick her up, or I go to the hotel, pick her up, And I gotta stop and get gas. 'cause I live on the south side. So when I stop and get gas, I go in there to pay the gas. She put the CD in the car And I get back in the car, I turn the car on and the shit come on. I'm like, who the fuck is this? Who touched my radio? And I'm like, who is that rapping? She's like, that's me. And I'm like, oh, wait a minute. Wait. You had, She came to Atlanta. You don't even, you hadn't heard nothing yet. Never. You just going off of Chris Yeah. Telling you that she was Good. Yeah. I never heard a rap.


And she was so like, nigga, yeah. Persistent. You, you going check me out. I'm like, okay, cool. I was taking her to go back to my house to do like a little audition, I guess. Basically to not, she, she put the CD in. So soon as I hit the, that shit came on. I'm like, who is this rapping? She's like, that's me. And I'm like, oh, maybe this, maybe this might work. It went from hell no to maybe, Yeah. I'm like, maybe this might work. And Brat to this day was the hardest project I ever did in my life though. Really? Yeah. Because I, I, I never had it. I couldn't, I made, I made two, three songs a day And I never could.


They were, they never was right for me. So you Sign her, but you can't figure it Out. Yeah. I can't figure it out. So how do you land on Funct? Five? I don't know, two years. We Emini here. It took two years for me to get Funct five out. Like literally we make song after song every day. Song every day, every day. Matter of fact, I think during the Escape video, I pulled up in my truck trying to play a demo of a song that I did with Brat. And I ain't tell nobody. I just tried to pull up to the video playing some loud music scene. And ain't nobody giving me nothing. Ain't nobody coming from behind the back room.


Ain't nobody giving me shit. Yeah. And I'm like, oh man, this ain't gonna work. I knew I shouldn't fuck with no fucking female rappers. That's how I'm feeling. Yeah. And then one day, me and Manuel in the studio, we playing around with the, the, between the sheets And I start rapping. Right. I started rapping and then she jumped in rapping behind me. We freestyling like, oh. I'm like, nah, I ain't thinking about it. I'm not about to, I'm not making no record. That's what I'm saying. I'm like, I'm not being a rapper. I'm not doing this. And she's like, yo, we should make a song like that. You should rap.


And I'm like, no, I'm not fucking rapping. I don't wanna, I want y'all put y'all out. She's like, nah, let's do it like this. So then I'm like, okay. I start thinking about it and then I start writing the verse, like, open up the doors, open up the doors, let the funk flow in. You know what, Emini here. And I start writing my part, writing her part. And then I'm like, this is how it's gonna go. Then we gonna do it like this. We do that song. I'm thinking This's just for the car at this point. Yeah. Like, we ain't putting this out. I put, we do that song, we get that going, nigga start coming in the room. What the fuck is that? Hmm? What is that? Yeah, I play the song a little louder. Everybody like, Hey man, yeah, jd, you gonna rap?


And I'm like, oh fuck. I don't want to be no rapper right now. Not yet. Yeah. Alright. But it just, it forged me to do that. And that's, that's how the song came. And then I wanna say somewhere in there, they asked me to do Usher In the middle of you doing Brat. Well, Emini here, I think in between, you know, in between these projects with Crisscross Escape Brat somewhere. Yeah. Somewhere in there. It might have been at the end of the Funify, whatever it was. I'm not really knowing the dates. But in between there, that's when they asked me, you know, would you work on this Usher project? And Did you know him already? Yeah. He came to Crisscross concert and he wanted me to sign him.


And I said no. Hmm. Well that answers the question. 'cause I was gonna ask, I was gonna Ask you. I'm serious. I had this in my head. I was gonna ask you, were there any artists that you had passed up on that became huge? Yeah. Usher. Usher. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And why did you say no? Because I was having conflict with Chris and Chris' parents. And I just was like, I'm not dealing with no more kids. Yeah. I'm not fucking with no more kids. 'cause y'all parents don't, they ain't they not, they wasn't at the room with us. They didn't watch me talk to y'all. They ain't watch us talk. But now they, they end they to get in here. I gotta deal with him. Yeah. Yeah. So I was just like, and it was like, when I met him, it was right at the, the height of that.


Right. And we had a meeting where the parents had gotten into the Chris parents. They had gotten in an argument at the lawyer's office and it was just like, ah, this ain't what I signed up for. Gotcha. Right. So, and when Usher came, he was a teenager once again. And I was just like, nah, because AJ brought him. But I'm like, it's a mom somewhere. Oh, it's a mom, It's a mom Somewhere. Oh, there's a mom, It's a mom somewhere. And I just was like, you know, I, I ain't had the capacity to Yeah. Do She don't play. There's a mom. Yeah. Yeah. But even understanding that though, I think, 'cause that's, in this business we see talent and sometimes we just jump at it even when we, we don't have the bandwidth. Yeah.


Like I said, even even with TLC, that's why I let TLC go. I didn't have the bandwidth. I, I didn't have a label. Right, Right. But that's what I'm saying. At that point, you don't got no label. Yeah. I don't have no label when I'm talking to TLC, I'm sorry, I'm trying to get crisscross signed and you know, today I could do both. But back then I ain't had a bandwidth. I just was like, I was giving crisscross all of this energy And I was kind of like giving ti and left eye like some little, little energy, but they weren't getting the full play. Right, right. So I just was like, you know, I started thinking as a producer, like, y'all make the album. Let me just do some songs on the album. Yeah. I'll get some producer credits. What do you think prompts the call to do?


Usher? What, what, what nuance that you've created or what, what piece of music that you've done? Well, they came, they came, they came and they asked me to do a remix of Think of You. So all, you know what I'm all the, I think of you Song LA was like, his voice is changing. We need, but we need to make this song. I wanna put a bridge in the song so people can start hearing his voice. And I ain't know where the bridge was. Emini here. I think I thought I knew what a bridge was, whatever. But I'm like, okay, cool. This Nigga I hit records out.


He like, I ain't know what that was. And he gonna figure it out though. No, I know. Bring him cinema. Yeah. Put I did. I did. I told, I told him, come over, I did a remix and then I put the bridge in, think of You. And they got that back. And Usher was like, man, because I also, I made Usher come to my studio and resing his part. Right. That was a thing about remixes that I was like, you can re, if you going to do a remix, come sing it over. Re let's really make it remix. So he came and he sung that bridge part And I wrote the bridge And I sung the bridge to him and he translated my terrible notes into what he, what it was supposed to be.


Can we get An example That fucked out here? And he translated it into what it was supposed to be. And then it was just like Brian Reed shout out to Brian Reed, LA's brother. He was the a and r at the time. He's like, man, we love this. We love this. Could you, you think you could go in the studio with him? And I'm like, I guess, you know, but they was like, you know what? But we don't wanna rush you. We want you to do what you did with Crisscross. We want you to take him, take him in, dress him, make him your artist. Hmm. That's what they, you know, and that's what I did. I took, I took Usher in, I started talking to him.


I started training him, I started doing everything that I thought he needed to become who he is today. Wow. Wow. So, so when you making these records, but what is, what is Columbia saying though? Because that's not, that's who your partner is. Yeah. Yeah. So Sony Columbia is your partner. Are they like, are they like, at some point they're like, wait, that's not your, that's not a artist, that scientist. So, so Well They don't see it happening. They don't see it till it happen. Gotcha. I'm sure they would not have been happy. Yeah. They wouldn't, probably wouldn't have been happy. They would've been high. Yeah. They probably, but Emini here I was, I'm bringing groups. But you still, I'm bringing groups Emini here. I'm delivering Escape album. I'm delivering Brat second album.


I'm giving them, I'm giving them product that they, you know, it's not like I'm not doing the work. Yeah. So yeah, that, that, yes, I get into the Usher record. I don't know anything about male RB as far as writing songs and making it, I don't know nothing. I just know what I've heard, but I don't know nothing. And I'm just like, alright, we gonna try this. I don't know how this gonna work out, but we gonna try it. You know? And it's crazy 'cause I wrote Nice and Slow The night before I was doing this test photo shoot for Usher.


So I was gonna do a test photo shoot where I went to the, like one of them good hardware, good stores, the like sporting Good stores like Dick's maybe, right? Yeah. Pause. And I went in there And I got all these shoulder pads and shit. And I'm buying shit like Dress Usher, like just all kind of, I'm just trying anything. So we do a photo shoot the day that we do the photo shoot, the day before that I wrote Nice and Slow And I'm like, this the single, I'm telling you. Did you have the track or any of that stuff? Like Yeah, we, yeah, we, no, we did it. We did the song. I, we did the song because I got, I got Usher at my house. So we recording, we trying to make, we making my way.


And like I said, I did nice and slow. We go into the photo shoot. I tell LA at the photo shoot, I like this the single. He was like, nah, that ain't the single. I'm like, this the single man, this shit, this is it. Like this shit jamming like, what are you talking about? Yeah. He's like, yeah, it's all right. I drop my head, go back. My God damn. It's all right. And By the way, they only paid me to do, they paid me to do four, four songs. I think four to five songs. So I don't have you make me one yet. I feel like I finished the project without, you Make Me Wanna, I go up to LA's office, I play Nice and Slow.


I think I play my way one day you'll be mine and just like me these songs and I'm like, this it, yeah, let's go. You put the rest, put do whatever you wanna do with it. I'm good. And he sat there and he listened to them four songs. And he ain't gimme nothing like nothing. Just like, you think this is it? And I'm like, Fuck. Alright. I'm Go home. I go back to my house, I'm Go home, I'm gonna go home. I left his office, I went home. I said, man, we gotta do something better than this shit.


We gotta make something. I got Idea. I start making Beat. He start playing little guitar Riff. I'm like, Ooh yeah. Dink Thinkink, thinkink Thinkink. Boom, boom. He playing the actual guitar. Think, think he playing it to the beat. I'm like, oh yeah, this sound like it right here. This we, this going to be it. And I start writing a song. You make me wonder. Yeah. You wrote, you make me wonder. Yeah. A hundred percent Nice and slow. A hundred percent. This point. The Situation's Outta Control. Outta Control. I never been to this man right here is outta control. You nigga.


Yeah, but Emini here, you make me Wonder was like a rap song to me. That's, but I, because that's what I started thinking. I started thinking that. I was like, JD you a rapper. You trying to just, 'cause you did an escape nigga, you ain't no RB nigga. Yeah. You better get back to that rap shit and do some rap shit. So then I start writing it like a rap. You make me want to lead the one I'm with New relationship with you. This is what we do. Think about it ringing all the things that come along with it. You make me, you make me, I'm writing it like a rap song. The same thing with Nice. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Mc, hurricane Understand. Yeah. Yeah. Hurricane. That's, that's Who he is. That's who I'm alright. Alright. Mc h Alright.


You know, you know, you know, you know all the code for that. Right. Man. Same thing with Nice and Slow. I Right. I stopped. That's why I thought Nice and Slow was a goal because I put so much rap into it. Yeah. Seven o'clock on the dock, I'm on the drop top Cruising the Streets. That's a rap song. Absolutely. Absolutely right. And I'm thinking like, I got this little niggas talking. He keep throwing some rap shit. Shit. And the Pope Pimp shit had came out around that same time. So I'm like, we gonna take the little Pope Pimp shit. And we gonna spell your name. U-S-H-E-R-I-A-O-M-D. I'm trying to do what them niggas was doing. Pope Pimp, just to add a little bit of that. I thought that was the one.


It was the one, Yeah, it was the one Emini here. It was actually first number one had it Just had a one, two had the weight. Yeah. Yeah. It was a hell of a one two. It was, it was his first number one hot one Making one wasn't number one. Not Hot 100. How high did that get up? Oh, It went number one r and b. But it, I don't know what it did on the hot 100, but far as his first hot 100 record was nice and slow. And this is your first time writing for a male RB artist. Yeah. Nigga, you The cheat code. Fucking Cheat code, Bro. I don't know if I'm the cheat code Nigga's on full Bob Dylan. This nigga's on full. Bob Dylan out here. Niggas a master auditor. This is nigga. That's, that's Crazy.


'cause these are all firsts for you. Yeah. It wasn't like you, like, were bumping your head on other projects that maybe did this or that. No, no, no, no, no, no. First RB singer, they send to you. You give them a number one hot hundred, hot 100 number one. Yeah. Come on bro. Yeah. That's, that's not normal. Huh? That's not normal. That's not normal. I don't know, man. I don I don't know. I don't, I don't, I'm, I'm not even paying attention to if it's normal or not. Like I said, I'm just trying to, I'm just trying. I don't even know what I'm doing. I, I honestly didn't know what I was doing with, with my Way album. I just was trying whatever. And that album ends up selling how much? I think 5 million.


Oh, he was him. Damn. He was him. Yeah. That's when you start buying the Bentleys and shit. That's When you, that's when you, nah, you jumped out, you jumped off the porch. I it started getting close. It started getting close. And then Have you bought South Side yet? No. Hell, you bought the studio yet? Yeah. This all nineties. Okay. I, I'm writing so much though. I'm writing so many songs and I'm, I, where I'm writing songs where I do like, I'm gonna write a song for somebody Escape or whoever I'm working with. And then after I finish writing that song, I'm making dumb demos for me to just ride around to and listen to. Right.


So I'm not even, but, and these dumb demos, these are not songs that I'm thinking gonna come out. I'm just doing it. 'cause I feel like I'm song. Right. So I'm in my, you know, I'm in there. I'm taking other people. I'm even making full beats. I might take a beat. So I took the Mob, deep record Shook Ones. And I was like, all I like is them Jazzy hoes, them type making niggas. And all my cl I start doing the Jazzy Hoes as a ride around mix tape for me. Like, I'm just gonna do this. I'm gonna listen to this shit in the car. I love that. And I'm just making this shit, I'm making mix tape songs just for me to listen to. I'm not even thinking about it. So then my homeboy, Steve Prudon from here. Yeah. Yeah. They heard my little mix tape one day in the car.


They was like, what the fuck is this jd? And I'm like, shit, this shit I just be making just to be doing whatever. And them niggas start singing the Jazzy Hoes. They like, man, you need to make an album. And I'm like, nah, I don't, I'm not fucking with that shit. I'm cool. I'm gonna keep finding, I'm, I'm trying to stay away from it. And then they, they like, nah, you need to make an album. So then people start pushing me to make an album. So then, I think it was the one of them movie soundtracks, I don't know what movie soundtrack it was me and B Brett Talks. Was it it? Huh? Go ahead. I'm, I'm, Yeah. Me and Brett put, the Party continues out. Okay. Yeah. Right. And that the Party continue was basically like, it was me and Snoop Record first.


That's what it was. So it was me and Snoop. Me and Snoop had a song on the soundtrack. I took Snoop off and did a remix with the brat of that song. And that song became my song. And it was basically like my first record that I put out on my album album. Me brat. And I put Usher on the hook. Right. And I start saying, I guess I'm, I guess I'm gonna make an album. Right? I guess I'm gonna make an album and I'm getting a little courage 'cause everybody's saying it. So I'm like I said, I pay attention to the energy. So people saying it, everybody tell me I should do it. So then I just start going full force. I'm trying to make my own album. And that's what Life in 1972. Yeah. Life in 14 72 70. Yeah. Yeah. But I gotta backtrack. I gotta backtrack.


So I made it, I made just kicking it and just kicking it. Got the ears of Mariah. Hmm. Just kicking it there. Yeah, just kicking it. Got the ears of Mariah. She wanted a record that felt like that on her album. So, you know, I got the call to go in the studio with Mariah. I didn't know that that's what she wanted, but that's what, that's what she was after. That's what she was looking for. And we went in the studio. It was a different type of vibe for me. I had never been in the studio early in the daytime, leaving at like seven o'clock in the day at night. So I'm nervous as fuck. I don't know.


I'm like, I, I don't know why I'm doing this project because I'm like, she's like a superstar. Super superstar. Superstar. Yeah. And I'm little nigga. I don't know. You know, I don't even know why I'm supposed, I don't, I don't know why I'm here. Because I'm thinking they using different chords than what I'm on. Bring out, bring out that other fi Yeah. I think I'm thinking they the One I the one I can't Afford yet. I'm thinking, you know, bring me out. I'm thinking they using all different chords. They got different keyboards. They, That's what the music sounded like. Music sound like that. That's an honest Assessment. Yeah. So, so I'm thinking like, I take Manuel with me to New York.


Me Emanuel go to work with Mariah. I'm like, Manuel, I don't know what this gonna be, man. You know, just Mariah Carey dog. How Is the floss to the, to the, to the, to the women? When you say, yeah, you know, I'm gonna be in New York, man Crying. Nah, I'm, I'm, I'm not, I don't even thinking about no women. I'm, I'm 100% locked in. Like, I can't fuck this up, but I'm feeling like I'm gonna fuck up. I'm believing I'm gonna fuck up. 'cause this is also the first project that I ever did outside of my studio. Ah. So I'm nervous. That is one Thing you just, you kept saying. Yeah. I had him come to the house. I had him with It. It was the first time they had Yeah. Maria wasn't come to, they had come to New York And I'm like, oh, this ain't gonna work out.


I ain't got my records. I don't just anything I might need. I can't take all that shit to New York with me. Right. So I'm already feeling like, this ain't gonna be it. This ain't gonna be it. And she started coming to the studio. She came in the studio and she was like, I wanna make a record like this. And I'm like, what you want me to do with this? She said, I wanna sing over this. And it was Cream Wu-Tang Clan. And I'm like, Right. Ke came in here. I'm like, what? Who are You? I'm like, you wanna sing over this? She's like, yeah. Then she played another record. I'm gonna sing over this one. And I'm like, I'm looking around like, what the fuck is going?


Like this one, rod Carey, you want to s you want me to make this for you? I'm not doing that. 'cause you, I'm not gonna be the person who fucked this shit up. I'm not doing that. You not gonna, they not gonna do that with me. Yeah. She was like, listen, this is what I wanna do. And I was like, oh, okay. So I started following her lead and she was like, you know, I need something like just kicking it. But I wanted to be pretty, but I wanted to have that ghetto shit on it that y'all got. And just kicking it. So Manuel start playing, he start playing that on it. And she's like, yes, change the key.


Change the key. Go to where she wanted it. Then I put the eight oh eights on there and always be my baby comes to life. Wow. Wow. Just keep winning. You just, And that's the beginning of me and Mariah's relationship. And that was absolutely a number. Oh Yeah. 100%. And this is the first session Emini here. We did, we did two records. This is the first two, one of the first one of two songs. We had a week in the studio. And that's how, that's what we came out of Emini here. We made the cream.


But it didn't come out Right. Right. It didn't come out right. I wasn't, I was also not completely dialed into Mariah yet as far as like putting her over top of cream. I, it didn't make, it didn't make sense to me. It didn't make sense to you. It was like, I'm like, you not, I'm not, I'm not doing that. I'm not going to be the guy to do that. Not realizing that she basically was creating hip pop music. Hmm. She's actually the creative that like Ariana Grande singing over Got you. Something. Got you. A hundred Percent. Yeah. K Perry singing over something. Absolutely. In a Yeah. Absolutely. She's the person who created that sound in her mind.


She did this. And she's still that person to this day. She wants to sing over street shit. Hood Shit gone, whatever it is. Hood New York. Shit. That's what she comes to the studio like. She's the rapper. Yeah. I want, Hey, this is what I wanna sing over. And it's been successful. It's Worked. Not 100%. Yeah. So we do, we do that cooking Nigga Godly. He do, he do always be my baby. I think I, you know, by the way, it's a third single. So I'm thinking, eh, whatever. My little Mariah Carey shit didn't work. It's cool. I'm on the album. She, you know, whatever. Always be My baby comes out as a single.


That record goes number one on RB charts and Hot 100. I'm like, oh, okay. Daddy is there. You know what, Emini here. So I'm like, shit, I'm a I'm gonna get you to do a song on my album. She calls me and tells me what she want the song to be. Well, if you gonna do a song, it need to be this. She sent me Sweetheart. And I'm like, she's like, let's remake this. I'm like, all right, cool. Whatever you need to tell You. No. Mariah Savage, Nah. Yeah. She, no. She knows she loved it.


She, she's the artist that actually made me realize how lazy artists actually are. Mm. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. Because she comes to the studio. She know what the fuck she want to do. She know what it's supposed to sound like. She's, she's, she's, she's very direct with what she's doing. And other artists come to the studio. They don't do, they don't, they just be sitting around like, you know what, Emini here, just waiting for you to deliver whatever it is. They just don't have that. She, she made me realize, like, she just very intentional as an artist. It's a, oh, it's another level to this artistry shit. Like, it's definitely another level to it. So I did that. We did Sweetheart, I think I had Sweetheart first before Money, anything.


Right. And Columbia's thinking that they gonna release my album. I got a Mariah Carey single. This seems like the thing. But like I told you before, I don't like to barter the energy from other people with my records. Yeah. I don I don't, I don't really like that. And in the midst of me making life in 1472, I listened to a DJ Clue tape. And Jay-Z had took the Drew Hill beat they my and rapped over it as a freestyle. And he said something, he did my cadence. Y'all want to this, I'm gonna make you that. He did, he did all of this. Yeah. Yeah. Right. So I'm a little kid, well, I'm not a little kid, but I'm a kid from College Park Georgia.


And Jay-Z's like this underground rapper that he supposed to be the one. Right. And I'm infatuated rap music. So I'm like, that nigga listening to me, that nigga fuck with me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That mean he know who I am. I'm gonna do a record with this nigga. And I seen him, we did a great day in Harlem photo shoot. And I seen him out there and I'm like, yo, I wanna do a song with you. And he's like, all right, what's up? I'm like, you come to Atlanta, let's make a song. He's like, cool. I get his information, get him a ticket to Atlanta. I go pick him up from the airport on my way to pick him up, though I'm listening to his album.


I'm listening to Can't Knock the Hustle. 'cause I'm trying to get in Jay-Z mode. I'm trying to get rapper mode all the way, by the way, I, I'm in a Bentley too. I got my Bentley. I'm going bent. Get bent. Yes. We go, here we go. Yeah. Here we, I was waiting for the Bentley was waiting. Is that the Arage? That was a, a continental T that Yeah. Big boy. Big dog. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'm, I'm going to get ho from the airport. I'm racing down Old National and I'm playing, can't knock the hustle. And I'm switching lanes and all this shit. Right. I'm trying to get there fast. I'm running a little late. I, and then I'm hearing the song, you know what I'm saying?


So outta state, kicking up top game deep in the south, switching four lanes, screaming through the sunroof, money, anything. And I'm like, I'm doing this. Yeah, yeah. Yes you are. Yeah. This is what I'm doing. Yeah. I'm moving tra I'm switching lanes. I'm, I'm doing this. I'm in the car like this. Like I'm, I'm wild. Right. And I hit rewind. I heard him say it again. I'm saying, why would this nigga say deep in the south? He not from Atlanta. And that one word the South made me pay attention to that whole phrase. Yeah. And I'm like, I'm gonna sample this.


I'm gonna sample this part. That's gonna be our song. Because I don't have no song. He don't come into Atlanta. I don't have no song. I'm just, I'm just, you never have a song. I don't have no song. I'm just trying to wing it. He Is the song Miss the song. He's the song. Fuck Daddy, you the song come song, figure it out. Shit. Come on. That shit dangerous as hell, man. So my nerves be going crazy. I'm trying to, because I know it's like the artist gonna be in like a minute. What you got? I'm trying to, I'm trying to find something. I can figure it out. So I'm doing this, I'm going pick him up. He get in the car, he's like, what you got? I'm like, shit, I don't really got nothing. But I was listening to this And I think we should make this the hook. And he's like, what? I'm like, this part right here screaming through the sunroof money and anything.


That's how I feel right now. He's like, all right, okay. And I'm not even paying no attention to him. He wrote his rap without even hearing the beat. He writing his rap as we riding to my house. In his mind, In his mind doing that. Yeah. I'm like, what does this nigga do? But I'm not really paying no attention. I'm thinking he listening to the music I'm playing or whatever. Right. We get to my house, I take the weak in the knees beat, I loop that shit start. I'm like, we gonna do it on this beat. He's like, all right, what an engineer. I'm like, what nigga we just got here.


He's like, I'm ready. I tell the engineer, I say, he ready. That nigga went in the booth two minutes after we got to my house, verse laid. I'm like, when the fuck did you write this verse? 'cause by the way, I'm not even realizing that what he did, I do all the time already. But it, I'm still use, I'm still, I'm writing on paper. Yeah. I'm still believing that it's gotta be on paper. And that's the first time I seen him do this, this no writing shit. So I'm like, this nigga, this nigga must have had a verse already. The Old as Saying old ass song. Don't gimme Old. They gave a throw Away. He don't gimme an old ass verse, but I ain't say nothing.


Yeah, yeah. The verse was hot. Right. So then I had to write my verse and I'm like, shit, I got this nigga rapping. He rapping, rapping. I'm like, he really rapping. Yeah. Jd, you gonna do this? You got a goddamn rap. Yeah. So then I had to start writing me a rap. I'm trying to write me a rap that sound like I'm in. I'm witness this thing I'm at least, at least I'm writing around in there. So I'm trying to get that. I get my verse and then he gimme a third verse. I ain't got no more lyrics than me that day. So his third verse, he leave without hearing my third part on the song. But yeah, that's how the money thing came. So once we finished the song, all I wanted for my career was to be placed in the same space as real rappers.


Yeah. I didn't care if the records were number one. I didn't care if they was, I thought that was all for my artists. What I wanted, I wanted people to respect me for where I came from. I'm a hip hop person. Right. So I'm listening to DJ Clue Tape. And I'm like, shit, if I put a rap record out, I wanna be number one song on Clue Tape. I want him to play my record. This gonna be the first song on the mix tape. That's all I cared about. So we finished money and everything. I called Clue. I'm like, yo, I got one. I need this to be the first song on the mix tape. I sent it to him. He's like, you got it, you got one? I'm like, yes. And I go to Columbia.


Oh shit. I go, I go to Columbia. I'm like, this my first single. They looking, they say why? Hmm? I said, shit, why not? It's Jay-Z. Yeah. They like, who the fuck is Jay-Z? No way. He not on the radar yet. 100% Not on that radar. Yeah. He not on their radar yet. I'm like, who the fuck is Jay-Z? I'm like, listen, he the hottest look, he the hottest underground nigga from New York. What's going on Jermaine? You have a song. Mariah, Mariah Carey. You have songs with this person. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Why are you trying to make a song with Jay-Z? We don't even know who he is. But you gotta remember I'm in the DMV Jay-Z is a thing for us.


Yeah. So when that song drops, it's like no, for sure. For the streets. For sure. Yeah. We're Talking about a building. I get that Mariah Carey also keeps the lights on in. Hundred percent. A hundred percent. And I get it in Jame. You have a record with her. I get it. Yeah, I get it. Yeah. Y'all supposed to be coming with that. It's 4th of July. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. I get on money and thing. They don't have no real enthusiastic actions for me. But I'm like, cool. I don't give a fuck. I'm on the clue tape. Yeah. This gonna be the first song with Clue Tape. We good. Yeah. That's all I cared about. And then, you know, money, anything came out. And I feel like that's my, that's my biggest non number one record. I feel like that record didn't go number one.


Yeah. Nah. It wasn't number one to me. That's What I'm saying. Fucking, but by the way, it's a, it's, it's like a classic rap song. Right? Absolutely. And I don I feel like you're Rapping your ass off on there. I feel like, thank you. I feel like for, to have that, you gotta have some kind of, you know, I ain't, I, I'm not considered as like the Poppy rap. You might look at me like I'm a poppy rap guy. They look at these rap songs like they real rap rapper. Right. That's real secret. And that's, that's all I wanted. That's all I cared about. So I was, I'm completely with pleased with that. Yeah. Now that record worked. Yeah. You come to DM V, that record worked. Yeah. Oh no. Hundred percent. And the DM V. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. It definitely worked. Let's, let's get to the brothers, let's get to the, let's get to the brothers.


Okay. So in the midst of this. Yeah. Yeah. Kandy comes and says, I got a group I want you to see. I'm like, okay, cool. You they good. She's like, yeah, they good. They twins. I'm like, okay, cool. She bring the twins to my house. They get up in front of me and they sing. And I'm like, I don't really know what to do with y'all. It's just them two. Nah, it's a whole group. Oh, the whole group. Okay. Yeah. But I'm, you know, I never did a male group before, so I don't know what the do with them niggas.


Only thing I could think about was that I said, okay, good. I'm gonna sign y'all. I signed them and we got in the studio. Now me, I don't know what to do with them. So I start doing what I did with Escape. Right. Escape could come to my house and sing acapella. And I put a beat, scratch something from turntables and put a beat under there. Jagged came to my house and the first session, I'll never forget this, the first session we got in the biggest argument ever. And them niggas turned me into a r and b junkie based on that. That's when I became r and b guy.


Like they singing And I try to put a beat under there. And Brandon, Brandon was like, man, we ain't escaped. We ain't fucking escaped. We want some chords, we want some, we, we want some shit. And I was just like, damn, I don't know how to do that shit. This what I know how to do. I know how to, you know what Emini here. Right. And it was just like, nah man. And it was like, we got an argument because I'm like, nigga, this the shit that work. Right. I want to hear y'all nigga sing over this beat. Nah, that ain't RB nigga, that ain't what we trying to do. We were RB group. And I was like, oh, okay. R and b group. So then I start doing my little studying And I start working with Jagged.


We did the, the way you make me feel. The way You, the way you feel or something like, I think that's the first song. I don't remember the, yeah. And I put me and Brat on the song. That's the first time they came out. And that song didn't work. Right. It got a little buzz, but it didn't work because I also was trying to figure out how do I market this record. Right. So I was thinking like, oh, I gotta be able to put it somewhere where I'm gonna be able to put my hands on it and do it the same way thing. Right. So I put me and Brett on the song thinking that it was gonna go to that channel. It was lukewarm. It didn't do nothing. And then we shot a video for, I got a B. Right. We shot a video for Got a B.


And it wasn't crazy yet. The video was just like a regular video. But the song went to RB radio and they came back and they was like, they liked this song, this song could work, but the video ain't good. Right. So then we shot another video for the song. They put Destiny Child in there, they got Beyonce and you know, we got, we got them 'cause they on the, they on Columbia. So yeah, they wanna barter the energy and gotta be took off and gotta be, became Jagged first. Number one record that I, You Wrote that one. But through this whole process, I'm learning chords. I'm learning we going, I'm going deep down in RB Emini here.


I was already, you know, Teddy Rod, my Idol, Quincy's my Idol. I was there, but I'm still like, so hip hop, I'm like not, I don't like a lot of that shit. I don't like all 'em pretty ass chords and this, that, that, that, that was my mentality. But them niggas, maybe I had to get into it. So I start, we making records. We making records every day. You know what Emini here we did the, the, the Gap Band Remake. 'cause them niggas sounded like, you know what, Emini here Charlie to me. And we just start, I just start getting into RB just doing manual. Come on, let's get some deeper cards. Chords, let's go. Let's go. And Jagged, they really, the ones that got me like on my RB.


Yeah. Really, really on. Did you write got A B No, SB. No. They wrote all the songs. Yeah. Jagged wrote all these songs. Yeah. And that, that album, that was really a wake up call to the industry about Jagged Edge though. Absolutely. Yeah. Everybody was paying attention. Yeah. Once that second album came out, it was like, oh, they legit. No, they were them. Yeah. These, these, these guys. There they were them. Yeah. Yeah. Legit Emini here. We still, it still was tough though, that like, keys to the Range didn't really do what it we wanted it to do. So I just, so this is also me. I'm nervous 'cause I, you know, me and Emmanuel did gotta be, so they first number one record was me, Emanuel. Okay. Me and B Cox Cox never did a record with them like that.


Right. So we in there working, I'm just nervous. So I'm like, but they had success with a ballot. People fucking with them on the ballots. We gotta make another ballot. The day before that, I had just gotten an argument with my girlfriend about me working in the studio all late at night. And she sending me messages like, I hope the studio keep you warm at night. Niggas da da da da. You, you know, you, you act like you, you gonna be young forever. You ain't getting no younger nigga, let's get married. And I'm like, fuck outta here. Right. The response is hilarious. I'm sure. Real. I'm like, nah, nah, nah. Uhuh. You don't know who you talking to.


I Think, I think I've seen that same text before. I'm like, I'm like, I get it. So you Had the same Reaction. So I'm like, oh shit. I'm like, oh, girls wanna be married. Like, I felt she, she made me really believe that women wanted to be married. Yeah. That's what they want. They destination is to get that ring. Yeah. Right, right. I'm mad I'm having this conversation. Brian start playing these chords And I called Jack, we gotta do this song called Let's Get Married. He like, what? I'm like, yeah. And he come, I got the hook and they, they fucking with it. And they start writing. Let's get married Nigga, let's talk about this. Might as well line.


That's the line Mind this way. We ain't getting no young. We might as well do like, Depending on what city you're in. Yeah. It might As well might as well. Well or minus well yeah. Be On Might as might Nigga that line. It's classic, but it strikes this chord in women. Mm. Have you ever had a conversation with a woman about Let's get married? I haven't. I haven't. What days later, nigga who Wrote It has to do I know Because like, y'all smart as well because you don't understand that. Women don't get that. A lot of times the man at that point is just folding. Right. He's just folding under the pressure.


He's got the text. Right. Right. He didn't answer like Jermaine, he wanted to keep his woman. Right. So he said, I might as well. Shit. Come on. Do it. Yeah. So I Emini here. That's what, that's what it said to me. She said it. And from there that let's get married. And me writing what I got outta that conversation with her led me into like, my writing style of today. And it just led me into like, okay, I'm gonna start putting Real life Into it. Life into these songs. Yeah. What you have, what you have, which you absolutely have. My brother. Oh my God. Okay, so let's get married. It's going crazy.


Yeah. What makes you say this is how we remix this song, Man. Okay, so let's get, this is The wedding song of all Wedding the reception song. Yes. By the way, it's not a pretty picture for me because in the midst of this, HIRA Hicks calls me and says, I got this new group. And I'm like, cool. I'm not thinking about the group being competition, the jagged edge, but whatever. I'm just trying to do projects. He's like, I need you to do a remix. I'm like, what? He's like, this group Drew Hill, they got this song called Sleeping in My Bed, the song number one. But we need, we need the uptempo remix. And I'm like, oh, we need something. We need something to keep, you know, give us some more legs.


Mix, show type of shit. Yeah. And I'm like, okay, alright. I start going back to do what I do. I start messing with the turntables. I find a beat. I'm like, yeah, you need to fly them to Atlanta. And we going, I'm gonna have 'em resing it. And they flew. They, they all flew to Atlanta, but the only person came to the studio was Cisco. Huh. Interesting. So Cisco come to the studio and I'm like, where the rest of the group at? He's like, I don't need them play the beat. That was the comment. Wow. Give you a play the beat. Play the beat baby. I was, I was, I, no, I'm like, okay.


It wasn't like a dis I was David Ruffing. It wasn't like, it wasn't like a dis but it was just like, I got it, I got it. Yes, I got it. Right. So I said, all right, we gonna do it to this beat. And I started playing it. Boom, boom. And he's like, Ooh. And I said, you got a chance. You gotta make lyrics. Go to this, beat this. So, so I'm like, shit, me and Brat should get on this motherfucker. Mm. Alright. So I'm going, going Have everybody mad. I'm going, so we going and we make a remix. Right. This remix comes out. Usher call me. Why the fuck you give him that song? I'm like, this Remix. Right. This Is a remix. I didn't give him a song.


Now you gave him that beat. Get outta here Usher. Okay man. Usher's mad to this day about this song to this day. Usher. See this? He gonna be usher. You ain't have to get him that beat. Jagged. Come to the studio. Why you get him? Niggas that beat. Yeah. I'm like, what you talking about that they, they, that's our competition and you gonna help them. So I'm like, oh fuck. But I'm like, y'all got a number one record right now? Nah. Fuck that. You gave them niggas that beat. So then I'm, I'm, I'm feeling bad. I'm feeling bad. I feel like I done let my guys down. You did, you did, did I Emini here looking at it from the outside. Yeah. I'm, I'm giving, I'm playing Devil's acting.


Okay. You did Okay. You Got a, you Got, I'm just, I'm just, you got A four, you gave a competition. Who's in competition with another four guy group? A Smash. I didn't know that it was a smash though. I didn't know. I'm just going at this point. I'm just doing Keep doing Smash. What do you mean? No, it's a remix. It a re it doesn't matter. Remix, smash. It doesn't Matter. I don know that. You don't know that's gonna happen. Shit. It's a remix. It's a remix. Niggas called Jermaine for a reason, brother. But go ahead. But it's a remix. So I'm, I'm not actually thinking that it's gonna translate into what it translated into. Yeah. It start turning crazy. Going crazy. Every club, every radio stage, every club. Then the song, the remix replaced the original in number one.


Yes. Yes. So now it's really, it's a hit. Like what it did. Yeah. But jagged, it's fucked up man. Every time I see them, that's what the conversation is. That's fucked up. You gave them that song. You gave 'em that song. So then I'm like, I gotta find a, I gotta remix one of these niggas records. I gotta do something. I gotta figure it out. I gotta make a, I gotta make them niggas a killer remix. We gotta do it. So he started getting in the studio. Me and Marcus Jefferson Mark, he put the run DMC. We ain't gotta change the lyrics I make. Oh wait, do it work?


Yeah. Okay. Aha. I'm saying aha because like Ah, Got it. That's why you Saying Yeah, that's why I said it. I'm saying it 'cause I'm like, oh I got it. These niggas got it. Ah-huh. See first of All know These. So that's how the remix came about. I had to do it 'cause they was on my head And I had to Find it. They made the greatest remix of all times. Really? You worked really well under Pressure brother. Yes, yes, Yes. I don't know that I'm as Those two remixes. Nobody has RB remixes like that.


It's only other, only other RB remix that's even mentioned is the Jodeci remix Emini here. That was the SWV Michael Jackson. Shit. Human Nature. It is amazing. Amazing. Not for the streets, but it ain't, It Ain't, it's not for the streets. It ain't Ralph. That's not a street record. You know what I'm saying? Like this is, it ain't Ralph. Literally it Ain't Ralph a hip hop. Those, these are r and b hip hop remix records. For real. You know what I'm saying? And Jodeci was the only one before that that had that. Yeah. That still gets played that I can think of now. You know, listen, the comment section gonna go crazy. And what about One that was good. Not in the same vein though. Not the way that you did it, but that was, that was kind of groundbreaking.


R Kelly Downlow. Oh yeah, yeah. Yes, Yes. All his remixes. Yeah. Yeah. R Kelly was. But in going back to our original conversation, to this day, there's nowhere you can't go where somebody has just got married and that song does not, Does not play Play. Yeah. It's the reception record. Impossible. It's the reception record. It's Not a real reception. Black, white, Latino age. I don't care what you are, You better play that. Playing that. So this song comes out, jagged Edge is a, you know, it's a they ball group. They having success more on ballots than Stacey stations like Power 1 0 6 here in la Pick up, let's get me a remix.


Got run. Did Reverend Run on it? Jagged Edge start doing interviews at Power 1 0 6. They doing KMEL. They start hitting these other stations. They don't wanna make no more slow records. I respect It. That's what they said. Yeah. They like, we out now. Nah, nah, no. We've seen The World seen the light. Yeah. Yeah. We don't wanna make no more slow records. Yeah. I'm like, that's what y'all make. Nah, fuck that. I respect you. So they go back to the hip hop shit that you wanted to do in the beginning. Yeah. Okay. Okay. I see what you're Going with. This jd, your top five RB. Singers. Singers. Singers, Singers, singers. Come on. Michael. Hmm.


Luther. Hmm. Stevie. Yep. Yes Sir. Yes sir. Alright. Kelly and Usher. Ooh yes. Yep. Ah, I gotta cover everything That will About cover. Yeah. Yeah. That'll cover that Cover the spectrum, blah, blah. Okay. Okay. We got through that. Nice. Hey there. Go to singers. Okay. Emini here. I, I want people know Usher Usher's. Usher's really serious about singing. Like I, I, you know, he really takes that singing shit serious. Like he really be practicing really doing like he really taking shit just like you just like, I'm watching you do this for y'all to see him do that and make a song like that off top, that means he could write, he writes about anything.


He never, you never have writers black Never. 'cause you have no fear of just saying whatever's right on you at that time. Absolutely. Right. And that's, that's, that's the, that's a genius in writing. Yeah. Yeah. Your top five r and b songs. I'm gonna go with this one first because I've been thinking about it, been talking about it. This lady in my life. Rolling Stone said this first song. Come on, speak on it. We going speak on it. I don't know what you niggas talking about first of all, but just the ad libs on that record is so r and b to nigga Mike say, stay right here with me.


Stay right here with me. Don't you go nowhere. Yeah. That's some pimp. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Stay right here with me. Yeah. Forever. All over and over. That song is like, it's the most r and b shit ever. I don't even understand how you can say that, but that's, that's one of my favorite songs. They was On some clickbait shit period. And that's all I can think of. They was gonna Click bass. No. Somebody there believed that dumb shit and they should be reprimanded and whoever proofread it, they should be reprimanded them too. Them too. Whoever printed it. Yeah, We can find out the name. Oh Yeah. Now they have their name in my comments. They definitely told me.


Then another Michael song is Human Nature. Yeah. This these is crazy songs. Michael Got two of 'em in the Top. Okay. Oh yeah. One. So I like it. My style of RB so I gotta go with like make it last forever. Yeah. You this is my Yeah, yeah, yeah. It makes perfect sense. It makes perfect sense. Absolutely. Just the type of RB records I like. Yep. Top five. It's a hard one, but let's wait a while. Yeah, yeah.


Crazy song. Crazy Song. Crazy song. No Denying like crazy song Jam Lewis is Musicians. They somewhere else for that. Yeah. Ignition. Hmm? The remix? No, usually I don't do this, but catch it. Don't get no better than that. Yeah. Oh my God. That's a motherfucking song right there. Yeah. Beep beep. Alright, well, nah, it's crazy. Two, two Running her heads through my Bro. Beep beep. Yeah, So I, I've never written a song. This I, I, this one thing I was gonna talk to you about that I wanted to come here to talk to you. How do we get r and b on one accord and why do you think it's separated?


There's a certain group of guys, just a certain group of, there's another sort of guys that don't actually coincide with each other. And I don't, I don't for the life of me, rap is not like that. Right. If a rapper's over here, this rapper's trying to get on this same space as this person, but r and b, we got these five artists on this side, on this side that don't really swing in this space of the artist that's on this side. And I feel like that's what dampers r and b from being successful. Of course. Absolutely. And I'm saying it more like with your challenge, the challenge, the the, the challenge is where I believe I'm really seeing it because I'm like, okay, so I see the people that's doing it, but which one of these guys that's on this left side that's going to take this challenge?


You thinking you were thinking the same thing? I was thinking, I was like, I, I haven't added some people like Yeah. So that's what I'm saying. Why, why, why? What do you, what do you think is the, what's the reason that that it won't, it it don't happen. I think that, I think that r and b guys, most r and b guys aren't from a competitive space. Rap guys are from a competitive space. Rap is, let's get in this cipher and let's go at it on the street. Most of these guys, most of r and b guys, especially from where we're from, would just either one plucked out of this place, one plucked out of this church.


You know what I'm saying? Or, or maybe this, this do wap group or whatever. But in, in, in our arena, there is no specific space where we actually build a comradery competing against each other. And so that's what makes it hard for us to come together and collaborate. Right. And then the other nuance that I think is very, very looked over is that a lot of RB guys didn't play sports. Like me and him got close because we were ultimate competitors on the basketball court. And I was like, oh, I'll ride with this nigga anywhere on a song, nigga through the hood, whatever.


I know his level of competition. Like what he, what He bleed, I bleed. I always do whatever with him. And guys that don't have that, he's the ultimate. He's my ul ultimate point guard. I don't need the ball. If I know he got the ball, kill him. Jay, kill these niggas. Look at I'll run the floor, nigga. I'll play lockdown defense. I, I could never get the ball. I'll never scream at Jay. Be like, nigga, go crazy if you see me. Get it to me. But that's the, the, the team, you know, the gamesmanship that we're missing, We were never taught That r and b was a team sport.


Nope. And it got, it is, and it's got even more water down that we don't even have groups. Right. So you don't even see that camaraderie. You don't even see the guys in the group together. But I also blame it on, you know, because yes, I, I come from the creative side and I've done all these things in on the creative side, but I, I also consider myself an executive. It's also the executive's fault because they've kept artists away from each other. I don't get on that song. It's always a manager. It's always an executive. Maybe they're not always black. Hmm. That's saying, Hey, nah, no, no, no, no, no. This your space. Yep. This, this, this. You don't share that light.


Yep. Instead of saying this, all of our life, we stronger together. Homies even making phone calls. Yep. Calling tank, calling Usher, calling Chris, calling Trey, calling Rob when he was out. Like literally making those phone calls and say, Hey man, you know nigga, I was, I was with such and such out there. That nigga cool in motherfucker, bro. Y'all niggas need to, we haven't really had that in the RB space. I've lived in the rap space. I've done records. You know what Emini here, I've had artists signed you. Of course you have. You know, it's a different world. Two RB niggas aren't picking each other up from the, from the airport.


Shit. You said earlier, a nigga is not taking the underground RB singer who he thinks is on his way up. Preach and saying, I'm gonna pick that nigga up from the airport. We're gonna do a record together. I'm gonna fight my label. He gonna get the first single over the, the biggest artist in The World right now. But Why, why you think that is? Why you think they, why, why you think that? Why you think it's learned behavior? Yeah. I think it's learned behavior. 'cause that's just what it's been. Yeah. It's just, it's just what it's been for so long that now these conversations though of you saying why now opens up the floodgate for niggas to make those phone calls. You know what I'm saying? Us having this platform Yeah. Where we talk about, you know, where James Froy says he wants to work on the Newmar project and then they do a project together.


You get what I'm saying? Where now these, these connected worlds and these conversations, 'cause what we say here goes out. But then, you know what I'm asking that also add to that leadership also reflects that too. Because whoever's back then, whoever was holding the mantle kind of dictated how we operate. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like for take for when Rob had the mantle wasn't no other r and b nigga get none of that. Good luck. I am king and niggas who've stood on that I am king space.


When I get the crown, When I get the crown have always stood alone. The the first person that I've seen to operate like a full rapper and say, let's get it in. Send it, I'll send it back to you. Tomorrow's Chris Brown. He's the first person I don't nigga rap Afrobeat r and b nigga Country Song said it. If I'm fucking with it, I'm fucking with it. I don't, I don't, I don't care if you ain't even signed this rock And I here. That's, and that's, that's how it should be. That's what I don't under That's what I'm saying. I don't understand it. Like even like I said with your challenge right now, I'm waiting to see one of these artists do it because I'm saying I don't understand what the That come.


A lot of that too comes from fear. What? Fear. Fear. What? Singing is different from rapping. It is wonderful. You gotta, you gotta know how to Like sound on here. Rapping has got to a point where Anybody can do it. Yeah. Everybody can't sing. I agree. Singing No s Right. Yeah. Yeah. Because there's some really good singers that don't sound good on that challenge. Listen. And then when Mario just did it Got busy. He put he, he put some additional fear. I ain't, man, I ain't messing. I ain't mess with that. That nigga Thatt crazy isn't it? That's Dope. Nah, he did. He did. He did. I fucked with that challenge, Joe. That's that challenge. But I'm looking for like you said, where the cat at though?


Where a cat at? Yeah, I definitely, Or it's like, oh I don't want to, that's Chris Brown. I ain't trying, you know what I'm saying? I'm let them have that. Nah, it's us. It all contributes to the pot. The bigger this is the bigger we all are, which is what this challenge is showing you. Yeah. No, we need it. We need it. I appreciate it. But these conversations change that. Yep. Because these conversations make people look at these things differently. And maybe it's not this specific challenge, but maybe it's the next one. Yeah. Or maybe guys are like, okay, you know what, I'm in on that. Yeah. I'm fucking with that. You know what I do got a record that I need we wa on. Yeah. And we should do some shit together and we should tour together and we should. Yeah. Like the thing that you and your father created the Scream tour, the fact that it's still going this long.


Jesus Christ Right. Is amazing. But it shouldn't only, it shouldn't take artists 20 years to jump on these tours together. We gotta have that now. Yep. Bro. Bud, why the Superfest, drew Hill, genuine Aaliyah, Mary J. Bone, thugs in Harmony, all platinum artists all with number one records. Yeah. All Of them Emini here. That was The World wide superfest though. That's what you know. But I'm just saying We got We need it. Yeah. We need it. Oh, summer. We need it. Where is the tour right now where it's not on the big artist And I got four little guys under me where it's really collaborative.


Where at any night it's anybody's night. Right. And you who they don't care about who's closing. Don't matter who's closing. We can rotate this motherfucker if you want to. We gotta get to that space. Space. Triple Threat. We gotta a triple threat to it. We gotta Get to that space. DVD Al v Su Bobby Brown. That shoe was a tour right there. Come on. That was, that was a Who Gonna get it? Yeah. I wa listen, I watched Bobby Brown go crazy right before a new edition go nuts on their heartbreak tour. Wouldn't lead a stage pants with the, with the, with the fucking thing down to here. Parachute jump parachute Them. Hammer pants. Hammer pants. Yeah.


Yeah. We gotta get back to that back. But we gotta we gotta continue these conversations. Yeah. I'm gonna try to do my best. You know what Emini here, I'm gonna try to do my part. Keep doing my part. Try to make it, gotta get back, back into the, you know, make sure the RBRB gotta get back to the forefront for sure. Yep. Two more things from you before you leave. Let's make a Voltron man. Let's make your super RB artist Emini here, making your super RB artist. Where you gonna get the vocal from performance style styling. The drip artist and who gonna produce and write for this motherfucker your super RB artist. One vocal that you would make, that you would take to make your super artist.


The voice would be r Kelly. Mm. Performance style. Yeah. The performance style would be, let see shit. Performance style. I'm gonna go with Michael. Hmm. Yeah. Rob Michael. You paying a thousand, A lot of people ain't going, a lot of people don't go with that. 'cause they ain't really actually see him. No. What do you mean? A lot of people do go with that. Yeah, But I'm saying majority of people don't. They never really seen Michael. Actually. Like I video of Michael is enough. Still enough is still better Than live. Oh yeah. It's way better. But I'm saying to be there.


Oh yeah. Trip is different. It's a whole different ballgame. The styling of the artist. And she liked to put groups in Dickie suits and shit. You know who style you take for that Kanye? Mm. Risk taker. Mm. You gotta be a star. You gotta be a star. Nigga's A Star. You wanna be a star. You gotta, you know, Emini here. Kanye is You going to the runway. He's One of one man. He's one of one. I don't care how niggas feel about him. He's one. One. He's who he is. Yeah. The passion of the artist, heart of the artist who mean it. I'm gonna go with Prince. Trying.


Yeah. That's real passion right there. Matter of fact, I am gonna go back to the beginning. The RNR and B is Stevie Wonder. Mm. So that voice has to be Stevie. He is the voice of r and b. He's made every type of RB record that we, every one of that you can think of, That You can think of. He's, and he's created it. It's his, It's His, it's his everything that everybody does. They got pieces from It's piece pulled from Stevie Wonder. So I gotta give Stevie that. He's the voice prince with the, the, you know, passion. He the passion. You gotta be really passionate to sit on a horse butt naked.


Yeah. Because that had to hurt, Man, this nigga. Well you gotta be passionate just to Emini here. Purple Rain was a passionate movie man. Oh no. Absolutely. The idea of what he was doing. Yep. The love for performing, the love for putting it all into the music and doing the way he did it. We ain't, I ain't, we ain't seen nobody black do that. Yeah. Yeah. You know. And who's writing and producing for this artist? Quincy and Rod Templeton. Yep, yep. Yep. That's pretty nasty.


That's nasty. Yeah. Them boys. Bad Rod. Temperature and Quincy finish Up. All right. So we come to the very, very important part of the show. Alright. When you tell us a story funny or fucked up are funny and fucked up. The only rule to the game, you can't say no name Names Brother. Yeah. So this story, you know, if the cameras was around life would be so much different if y'all would've saw this. Mm. Just this, You know, it's a group of individuals that came to the studio to play basketball. It's a group of individuals that I'm in the studio working with to basketball individuals.


They out there playing basketball. They're not paying no attention to what's going on in the studio. But they are some kind of way, but they're not really, you know, And I don't know, like me for the first time, I let all these motherfuckers in at the same time. I don't know why Hmm. For the life of me, but I did. I let them niggas go play basketball while I'm in the studio doing what I'm supposed to be doing. Knowing that's not safe. That's not what you're supposed to be doing. And one of 'em found in the studio that the other one was out there. And then they had a meeting in the middle studio that was like the most, I don't even know how to say it.


It is just, it's just crazy shit ever. The things that was said, the disrespect to unbelievable ness about this. I was in complete shock in my own studio. Like So you didn't know that they didn't rock with each other? I did, but I didn't. 'cause it's all, it's competitiveness. It's a competitiveness. We know it's a competitiveness. But to hear what was being said in front of the person and they right there in front of each other Was Mind blowing.


And I will never have an, I will never allow that to happen in my studio again. Somebody's at my studio. If you in my studio and somebody say they wanna come by artists, I'm, no, it's closed. I tried to let everybody in and this was, this could have been really bad. This could have really got bad and I'm just gonna leave it at that. Let people try to figure this out. But this shit was Wow. But nothing happened though. Nothing happened. Nothing happened. Just disrespect. But the dis the level of disrespect was on a hundred. Like unbelievable by the way. There's no way possible that you could say the things that was being said And I get shot at.


Right. Because it's, it is no way that it's true. One artist is higher than the other artist. Just so y'all can notice it's one artist that's a, that's a, you know what, Emini here. So there's no way possible that you can say, oh I ain't, I ain't never fucked with you. How? How's this possible? There you go. There you go. I gotta know what the fuck is going on. I gotta know what the fuck is going on, man. Yeah, no, it's true. It was rough for you to make up new rules that it had to be. Nah, I had to know.


I, because Emini here, like I said, I, I never really, I I I never thought that this could get to this space. Gotcha. Right. You know what Emini here. I just thought that, you know, of course everybody's competitive. Everybody's making music, everybody's trying to be the stars. Nobody's more competitive than Bow. Wow. Right. Bow wow wants he, he's at he beef with me. He's so competitive. Like he don't, it's like, right. So you have people, I I'm, I'm, I'm used to that level. That's what it is. Everybody around me Is they all competing for time? My time? Yeah. Yeah. Record, da da da. So I'm used to it, but this was, this was some, some other shit.


I just didn't, I didn't expect it And I walked in into it And I was just like, wow. Okay, well how we keep this from being somebody's head getting splattered or something in my studio. Yeah. Because I ain't trying to do that. It was like that, it was just definitely crazy like that. I don't know if that's the story. Y'all want that. And I can't say no name. I can't say no names, you know. Well, hey man, manage your studio spaces properly. Okay? Don't invite rival gangs. Rival Artists.


Rival group. Control your space, man. Yeah. Make sure you let everybody Per jd, Everybody do what they gotta do. But they all down. I had the insurance is to cover the type of shit that can go down. Oh God. Disgust Them. Amen brother. Jd we are appreciative of your time. Yeah. As we are, as we are fans first we are those who you've inspired. You are, you have been our steady guide and material. You've, you've, you've, you've been the, the, the voice and the soundtrack to our lives.


You continue to be cut that shit out and you're, you are one of the greatest of all times. Thank you. Appreciate it. Absolutely. My brother. And you know, My brother. My guys we're just one this one 50. Right? This is what you told me. It's one 50. It's one 50. It's one 50. Congratulations. You, we needed you. Congratulations. Listen, we needed you. Congratulations for one 50. Congratulations. You understand What I'm Saying? I gotta be, I'll be back. I I'll be back. 'cause this year I'm put, I'm, I plan to put out more records this year than I put out in probably the last 20 years.


Really? Shit. Just this year you gonna put out more records? Yeah. Okay, cool. I plan. Come On. I feel good about that. Yeah, I feel good about somewhere in there. You know what I'm saying? I feel good about that. You gonna get your week? Yo, yo, I'm getting all week. Yeah, You get, you gotta get the week. You my week I'm signing division. Yeah. Yeah. We rock with Division. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We need division On the podcast. Yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm, yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm churning him Out about that collapse. I think I hit him about something too. I was like, man, you know, if you got something on that y'all working, let me get on that. He ain't hit me back. Oh, he ain't hit you back. Yeah. There you go. See? So now I'm coming to you. Yeah. Division. Exactly. Yeah. Gotta we gotta come on. You gotta make happen that Sign.


Yeah. Now I'm going, I'm going, I'm trying to go crazy. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Like I said, I, I have a, I have a goal. If I go, something's happening to me. I want, I didn't even my music play with asks. I love that I'm there. I love it. Like, for real. I just think that, you know, you can, that's a, that's a thing that I want to do. So I leave a real soundtrack, like my soundtrack that people, you could just play this all this music as a thing. I got an idea. I'm not gonna say it on Here. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. And I'm doing the Quincy Jones tribute to Essence. Hey. Yeah. Yeah. My Quincy Jones tribute to Essence will be the one I believe that everybody's been looking forward to seeing.


I thought Queen Latifah was amazing last night doing He's on down the road. But what I'm gonna do at Essence is different than anything y'all seen as far as a tribute to Quincy. And it's going to really tie in the young people and the older people to understand who Quincy Jones is and what he was to me as a musician. And I'm excited about that. 'cause it's gonna be, I'm, you know, lemme know If I should black those. I'm bringing out the, lemme know If I should black those days. Yeah, you gotta black them days Out. The rehearsal is Yeah. You gotta come on. You gotta come on know. Hell yeah. Yeah. I don't care what it is. Go, go, go without wonderful.


Come on. Nah, it's gonna be, it Be be a tam ring nigga. You sleep on secret guard. Come on nigga. Yo secret God. Come on man. That James Eagle. You better believe it. Come on man. Right. Yeah. We gotta go audition. I'm gotta go audition. I'm sending my tapes into my re I'm go get my el de I'm. You gotta the bar. She got outta the bar. Come on man. You look like a debar. Don't man. What? Yeah, descendant. You know, we always shout now. Bunny, come on man. You, you the bar. You looking like a debar. We thank you brother. Yeah, thank you bro. Hundred percent man. Thank you. We appreciate you and Shit.


You know, I'm pro, like I said, I'm pro. Keep RB alive. I'm glad that y'all got this. I'm glad that y'all got, you know, that y'all getting everybody on the show and I'm glad that people coming here. I saw LA he didn't even know that y'all had the whispers on here. Like, you know what Emini here. I I I like the fact that y'all have y'all hitting all. Yeah. You know what Emini here, y'all, y'all hidden it from all angles. That's dope. Yes Sir. And We depend on people like you to make phone calls that we don't, we can't make sometimes to say, you know What? You need to go down to the r B Money money. They go sit down with the brothers man. I got, yeah, I'll be back when I come. We ain't, we gonna talk about, that's for sure. A whole 10 New records Ventures.


That's my goal. Yeah. Ladies and gentlemen, my name is Tank. I'm j Valentine and this is the R B Money podcast. The authority on all things. Yeah. R and b. Yeah. Yeah. For the last 30 years, huh? And still. Yeah. Yeah. And the new and the new both of them. Our brother Jermaine. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah.


If you are not watching BMF on Stars, you are seriously missing out from executive producer Curtis 50 cent Jackson. The new season is coming and Meech and Terry are leveling up. They're expanding their empire, launching a music label, and even hitting the 1995 source awards. Oh, and did I mention Lamar is back. BMF is where drama hustle and hip hop collide. The drama top tier, the stakes higher than ever. This is the season everyone's going to be talking about. Don't miss the season premiere June 6th only on Stars and The Stars app.


What's it take to be a mentor with Big Brothers Big Sisters? It takes 30 minutes and a cup of coffee, a video game best two out of three. It takes sharing thumbs up, emojis, clapping, emojis, and loaded nachos at halftime. That's how you make an impact on a young kid's life. So go on, share a few hours a month because mentorship may sound huge, but the truth is it takes little to be big to learn more, volunteer or donate, go to be big now.org.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income census tracts. Also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo Bank, NA member FDIC.


Hey, When's the last time you've listened to Hot 99 5? Because we have all of the hi music, but also a lot more like Intern John and your morning show. I'm Elizabeth. I wanna make sure you always know about the latest events, deals and things we're making fun of around the DMVI Love this station. You talk about real Stuff and Nick Gomez gets you access to all of your favorite artists and we're all given a bunch of things away every day. In fact, you might even be able to win a million dollars. Whoa, What snap I one kill? We're DC's number one. Hey music station hot 99 5. This is An iHeartPodcasts.