
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia, Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions, man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the woman of all podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and sports podcast and the Trap Nerds podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this tap and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


Let's, let's get, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, You got Exclusive. You know, if you don't lie about that, right? You Lauren came in. Hi. All righty, y'all, we are back again. We are in week two of the latest with Lauren la, the podcast and, you know, a daily podcast. It's a hustle. It's a grind. But Emini here, this is what I do. I literally sit on my phone, live and breathe, text talk, call, reach out, email about, you know, entertainment, news and pop culture stuff all day long up until a certain point. I will cut it off at some point. 'cause I'll be like, all right, I gotta eat. I gotta, you know what? Emini here, but Emini here. I say that to say it's ongoing. So this is not hard to do. What has been the challenge in this new phase in life with dropping the podcast and you know, we, us rolling out the latest with Lauren La Rosa, The Breakfast Club iteration of it, And I do a show with BET called BET Talks, has been balance of life.


My mom called me today and she was like, Hey, what you doing? Because she called me twice And I was on a Zoom call with my assistant And I answered, and I'm like, Hey mom, you all right? And she was like, yeah, I'm fine. What you doing? You don't call me no more. And I'm like, that's the third time she told me that. This week and the way I'm set up with my mom and my grandmom, I talk to them every single day. If they don't hear from me, they're like, what the heck is going on? Sometimes my grandmother will be like, oh, she's busy. So she'll call my mom and be like, oh, did you talk to Lolo? That's my family nickname. So y'all family now. 'cause y'all done, y'all know my nickname. She'll be like, Hey, have you talked to Lolo? And my, my mom will tell her like, oh yeah, I talked to her. She was doing such and such and such and such. So my grandma would just let it rock. 'cause she's like, yo, you running around, you doing so much.


My mom ain't letting nothing rock at all. She want all the smoke. She wants to talk to me every day. She wants to know why she's not talking to me every day. She wants to know, you know, if I'm doing all this work, am I being paid with the coin? Looking like baby Lois, that's my mom's name. She don't play no games at all. But I think, you know, I, I've been thinking a lot about today just feeling kind of guilty for that and guilty for the fact that just within this last two weeks, my time, this last couple months, my time has changed because I'm getting busier and things are moving And I, I just wanted to be, move slow about it and take on one project at a time and then bring other things in. And then now everything kind of hit at once.


Everything I was slowly taking on at one time. It's like, it's all, it's all on the table and we ain't even nothing on the table. We ain't even no money on the table. So, you know, I'm here and I'm doing it, but I'm not able to go home to Delaware and just sit and play cards and eat crabs with my grandma as much as I was before. I can't sit on the phone, on the phone all day with my mom as much as I was doing before. And I know that they have such a dependency on me, especially because I'm my mom and my grandmother's caretaker. So even though I don't live in Delaware, me, my brother, we make sure that they're straight. They're, they're older, they've both gone through health stuff. So there is a, a, a really strong dependency there, especially because of their age, but especially because, you know, like medically, they, they've just been through things where it's, it's helping that we, me and my brother know more than they do right now.


So, you know, I'm making sure, you know, they're eating how they supposed to eat. They got help in the home, the the homes are being cleaned and all that good stuff, even when I can't be there. So that's, that's what I've been figuring out so much of. But you know, just feeling guilty that I can't show up and do those things myself anymore. As much as I used to cooking to dinner, hanging out, just playing cards, just chilling. I'd rather be there and get yelled at about not spending enough time than being asked, when are you coming back? And it's like, oh my God. And yeah, so when my mom called me and said that today, I was like, ugh, I was feeling good. 'cause today was my first day where all like up and energized And I slept early last night. And then she called me and I'm like, but it's still not enough. I gotta figure out the balance of life now and work.


So personally, that's some of the things that I, you know, today have been dealing with, but I am more refreshed so at least I have the clear space of mind to do so. So I thank God for that. But we gonna get on into some stories. It's Lauren la Rosa, this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. And you guys know, despite what's whatever is happening in my life, whether I'm figuring out family, work, whatever, I'm always gonna be the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody and what I don know baby, I will pick up the phone, reach out and figure it out. Okay? So let's get on into some things. So up first I wanted to talk about Real Housewives of Atlanta and I'll just fresh off of watching the new episode of Real Housewives of Atlanta. The episode is called, is titled about last night.


Now for those of you guys who are Real Housewives fans, you'll know that we were waiting all of the Real Housewives of Atlanta fans were waiting for this episode because this is the episode that is Kenya Moore's last episode for season 16. Unless, well, for season 16 for sure, and potentially in the franchise, unless she decides to come back or they allow her back. Like we still don't know the answer to that. So on about last night, this episode, the main focus of this episode news wise has been the fact that this was Kenya Morris last episode for the season. And the reason why this was her last episode is because Kenya Moore opened the Kenya Moore hair spa. She owned Kenya Moore haircare product line and decided to put it in an actual hair spa in Atlanta where you could come get your hair done, you know, all the, all the spa things.


But it's all based around her product. So during this episode and at the opening of that spa, her and another girl from the show, a girl named Brittany, who is a newcomer to the show, y'all know Kenya Moore is a og. She's been there since the original Real Housewives of Atlanta days, back when Nini was there and all that good stuff. So of course, when you are the OG on a, you know, a show, a reality show like Real Housewives, the New Girls Gotta Come for You. It's kinda like a rite of passage. It shows how they can hang or if they can't, you know what I'm saying? And also can elevate their peach or lack thereof. So they're at the hair spot opening and kenia and this girl Brittany, have actually had a, a very weird exchange. The episode prior.


The episode prior, they're at this like special dinner thing and you know, they kind of get into it over a question that was asked during like a round table type game. And you know, Brittany begins to talk about when they, when they're leaving out after they've gotten into it, Brittany mentions like a pistol and some whips that she own, that she, you know, she still be packing and kenia like in her head. Like, girl, well who you talking to? Because if me and you just got into it and now you talking about a little pistol, one plus one equals two. So what, what we seeing right now? How we giving it up? And of course now these, you know, the Real Housewives of Atlanta, the real housewives of anywhere, these girls don't get on into it, but at the end of the day, these are girls with brands, businesses, kids coin, they not trying to get into the all of that.


When you get to that point where you talk about pulling out a pistol and all that, people are worried about their actual safety. They gonna do what they need to do to protect that. So when I saw the, the, the episode prior to this And I saw Kenya's reaction, I'm like, I wonder why Kenya didn't like, I don't know anything like legal protection, like involving a lawyer or something because that, that's a very like housewives boss move bringing attorneys and figure out like something like a cease and desist try to get her to not film because she felt threatened. Something like that. Mind you, if that had happened, we'd have been known by now because all of this stuff was filmed last summer. So keep that little nugget in your back pocket, back pocket's back here. Keep that little nugget in your back pocket. So then in this new episode to me, I feel like you get a better understanding of Britney and not to say that what Brittany said to Kenia about, you know, having a pistol or packing a pistol or whatever, you know, what Emini here, whatever the situation was gonna be about that.


But what I'm saying is that you kind of see her be like, okay, look, I got a lot going on in life right now. She had, she mentioned she just lost her aunt to a stroke and, and the stroke happened outta nowhere and then all of a sudden her aunt was on like life support and then, you know, her aunt had passed away and you know, she's just like, yo, I was wrong, I was wrong. I, I wanna apologize. Like I get it. I understand why she would be upset, I understand why she would feel threatened even if I didn't mean it. Like I'm about to pull my pistol out, I get it, I understand I'm a woman, blah, blah blah. Like all that stuff. So that's happening on one side of, of the, of the production site, right? But then on the other side, Kenya is like, no, I felt threatened.


I'm not trying to hear that. And maybe that's why Kenya reacted the way she did in this episode because what she ended up doing, because the network, you know, honestly got to a point where the network did re retaliate after these last two, not retaliate, the network did react after these last two episodes. But instead of Brittany who mentioned having the pistol or whatever, doing anything Emini here, anything happening with her, they decided to let Kenya go. They let Kenya go because Kenya during the spot salon opening after Brittany walks out 'cause she's annoyed that Brittany even comes there. So Brittany walks out and Kenya starts showing these like poster presentations.


The first, there's three of them. The first one she shows, it's like every single time she brings out one it gets worse and worse. First one she shows it is her talking about, you know, who is this girl who, who was Brittany because you know, she's I guess had a lot of plastic surgery to her face allegedly. And you know, those type of things. So there's all of the photos of the before and after type of vibe. Then the second one it is like, you know, I I'm, there must be photos of Brittany and like these alleged music videos and Kenya's like, oh, she was a video hoe. See I was a video girl, this is Kenya. I was a video girl, I got paid for the videos, I was a video vixen. And we know, like we've seen Kenya in like Jay-Z's videos and stuff like that. But she basically was saying like, girl, you was low budget, like you can't sit with me, I'm the queen.


Period. Then the third poster, baby Kenya brings out this poster with this girl and these photos of this girl on there. Y'all know that this girl's on there, she was putting a man's private part in her mouth. And again, all of this we knew about because it was such a big deal because basically the network looked at this as Kenya releasing revenge porn, which is a crime. And they had to fire, not fire, they had to suspend Kenya for the rest of the season. So after this episode, she no longer filmed whatsoever. Now after, so I I I've been reporting on this a ton, a whole ton. And when it first came out, Kenya like really played as if she, I don't know, like it was weird.


It was almost like as if she was saying she didn't do or didn't like she was posting things like believe half of what you see and none of what you hear or something like that. Like kind of giving it up like, like maybe the story might have been spun not to her benefit in the wrong way that made her look, you know, craz or made this situation look crazier than it was after watching this. There's no way around what she chose to do. Like even in the episode Portia walks out, a lot of the girls walk out 'cause they're like, yo, bro, you took it too far and she's doing it at the spot opening. It's like you in here talking about you built this for your daughter, this is something for you to pass down to your daughter and blah blah blah. And then you do this here. And she's saying that like, you know, she felt threatened. She felt like somebody was coming for her trying to take food outta her daughter's mouth. It was a bit much for me.


I'm not even gonna lie to y'all. It was a bit much for me. Andy Cohen has come out and reacted to it and Kenya was not happy about that. Kenya had a very lengthy message for Andy Cohen in response to what he had to say. And the fact that there is a whole, there's a whole justice for Kenya movement happening right now from the real households of Atlanta fans. They feel like Kenya was unjustly suspended and there's other people who feel like, you know, even if she was gonna be suspended, there should have been more action taken against Britney because this was a reaction to something. But we are gonna talk about that nugget. We are gonna talk about Andy Coleen's response and whether that was right or wrong on The Breakfast Club. But back to what we're talking about here, I think it was too much. I do, I I I get it, I get the antics of the show.


I understand, you know, how the antics rub up your character, rub up your, you know, your positioning on the show and you know, you got the peach and you're the OG girl whether you don't have the peach or not or like, you know, I understand all of that stuff, but I just think at this point Kenya has been doing this for a really long time. I think that one of the things that Kenya should know by now is that you gotta protect the brand by any means. And I think she thought she was protecting the brand by being the person that like came out on top and like, you know what Emini here, like I'm gonna go low because you went low, I'm gonna go lower. But it didn't make her look good like I was watching it and I'm like, it's not even giving like clap back. Oh you did that Kenya, it is giving girl you look dumb as hell Kenya, let that girl trick her out her spot.


Hate that for Kenya. But what's done is done. I do think that there should have been something, And I don't know if there was like conversations behind the scenes or what, but like I do think it's weird that somebody can mention they got a pistol after you just got done arguing with them and like just carry on about their business. That that is kind crazy. A hundred percent. That is crazy. Y'all let me know how y'all feel. If y'all have been following this situation with Kenya Moore and Brittany from the Real Housewives of Atlanta, do you feel like Kenya should have been suspended indefinitely for the rest of the season? They, they haven't said that she can't come back, but there has been no announcement about her coming back. Y'all do Emini here. I know I want her back, but do y'all think she's gonna actually wanna come back? Because there's also the conversation now spiraling that, you know, that candy has started and about the network just not protecting their stars.


Normally my girl can twirl on Twi on twirl and you know what? Emini here clock it. But that was, that was a really big misstep on her part. It just doesn't look good. It doesn't read well off of the show. I wonder how it has affected her off of the show with like brand deals and endorsements and things of that nature. Yeah, so y'all let me know what y'all think. All right, so second story. We now are gonna go to Lizzo. So Lizzo has been, you know, moving around. She's been sitting down with different people having conversations about her recent weight loss. She lost a ton of weight. If y'all have not seen Lizzo in recent, I would say like recent weeks, it's been like a couple months now, but in recent weeks, please go take a look at Lizzo.


She looks amazing. But one of the biggest things that she's been having conversations about, you know, when it comes to like change and, and things and how they've affected her life differently, the, the changes is her mental and how she dealt with her mental health after wanting to commit suicide and things just being in a very dark place for her. So she was on the J Shetty podcast. I love this podcast by the way. I feel like they sit and they have really in depth conversations And I watched the conversation in full. I do think that there are parts of it where I was like, okay, Lizzo girl. And earlier when I watched it, I used the word insufferable. I was like, a little bit of this was like, all right girl. But I think it's because maybe I'm hearing her tell the same stories multiple times over and over and over.


I don't know. But what I could appreciate, let's talk about that. What I could appreciate from this conversation was the honesty. And she got really honest about, okay, so she retold the story about when she was out in LA at the concert, and this was right after all that lawsuit stuff had Joline, you know, her employees claimed that she was like a horrible boss and that she'd allegedly been calling people fat and just being really evil and nasty toward the people that were working with her. And I remember when that lawsuit dropped, she had spoke, I think she released like one statement, but she didn't really say much and you didn't really see her like nothing like at all. And Lizzo was so hot, like Lizzo was everywhere with that damn flute and that twerk everywhere.


Big brands all over her. Like, you know what Emini here performing all the time. And it was like, everything kind of just like simmer down and she kind of went away. And then it got to a point where she started posting things that were very dark on Instagram. Like, and it happened a couple times where she would post things and it would make people be like, yo, is she all right? Like she talking about she won't be here no more type vibes. Like, what's going on? And you just knew she wasn't okay. She talked about during that time, just she had already scheduled because that's just how business works. When you're in music, there's a time when you're really, really, really, really on and you're going, you're going, you're performing, the music is out, you're press, you're pressed, and then there's a time where you gotta make the music to then make the money to go, go, go to perform, to do the press, to, you know what, Emini here.


So she was in her phase of like, I'm taking a step back, I'm going, I'm, I'm secluded myself. We making the music and then all of the lawsuit allegation things dropped. So she had already decided to kind of go, you know, outta the country, a little MIA, all those things. But I think that it made it look crazier, even though, to be honest with you, if I'm being real honest And I I've been doing this for a while, when allegations and stuff come out against people, you kind of know and you get the sense when people are like not gonna be able to recover from it fully. I didn't think that Lizzo was completely done. I did think that it was gonna be difficult for her to come back out of it because she was gonna have to address it.


And again, Lizzo was the fun, bubbly, flute twerking friend. I never realized that at no point in Liz Zoe's career am I ever seeing her sit down and do hard interviews. Not in like a controversial, The World doesn't like you. So now you got some on this podcast and, and bury your soul. You know what Emini here and feed the media different things so that you can rebut headlines. Never that. So I, I just didn't know how she would come up on the other side of that because of the way that her brand had been set up. And when she was on Jay Shetty, she said the reason why she had gotten in such that dark space was because the brand that I'm telling y'all about, the way that I just explained how I looked at her, where everything was basically so curated, so perfect, so jolly, so fun.


So music, it was a caricature. And when that lawsuit happened and she didn't have the friends that she thought she had around her and a lot of people she loved around her were not good people and things were happening, she couldn't live in that character anymore because now it doesn't work. Because now you have all these claims. True or not, they're allegations, but now they're out there and people want answers. People wanna know like, yo, what's going on? And this really, please go listen to Lizzo on Jay Shetty podcast. It was a really good conversation. She said she didn't know what to do at that point because she could not be the character anymore. So it forced her to really take the time to go away and to figure out who the hell she was. And that is my prayer.


Every single day I did an interview with Carlos King, make sure you guys go and check out that interview with me and Carlos King. It is now live on his YouTube channel. But I said that in my interview and, and that's, I felt as though when she said this, like how every day I pray to God, like, yo, just keep me doing the work. Like I don't wanna get caught up in the the to Lauren la Rosa. Like it's, it's 'cause it's not that for me, for me it's like, yo, this is work. I take it serious. This is how I feed myself. This is how I'm able to help my family. It's cool. I love storytelling. It's a passion. You know what Emini here, it's a god given gift and a passion to be able to, to do what I'm doing and tell stories. But I don't ever wanna do it through a character.


Like I wanna just really be out here, Emini here a little guarded, a bit like I'm learning how to, you know, what Emini here, like keep a couple things to myself, but give y'all me for real. And, and, and, and intertwine the work and still be able to like, keep going off of that. Because when you lose a character, like you lose everything. I don't want that. And that's what happened with Lizzo. And Lizzo says that like during that time, because it was so dark for her. She, she was, she was dark and other people saw that there's no way that other people didn't see that. She talked about social media and how social media, like really, you know what Emini here, you, you start to have this, these thoughts to be yourself based on what other people are saying. That's social media. You know what Emini here stuff is his, that's a whole different beast of its own.


Like she says, there were days where she was like, girl, just kill yourself. Won't nobody care. They hate you right now Anyway. So she had to really build herself back up away from Lizzo with the flute. And the music's a really great conversation. Please go take a watch. It's on the Jade Shetty podcast. Yeah, let me know what resonates with you guys from that. I enjoyed the conversation And I hope you guys have enjoyed this conversation. I'm Lauren LA again. At the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about. So every time y'all join me here, right on here, right here, right here, every single time, I'm always thrilled. I always appreciate you guys. I'm your homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, and I'll see you in my next episode.