
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends, we know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


All right, so Sexy Red responds to allegations about her health. So a man who is reportedly sexy Red's baby father, he shared a recording of a phone call with a woman that he's claiming to be sexy red. Why you lying? Do all your know what's going on with you? Do you tell him burning or do you lie to him like you did me? Or did you or did you or you lying to the how you did me? Everybody getting burned. I don't give a or you lying. Or did you lie to me? You lying. The truth. What, sir? And when you gonna keep it gangster? Who are you? The who are you? The last one. Shoot. That's what you did. You lied to me for six months and then you told me what at that shit. I hope you got aids. Dang. Hold Up now. I don't know who that is, but I would say sexy red.


If it was her, she was just promoting her lip gloss line because she has one called Yellow Discharge and gonorrhea. That's smart. That's really good. But the fact that it was a phone call, we can't confirm whether it was her or not, but she did decide to share some posts addressing the situation. She said, y'all wanna know why I don't care? Number one, it's not true. Two, y'all believe anything on this app. Sexy said that when she came up here too, she said, I ain't clearing ish up. Whatever MF told you. Believe it. I don't, I literally don't give a f. So that's that man, that's crazy. But it, before that, like a couple days ago, it was a picture, it was a picture going around. I I can't find it no more. But it was the picture and she was in the picture with the dude and, and he's, he's sitting, she's sitting in front of him and that's like alleged supposed to be the alleged baby fall or whatever.


Yeah, but we don't know. Moving on Javonte Davis says he's retiring. So during the press conference to promote the fight against Roach, Roach, Jr. Javonte spoke on the future of his career. How do you envision 2025 playing out for you? 25 is after next year. I'm out of it after our second fight. You're out of it? Yeah. Could to elaborate on that Out of the sport after our second fight, know I'm gonna win bro. Nah, I could tell you my fights X and Javonte to elaborate. It's crazy. That's that's Wild.


Tank can't retire after. No. Yeah, he used to. I mean that Shakur Stevenson is still out there. Fuma Lopez is still out there. Yeah, Devin Haney is still out there. Chenko is still out there. He said He would fight Ryan again though. I mean, he did Say that he's only 30. He makes what? 30 million to fight. He might just be like, You know what? I don't, I want, I don't want my head banged up. No better. Good. I'm good. Yeah, But you still gotta go out there. And I mean we there, there's there's still great fights to make. And I mean. Yeah. I, I love Tank. I Tank think Tank is dope, but there's great competition he has not been in the ring with yet. Like those people I just named. Like you don't wanna just walk away. You wanna walk away being the best. But also he might wanna walk away where he's not stuttering. He doesn't have any problems. He doesn't have any health issues Because You don't care about what you wanna see. He cares about his himself Not fighting the people he fighting.


He ain't gotta worry about no health issues fighting the people he fighting. Right. Tank ain't cleaning them up. They ain't gotta worry about the health issues now. But you get into those, the ring with the people. I'm talking about Sha Stevens and the Tema Lopez and Devin Haneys. That could be a little different. The Chenko. Yeah. That's what we wanna see. Okay, Well let's fight against Roach will happen next year, March 1st. And I'm gonna be in the building. Better believe that. 'cause Tank is Baltimore's own. Are they fighting in Baltimore? They fighting You Know. No, they not fighting in Baltimore. But I'm saying he's Baltimore's own. So I'm going Yeah. And, I I don't think Take making that $30 million in the fight. It said he makes around 30 million a fight. And when I just Googled it, 30 million. That's what it says. That's a lot. That seems, that seems like that. That's Canelo numbers I'm playing with my man. Like he not worth 30 million Take You don't, I'm not saying he's not worth it. I'm just saying I don't know if he's getting that yet.


Well Tommy, Maybe not I don't know. But that's what it said when I Googled it quickly. Yeah. Tommy Davidson and Jamie Fox. So Tommy has sat down with Big Tigger on the morning show and he talked about how complicated his relationship was, but the way he talked about it, right. Well do we got audio? 'cause it's a couple audios. How many of you got one? All right, cool. So yeah, basically played audio. You once said that Jamie Foxx was mean to you. Yeah, that's the one. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It's true. He was mean to y'all. Well, You know we got along on in Living Color. Okay. But when I came to the set on on Booty Call, he was a whole nother dude. Boy really mean. Like what bro? Like while a whole movie saying my own lines, You know.


'cause when you're off camera you gotta say your lines. He wouldn't say 'em. Oh, so wouldn't So I memorize his part and my part You know. But y'all were Just on in living color. This is what I'm saying. So it was, it was a, it was a, it was a new, new New Zoo review. Oh wow. So have y'all talked since then? I haven't seen him. You have not seen him? I haven't seen him. You checked on him when he Okay. I tried to. Okay. I tried to, but No response or No response. And I Love Tommy Davidson, Louis Tommy. That's, that was a wild sentence though. I know. What, which one I came to the set of Booty Call. It was a whole, it was a whole other man. It was a movie. It wasn't the booty I was expecting boot. Yeah. So it basically just seemed like You know Jamie was hazing him or whatever. He never, he did say in that same interview it was, there's no real issues.


He don't have no issues with him. And then you heard him just say he did check on him, but there was no response. So what I've, after he put this in his book, his booker came out in 2020. So he has talked about this before in his memoir called, called Living in Color. But he just, it just resurfaced when he did the interview. I Wonder where that came from. 'cause anybody that knows Jamie's career, he's always been the nicest person ever. Like the nicest, funniest person. The the guy that's the life of the party. I've never, I've never seen him be mean to Anybody. Well, everybody's experience with people is different. True. And and that was a long, long, long time Ago. That was young. He was younger. Exactly younger. So yeah, we have no idea. But I know Booty Call is the one of the funniest movies to me. So I love it. That's just for the mess. All Right. Thank you Jess. And I. Yes. I was right about the moose knuckle when you was in here screaming about showing off your moose knuckle when you was rapping in Gorilla.


Yeah, it's a slang term for the visible outline of a man's genitalia. Really? Yes, through the clothing. So I thought it was just like another camel Towel. The women is camel tail. But I mean man, unless y'all flipping the definition, unless y'all taking it, which y'all probably, who? Who Is y'all? Women You was in here rapping it going crazy. That's the lyric doing that. What's that thing y'all young girl doing? What the hell is that? Y'all beating on an invisible partner with your hand way up here. So what? Okay, whatever. That's glow. That's glow. I ain't I Alright Elle, I don't have a moose knuckle camera guitar. I guess I don't know it may. She coulda said that for the context of Just R me. It'd be so funny watching girls do that dance because it look like they fighting each other from across the room. So one of 'em be over here.


That gonna be over hit? Nuh, I be killing. It is not like that. It is like this. Like, oh my goodness. See what I'm saying? Whatever. Whatever. My goodness. All right, well that is just with the mess. Now let's get to the people's choice mix. Today is Jay-Z's birthday is ho's birthday. Hey, let's get some ho on and it makes sense. The Breakfast. Club. Come morning. How old is he? Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club. You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice.


'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break. The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your peoples, it's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon.


Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks. Welcome to The World of B'S ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. And now they're $50 off until December 29th. They even made Oprah's favorite things gift guide for 2024. Picture this a walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Act fast to shop Bose's holiday deals at bose.com/iheart.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games all for free.


Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and can.