
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Let's get, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You that Lucy, you know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren La Rosa and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I'm your homegirl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. And as y'all know, the latest with Lauren La Rosa is where you get your daily dig on all things pop culture and the conversations that shake the room. Now for the Lowriders, that's the, you know, y'all who have been here know what's going on. Y'all already know how we start this, the check-in Back on the grind, Grinding.


Because I like to tell people, like, listen, when you grinding, you sticking and moving. People don't stop and check in on you, but you need it. And, and to be fair, most of the time we don't even give off the vibes that we need that check-in though. Like, I'm not even gonna hold y'all. I know for me, I'm always looking like it's cool, I figure it out and I'm never stopping to be like, well, how do I feel? Am I okay? So I do it here. I make a point to do it here. So, checking in today, I am feeling rested and I'm feeling full. I had an amazing Mother's Day weekend with my family. It's been a while since I've actually gotten to go back to my hometown Delaware and just like sit still with my family. We did a lot of nothing good. Nothing though. We watched a bunch of TV together.


We went and sat in the park, we ate. I let my grandma cuss me out because she said, I don't come home enough, like all of the things. But it made me feel so good. And I remember at one point this weekend, I literally was just sitting and looking at my mom and my grandmother and I'm like, man, I love them so much, but they are not getting any younger yo, like, just in the time that I've seen them last, 'cause I've been bringing them, you know, to me here in New York. But it, it's just, it's different being home in their home and they're comfortable. So much has changed and you know, we're having conversations about different things and you know, mother's Day is, you know, one day to really like love on your people and appreciate people. But this weekend I was like, I'm so grateful that I get to do that every day. 'cause everybody doesn't get that.


Everybody's mom is not still here. And this actually, this feeling actually brings me to the latest and you know, what our, our subject matter is today. So over the weekend I've been seeing so many people posting about Mother's Day weekend and what they're doing for Mother's Day weekend. And you know, just sending like all the love and energy to their moms, their grandmothers. I saw so many people posting for the first time 'cause it was their first Mother's Day. And I love to see stuff like that. I'm really big on family if y'all can't tell, but one post that really, really kind of like, man, I couldn't get over it. I was like, man, this is so messed up. Was Wendy Williams.


So the real Wendy Williams online, this is the Instagram that Wendy Williams has been using, or, you know, team family, people in connection with her have been using since she left the Wendy Williams show. Now for background, when Wendy Williams left the Wendy Williams show, there was was that Wendy Instagram handle that they took and they turned into the Sherry Shepherd Show Instagram handle. And then Wendy created the real Wendy Williams online. Now, the first thing I did was I reached out to her attorney, Joe Ena, because I wanted to verify that this Instagram is still one that is used by her. Because as we know, when I say by her, I don't really mean Wendy Williams because Wendy ain't got no phone. Wendy can't get on the internet. Wendy only has a phone and she can call you.


You can't call her and a a a TV in a small room. She's in what she alleges and calls a luxury prison here in New York because of this conservatorship. But her team members are able to get on this account. And I just wanted to make sure that these are the right team members. These are not some randoms that still have access. And from what I'm told, this post Yes, was made by team members that are actually in recent content with Wendy Content, contact with Wendy, and helping Wendy to figure out how she regains a lot of her freedoms from this conservatorship. Now, the post was a video. It's not anything of Wendy, not a photo of Wendy, of any of her family. It was just like a random, kind of like a, a Hallmark card. And it said, happy Mother's Day from Wendy.


The caption says, happy Mother's Day to all moms. We'd also like to take this time to say thank you, thank you is in all caps to each and every one of you who have gotten behind exposing this horrific situation. Every prayer, every like, every comment, every video, every signature on our petitions, Wendy thinks you, that was in all caps. We ask for your continued alliance as we continue to push forward with actions, updates coming soon. Hashtag Happy Mother's Day, hashtag Wendy Williams, hashtag free Wendy. Now, the reason why this messed me up is because I just began thinking about the fact that if, if Wendy's not posting her family, you know, she didn't post anything or even mention her son. And I know she's had some up and downs with her son, but she made it very clear the last time she talked to us here on Breakfast Club, that her son is still her son.


No matter what has happened or what will happen. The fact that she didn't mention spending Mother's Day with her son or any of her family, it broke my heart because I knew that that probably meant she was sitting in her room doing nothing. And I'm sitting here looking at my grandmother and my mother, and I'm thinking about how I don't get this time back with them. And you know, I'm almost feeling a little guilty like, man, I gotta take more time. You know, things have gotten busier and you know, but I'm grateful to even be able to just drive two hours and not have to fly in from LA anymore. But it broke my heart because I started thinking about what Wendy is not experiencing right now, and her family do not get the experience. And it made me reach out to her attorney. So I reached out to Joe Tech Aina And I, I said, Hey, happy Sunday. I saw that Wendy Williams online Instagram post, and it made me wonder what was Wendy actually able to do today or not?


Did she get to even enjoy her Mother's Day? Question mark and how she's doing. How is she doing? I just wanted to check in. He responded and said she was in her room all day. She didn't see anyone on Mother's Day at all, but she's still in good spirits. It's ridiculous though. So I, you know, just responded, you know, and said, Hey, like, this is sad. Why didn't she get to see anybody though? Did she not request to go see any of her family? Did her family not request to come see her? Was it denied? Did she, you know, did she just rather be by herself because of circumstances right now? He responded and said her family is all in Florida and she couldn't go. And I said instantly, why couldn't she go though? They, and when I say they, I'm talking about the conservatorship, the conservatorship said, and for background that if Wendy Williams wants to see her family, she could see her family.


They can request to come and see her in New York. She can request to go and see them in Florida, for example, y'all remember she went to go see her dad and Florida for his birthday and she was very emotional because she didn't know if she would be able to go see her dad. But she went to go see him. She requested it, they approved it, she went, there were procedures that she had to take. You know what Emini here, like she had to go with security and her attorney was there with her. But Emini here, she's Wendy Williams. She's not gonna just up and travel by herself Anyway, so those, you know, having to take those extra precautions and procedures is what she's used to. She's been famous my whole life at this point. So that, that couldn't have been an issue. And then I asked, and separately, why didn't anyone travel up to see her if she couldn't travel?


I say to the attorney in my text, I'm asking these questions because the conservatorship made it to be such a point that the family could be accommodated at any time by, you know, all these ways that we just talked about, whether they're coming to see her or she's going to see them. I asked Plain and simple, is that no longer an available option for her? His only response was, and this is Wendy's attorney, after I asked, why couldn't she go see them? Why couldn't they come see her? And is that not a priority for the conservatorship anymore? I was told they say one thing and they do another. Now, I did follow back up asking more questions because I wanted to specifically know what that meant and, and why this came about because you guys know, it's been really quiet on the Wendy forefront because the last time Wendy was in court, the judge made it very clear that she needed to stop talking to media, her niece and everybody needed to stop talking to the media.


The judge had been very upset about some of the things that Wendy had claimed when she, you know, did different interviews like with us here at The Breakfast Club and, and the TMZ documentary and all these places. So it was very clear what was gonna happen from that point, you know, that things were gonna be gagged to the point where no one could talk to the media. Joe Taina is different though because he is not involved at this time in her conservatorship. He is her personal attorney, so he is able to speak and, and he has done so, you know, when needed. But yeah, he, he didn't respond. That was where he left it at. I will follow back up though because I, I do wanna understand, you know, why like, it is just messed up to me.


And I think about this too. I never in a million years thought that this is how I would be. Speaking of Wendy Williams, I don't care if you love her, if you don't love her, if you agree with how she lived her life and did her career, or if you don't agree with that. I never in a million years thought that this is how we would be having a conversation about her. The fact that, you know, know she's, you know, in this conservatorship in this room, not able to go do this and go do that. And we're literally checking in on her as if, you know, she's not competent or not able to make decisions or as she alleges in a luxury prison, you know, not able to make her own decisions at all. It's just sad to see man, especially when I'm sitting there in real time, like as a person, not even as a journalist, but as a person.


It hit me. 'cause I'm like, man, I don't know if I, what I would do if my mother, you know, in her older age who has had some health things go down. I can't spend Mother's Day with her. What if this is their, what if this is the last chance that she gets to spend Mother's Day with someone? It messed me up, y'all. I'm not even gonna lie. But, you know, on, on a brighter front, he did say that she was in good spirits, which I think is really important in a situation like this because, you know, mentally I think when we've heard her speak and break down and cry, you could tell that she hasn't always been mentally in the best space. So I'm glad to hear that she's at least, you know, keeping up the hopes that they're gonna fight the good fight. I'll be bringing you guys all of those updates here as they are prevalent and, you know, available to me.


Thank you guys for tuning in so much. I tell y'all every single episode And I really mean it at the end of the day. There is so much to talk about and you guys could be anywhere with any body talking about it. I appreciate y'all for being right here with me. Lowriders, tell a friend to tell a friend. Come on over and join the gang Gang. I'm Lauren La This is the latest with Lauren la And I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.