The Home Depot (0s):
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.

Diet Coke (31s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

AT&T (1m 1s):
What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail

Nissan (1m 33s):
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.

State Farm (2m 8s):
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.

3 (2m 37s):
Wake that ass up early

0 (2m 38s):
In

2 (2m 38s):
The

0 (2m 39s):
Morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club with ticking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We were talking about this woman who hosted Thanksgiving dinner at her crib. She said last year it cost her over $500 and she couldn't afford it. So this year she did spaghetti. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts on that? What you think Jeff?

4 (3m 4s):
I know some people probably got, they like, is this a baby shower? Like You know. 'cause spaghetti, baby spaghetti. People were mad. They

0 (3m 9s):
Could have expected a

4 (3m 10s):
Spread. I get it. This the thing. I would've been mad I she could've told them before they got there, to be honest with you. I mean 'cause maybe she did not have it. Yo. Like to be honest, spaghetti that's a struggle. That was a struggle meal. Like growing up for around my way You. know what I'm saying? And And I felt, I felt like if she didn't have it, she just didn't have it. Why didn't y'all bring food? Or she could, but she could have told them that before they got there. Only thing y'all gonna be eating the spaghetti. Like if y'all can pitch in and help me cook or help me buy stuff, that's better. But

5 (3m 39s):
I never looked at spaghetti as a sru meal. I looked at it as a, as a delicacy. Okay, nice. That was a gourmet meal with, with two pieces of white bread and some corn.

4 (3m 47s):
Shit. What? Then it's not spaghetti no more. That sounds different.

5 (3m 49s):
No, like spaghetti and then some corn on the side. You. know what I'm saying? Corn is the side of some white bread. But we, well

4 (3m 54s):
We were struggling so we didn't have the corn. We just had, hey

0 (3m 56s):
Yellow corn and spaghetti. We

4 (3m 58s):
Just had the, the noodles and we didn't had ground beef.

5 (3m 60s):
Now noodles and butter, we just had the noodles. This noodles and butter is a struggle meal. But if you got the noodles, the sauce with the ground beef and the sauce and some white branded corn. Oh that's a full cooked

0 (4m 8s):
Meal. See I don't eat red sauce so I eat spaghetti with butter. That's what I like. Oh wow. That's, that's what I like. I don. I don't eat spaghetti. I don't eat lasagna with little butter. I'm good. Okay. As a kid

4 (4m 18s):
Y'all was struggling

0 (4m 19s):
Hard. No, we wasn't struggling. I just didnt like dress.

4 (4m 20s):
Oh, that's just what y'all like.

0 (4m 22s):
He not

4 (4m 22s):
Black dude either.

5 (4m 24s):
Better. Oh my goodness. You keep forgetting that he's, that he's not

0 (4m 27s):
Black. I am black. No. Funny. I'm supposed to picked to my dad. They was like, you must be adopted. No, I'm,

4 (4m 31s):
That's messed up.

5 (4m 32s):
I'm no, you might be adopter.

0 (4m 34s):
I'm not adopter. I'm black. He might be. They

4 (4m 36s):
Ain't telling you yo.

5 (4m 37s):
They not telling you

0 (4m 39s):
I'm black. He's

5 (4m 40s):
Not like us. He's not like

0 (4m 43s):
I'm about to sue you. Hey, about I about you defamation. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Good morning. Hello. Hey. What's up man?

6 (4m 54s):
What's going on? I ain't even know y'all had connecting man. Good morning. Going to teach to the God. What's going on King?

5 (4m 58s):
Peace King. How are you? How you feeling?

6 (5m 0s):
Peace please. I'm good bro. I'm good man. Man, where Lauren at man?

0 (5m 5s):
She where she at? She

5 (5m 6s):
Flowing around here

6 (5m 7s):
Man. Shout out to Lord man. That's my girl. I was enjoying her man. But look right, what's up? Light skinned. Peace, peace. Peace but light. Tell 'em keep their ass home man. Keep their ass

0 (5m 22s):
You mean If they're not grateful and they're not thankful, keep their ass home.

6 (5m 24s):
You not keep your ass home, man. That's how I look at it man. Family is everything. I think you coming over to celebrate family. Give thanks all praises, You. know what I mean? You can't contribute. You don't like to forget to keep your ass home. Man. That's simple.

0 (5m 38s):
I'm with you. It's about family. Forget all the food stuff. The fact that you got family alive and healthy and together. That's the most important thing.

5 (5m 45s):
Not I don on things.

6 (5m 47s):
What

5 (5m 47s):
You mean given the most important thing is the food, but You know

0 (5m 51s):
Family together. The

5 (5m 53s):
Food sexually. But you should eat. That ain't true y'all. Y'all don't, y'all don't wanna sit around standing in each other's face. Face starving. Alright. Y'all don't like each other that much. But I do feel like you should have cook what you can afford. Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? You don't gotta jump out the window. And in this

0 (6m 5s):
Case, that's what she did. That's right Brittany.

5 (6m 8s):
At least you Turkey ground beef for Thanksgiving. Good morning. My Turkey ground meat. Jesus.

0 (6m 12s):
I hate that. Good morning Brittany. What's your thoughts?

6 (6m 15s):
My thoughts is to walk in on Thanksgiving and to see spaghetti. That's kind of disrespectful. If she needed help, she could have asked someone to bring a dish. Everybody understand that times is hard. But to sit up there and to just serve spaghetti and to not even give the option to offer to help. Yeah. If I walk in and call spaghetti on Thanksgiving, I'm knocking it over because what is

0 (6m 35s):
This? Oh, now we fighting in the house. You know, knock my mama my my mama spaghetti. But now we fighting. We fighting,

6 (6m 40s):
We we not fighting nothing. I'm knocking it over because you should have asked for help. It's, it's about being thankful. It's a family thing. We all could have contributed and came together. Don't just take it upon yourself to ruin everyone's thanksgiving because you broke. She

0 (6m 52s):
A stu damn. Yeah, she definitely a stud. You a stud. You

5 (6m 55s):
A stu.

6 (6m 55s):
I'm definitely not. I have my going deeper raspy. Y'all got a lot of nerve trying to sit for me.

5 (7m 1s):
Do you see, you see them just identifying you as a stud for no damn reason.

0 (7m 6s):
Don't that

6 (7m 7s):
Nobody, y'all just try to sit for me. I live in Detroit. We got snow. It's like 23 degrees. I got a cold. I'm not a, I'm not a stu. I I'm just a stick with a little raspy voice.

0 (7m 18s):
Hey you. It's hard. My bad. Yo, you right. You right,

5 (7m 20s):
Right. That what you get for profiling people. I know you right

0 (7m 23s):
Said I'm a sick, I'm in Detroit. Brittany

5 (7m 25s):
Labeling people my out here. My bad. Okay.

0 (7m 28s):
She was just so aggressive and

5 (7m 29s):
You just assumed she got in her back breakfast, said I was

0 (7m 32s):
Gay and they said I was the man. One You know

6 (7m 35s):
Thanksgiving, I, I'm, I'm naturally aggressive but Thanksgiving is my favorite. So to disrespect one of my favorites. It, it's gotta go there. I

0 (7m 43s):
Feel you. My bad. I feel you. The phone ain't even hang up on it. See I don aggressive.

5 (7m 45s):
Thanksgiving is one of our favorites 'cause we like food and we like fellowship. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's the reason it ain't because of, I don't even know what the hell Thanksgiving. I don't know what the meeting of Thanksgiving

0 (7m 55s):
Is. I don't know either. But I love the fact that family come over, we watch the game. We play cards. We play board games. That's what it's about. Who cares about the food? Yeah. 800. No,

5 (8m 3s):
The food is the most important thing next to the family. I'm saying who cares about the food? Because if you didn't care about the food you'd have your family on. You

0 (8m 10s):
Wouldn't go nobody out. Yeah, you wouldn't go over there. What the hell was you talking about? 805 8 5 1 0 5 with a magic on a Thanksgiving dinner. And when you get there, it's only spaghetti. How you feeling? Let's talk. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I

5 (8m 21s):
Don't know if it is it Turkey and the spaghetti Turkey. It's a ground Turkey ground. Ground Turkey.

0 (8m 24s):
Don't know. It just look like spaghetti. Spaghetti. We'll talk. That's the breakfast. Go. Good

5 (8m 27s):
Morning.

0 (8m 35s):
Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about this woman who said she wasn't paying for Thanksgiving dinner anymore. She said last year was over $500. She couldn't afford it. So this year she did spaghetti. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? We got the pre on the line Dupree. Good morning.

6 (8m 57s):
What up breakfast bud?

0 (8m 58s):
Yo, good morning

6 (8m 60s):
Man. This is Dupree from one on basket. Man. We are not doing spaghetti at the Thanksgiving dinner table. The pilgrims was not eating spaghetti. Man, we throwing it away.

0 (9m 9s):
Damn.

4 (9m 9s):
Not damn. You just gonna wait. She already broke. You gonna waste the food that she struggled to buy. No,

6 (9m 14s):
I, no, we we we can help out now. We can help out you. You just gotta say something. We can help out. But we is not baked beans and spaghetti at Thanksgiving. Nah bro, you messing up the whole menu bro. We need the hem, we need the collard greens. We need the yams, the candy yams at that. You better put some marshal

5 (9m 32s):
Love candy in. Yeah. You.

4 (9m 33s):
Know what I'm saying? I agree with you

6 (9m 34s):
Biscuit. Yeah, no, they messing up the whole

4 (9m 37s):
They should have said something. Yeah. She just should have said something. Now if, if she do, you have at least a little bit of understanding toward the fact that that's the only thing that she could afford. Afford.

6 (9m 48s):
Yeah. She And I mean and, and she can afford something different You. know what I mean? Bring some fruit You. know what I mean? Yeah, we you still need some fruit. But the but the, forget it. Yeah. Nah, nah. You trying to do something quick and easy. We need you to get in the kitchen. Okay. Get the kitchen. Okay. I appreciate y'all though. Thank you.

0 (10m 4s):
Thank you. Hello, who's this?

8 (10m 7s):
Hey, this is Bobby from South Carolina. How are you? Hey Bobby.

0 (10m 10s):
Good morning Carolina. Good morning.

5 (10m 11s):
What part of South Carolina are you calling from?

8 (10m 14s):
North corner

5 (10m 15s):
And boy three. What's happening? I was there last week.

8 (10m 19s):
I know I missed it but I know. Great job.

4 (10m 23s):
So what you thinking? Well

0 (10m 24s):
Talk to us.

8 (10m 26s):
So I'm just applauding her for bringing the family together. Had we have known, I would've brought the garlic bread. Somebody that could have brought meatballs or something. I don't know. But the fact that she did that and her family was together, that's all that counts. Yeah. But like y'all saying, nobody eating Turkey. Nobody eating a ham. So too many leftovers. You know what she had to do

5 (10m 46s):
Now she family. You absolutely right. Why did it didn't do a potluck? Yeah. Why we ain't, I just thought about that. Why they didn't do a potluck? Everybody, everybody bring a little dish. Right. I

4 (10m 55s):
Literally said that. You did say that like the last 10 minutes. You

5 (10m 57s):
Did. Oh you said potluck? Yeah.

4 (10m 59s):
Well no I didn't say those words And I'm like why

0 (11m 0s):
You said like 10 minutes ago?

4 (11m 1s):
Yep. Brian, like why they just all bring food. Like that's dumb. Hello?

0 (11m 6s):
Who's this?

6 (11m 7s):
This Lamar.

0 (11m 8s):
Lamar. What's up? Where you calling from?

6 (11m 11s):
I'm calling from Jersey. Alright,

0 (11m 13s):
Talk to us.

6 (11m 14s):
Yeah. Be honest with you. Like if there's no food, if different ways you could look at this. If she cooked the spaghettis from scratch, I'm kind of good with that. Mm. You know what I mean? If she gave me like raviolis or anything like that, then I'm gonna have to ask questions like, are you being funny? Yeah. You know what I mean? Or maybe you being creative. I don't know. You know there's starving out there. I don know You. know what I'm saying? But at the end of the day, she got some food on the table. That's right. That's right. And and it's, and it's about being thankful for the fact that she got food on the table. That's right.

0 (11m 50s):
I'm

6 (11m 50s):
With you You. know what I'm saying? And Christmas is coming up so that like You know November Thanksgiving's like the buffer. Yeah. You don't wanna spend too much money on that, that holiday.

0 (11m 59s):
I'm with you. We gotta

6 (11m 59s):
Save all that for Christmas.

0 (12m 1s):
You gotta get the gifts for Christmas for the kids. You

5 (12m 2s):
Right. I

6 (12m 3s):
Do want you. You feel me? So it's like I'm good. I'm not spending that bread. I'm spending the bread for Christmas.

5 (12m 10s):
I do wonder why she didn't tell her the rest of the family though. She spent $500 the previous year and she didn't have it to spend this year. Why not just say that? Yeah. Why not just tell the folks like, hey man, You know things tight. The cost of everything is up. That's the only thing. So y'all gonna have to chip in or y'all gonna have to bring your own dishes. If we gonna have Thanksgiving dinner, she

4 (12m 26s):
Should have said something. 'cause I ain't gonna lie if I walk in the house, And, I only see spaghetti. I'm like yo, damn. I had my mouth set on Turkey wings and all that. Like and you only got spaghetti. So, and and they must go to her house every year. Right. Like she must be the one that always hosts. But she ain't have it this year. Imagine

0 (12m 42s):
If that's a mother-in-law though. You go to your mother-in-law's house, you walk in and it's spaghetti. Damn.

5 (12m 46s):
And also too, now you realizing why those Turkey drives and those food drives exist. That people be ignored is why they mean so much during this time of year. 'cause people don't be having

0 (12m 55s):
All, well let's go to one more caller. Hello. Who's this

9 (12m 58s):
Aisha from? Gracetown, North Carolina.

0 (12m 60s):
Hey, hey Aisha from North Carolina. How you feeling?

9 (13m 3s):
I'm great. I just got for work.

0 (13m 5s):
Good. Now what's your thoughts? Now you get to, you get to the house and there's only spaghetti there. How, what you, how you feeling?

9 (13m 11s):
So yes, I'll be upset, but at the same time, yes, groceries do cost money and, and if you really want me to cook that bad, then just pitch in. Everybody You know family coming over, gimme about 30, 50 bucks per family and I'll make something happen.

0 (13m 26s):
That's right. Alright, well thank you. I

4 (13m 28s):
Agree.

9 (13m 29s):
You welcome. Have a good morning. You

0 (13m 31s):
Too. Now what's the moral of the story

4 (13m 33s):
Man? Do what you can, but definitely look out for your family. Help your family. You feel me? Don't, don't, don't be upset about, don't get too upset about it. Like you said, in my opinion, Thanksgiving is about coming together. You know, like you said the fellowship. I take both of what y'all said and put it together. Yeah. It's about food, it's about the fellowship, it's about the family and what you're most grateful and thankful for. You feel

5 (13m 57s):
Me? And if you don't have gratitude, like if you go to somebody house and you, you like, oh, so you gotta spaghetti. Yeah. And you turning your nose up at it, you missing the whole reason for the season. Yeah, that's right. Isn't it about gratitude and giving thanks

0 (14m 7s):
And. I. And not only that and that's why You know in this time of the season, it's always a blessing to be able to give back. And that's why those Turkey drives those food drives where people get those foods. I know a lot of times they be like, oh they just doing a Turkey drive. But as you can see that, that is well needed at times where people can't afford it. So if you can make sure you do give back or even if you just can just go to those events and, and be a a volunteer as well. And we got Justin the mess coming up. It's

5 (14m 32s):
Lou DE Bt too, man.

4 (14m 34s):
Yeah. Nah, for real and

5 (14m 36s):
For

4 (14m 36s):
Real. But also, no, the murder story is they coulda went to Golden Corre this shit. They

0 (14m 41s):
On

4 (14m 41s):
Thanksgiving. Yeah, this year they did this, their first time doing that where they had Thanksgiving dinner and it was like discounted crazy words like Turkey yas, everything. Like traditional Thanksgiving soul food. They had that. So if somebody come to my house, oh yeah, you only got spaghetti here, take your down the street

0 (14m 57s):
Play picture because how how much you think a play cost four. Yeah, because they got everything there. They got the yams, they Turkey discount, they got ham, they got mac

4 (15m 3s):
Cheese and could've. And you could take it to go. You coulda took it to go. You took to go. You could've sit there. I mean you didn't have to sit there if you didn't want to, but you coulda took it to go. Yep. Commercials was all over the place for that.

5 (15m 13s):
Wake that ass up early in the morning. The,

10 (15m 15s):
Breakfast, Club.

Amazon (15m 20s):
The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.

Diet Coke (16m 1s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

Bose (16m 31s):
Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open. Airbus are stylish. The color the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bows.com for mole.

Saks.com (17m 0s):
There's joy to be had and finding the perfect gifts for the ones you love. And sax dot com's holiday gift guide can make it easy whether it's surprising your hard to shop for sister with a Chloe bracelet bag or gifting your partner a memorable scent from Gucci that matches their personality. Sax dot com's handpicked guide can help take the stress out of the holidays, like adding instant here to your home with bright decor or giving yourself some comfort by bundling up in a scarf coat from te find gifts guaranteed to bring joy to everyone. This season@sacks.com

Amazon (17m 31s):
With millions of books on Amazon, there's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa, when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.