
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


See, I come from the school of Tupac. I'm, you don't wanna watch me. I'm not your average. I wanna ask you a question real Quick. Let's just keep a real straight shot with no Jason. I'm gonna get a little bit rougher. I'm here for it. Those who really believed in the American process, all of us Straight Shot, No Chaser with your girl. Tson Figaro on the Black Effect Podcast Network. What's up everybody? Tinsel Figaro Straight Shot, No Chaser Black Effect Podcast Network on iHeartRadio. I am here joined with Jade Harrell. Hello Jade. How are you? Hey. Hey, I'm here. We are here after The election. I'm still alive.


You know, ain't After the Election, after the inauguration, rather. Yeah. Yeah. I I know y'all thought as soon as it was, you know, going the, the election happened that I guess you're saying you wasn't gonna make it. But no, we're still here. We're still alive. Like the ancestors have survived slavery. The ancestors have have survived sharecropping, the ancestors have survived Mass incarceration General, you will be okay. You will be okay. But that does not mean, does not mean that you do not have a responsibility to make sure you get involved. And we're gonna get into that in a moment. I wanted to invite our family in our live audience in to listen to this.


If you want to be a part of the show, the Live Straight Shot, No Chaser show. Definitely seeing an invite and we are happy to take your call and see your thoughts on this week. But let's get to it. Jade, let's talk about, obviously Trump was inaugurated this week. I wanna kind of throw something out there because on social media, a lot of you were saying, oh, I can't believe you know that it was on Martin Luther King Day. Can't believe it was on Martin Luther King Day. They did it on purpose. It's a big conspiracy. I wanna throw out a quick fact that it is always on January 20th. It just happened to fall on Martin Luther King Day and it fell on Martin Luther King Day for Clinton as well during his inauguration.


So wasn't some big conspiracy theory to put it on King Day. It it, that's the way it's traditionally is and it just happens. It's very few times that it actually falls on a Monday, I think last year. But last inauguration, president Biden the 20th fell on a Wednesday. So it is always the 20th and it just happened to fall on a Monday. So let's stop, you know, making up. We don't have to make up conspiracies guys 'cause there's enough foolishness that's happening in real time. We have enough of, I can't believe that's happening. Is this really true enough of that is happening that we don't even have to make it up, Jade. We really don't. We, we can really just deal with the facts. We don't have to come up with conspiracy theories.


There's enough foolishness going on. So as we know, after the, immediately after the inauguration, a part of the inauguration program, which is what I was telling people about on my Instagram live, this was not your typical inauguration program. You had the not even close, you had the inauguration, you had the parade, you had him stopping in the middle of the parade, if you will, I guess before, right before the parade, signing executive orders, making several speeches outside of his typical speech on the inauguration about policies that he was planning to implement. You had other folks that were getting up, you know, speaking as you see the, the Elon Musk, you know, those things that are trending.


And then you had him going to the White House and furthering the conversation and also, you know, signing executive orders. So Jay, before we get into some of these executive orders, I want to direct everybody's attention to my Instagram to look at a video I posted this week, just kind of explaining. And I'm gonna explain that here today on why I am concerned of this new movement of, I'm not, I'm tapping out, you know, I'm, I'm not going to pay attention. I'm not gonna help Trump with the ratings. They gonna fuck around and find out I'm sitting back, you know, eating my popcorn. And I get all of that. I get the frustration, I get the, the idea that you think you're helping, you know, that ratings is somehow plays a role into the presidency because Trump is an an entertainer.


So I get that Jade, but I just wanna remind people he is not, you're, you're not helping him be renewed for a season. This is not another season on Love and Hip hop. If the ratings don't do well on Inauguration Day, somehow he won't be the president. This is the president of the United States. Over 200 executive orders, 200, 200 executive orders were put in place. And if I were to ask most of the people who have major platforms on social media, if they knew of 10, if they could really explain 10 executive orders in detail, I'm not sure Jade, everybody would know. Now I know my Instagram family, you know, they, some of them appreciate what I had to say. And some of 'em say, you know, Tesla, I gotta take my breaks.


I'm exhausted. I I can only consume so much. Or I wanna be able to catch the clips on and watch it on, in, on, on the back end. Let me let you know, one of the things that Trump did in case, 'cause I know y'all not paying attention 'cause y'all think y'all sticking it to Trump by not paying attention. One of the things that we just found out, literally Trump invested, I think, was it 500 billion in ai? Yes, $500 billion in ai. He also, one of the other things that he reversed Jade, was removing the protection, if you will, from the, the AI making sure Joe Biden put a policy in place to basically make sure to keep AI safe, to have some type of rule or, you know, some, some guidelines to not people just being able to do whatever the hell they wanna do.


I don dunno if you've been seen those videos that they use Denzel Washington's voice or somebody else's voice on these relationship. Have you seen those? Yeah. Yeah. It is weird Emini here and it really looks, it's weird as hell. It looks real, you know, and they, and they use these AI voices to make it seem like it's coming from, it's a, it's one that pops up all the time in my feed. 50 cent also Denzel Washington. And although the messages are great, they're not coming from these people. But there are people in our society, particularly mental illness as y'all keep talking about, mental health, mental health, mental health. There are people that really struggle with mental illness. Guys that really believe that this is Denzel or 50 cent and, and those things can be manipulated. So when you guys are talking about, I'll just catch it on the clip.


I'll just watch it later. I'll just see what they're circulating. I want to remind you that catching it on the clip may not be the clip. Yes, this is true. It may not be the clip. So real time involvement is important because if LA was not paying attention in real time, Jay, how would they have known to evacuate the premises in real time? They wouldn't have never known. So paying attention, you're not sticking it to anybody. Oh, all he care about is ratings. All this or that. This man is the president you need, if nothing else, be able to know what is happening so that you can try to protect yourself.


And I know there is this thing out here, Jade of it. Ain't nothing I can do about it. What can we do about it? Well, you can get involved in the local and state level. Right now, I believe there's over 22, I believe you can pull it up as I'm talking Jay. 'cause I know we looked at that information. I think it's 22 state attorneys who are now suing President Trump based upon the, in, in birthright citizenship. So there are ways there, There are 22 yeah. State's attorneys, well that, that includes 20, at least 20 states, 20 states up to this point and two cities that are suing for the birthright citizenship. So yes, there's state states attorneys are involved, but that just goes to show how important elected office is and having the right people in office to represent you and your interests.


Yeah, Specific, specifically state attorney. Let's, let's talk about that while we're there. Why state attorney was so important. Marilyn Mosley, who was the former state attorney for Maryland, they begged and begged and begged on hands and knees to pardon her and Joe Biden said, get somebody else to do it. So again, and, and Marilyn Moser believes her position is because she was a state attorney that fought for social justice and the Freddie Gray matter and all of that. She believe she was targeted. So again, state attorneys are important. Why, why are state attorneys important? Keith Ellison was a state attorney. The George Floyd matter, the Chauvin, the Derek Chauvin case had Keith Ellison not been the state attorney.


He would've, I don't believe that that case would've been a conviction because he went outside of his hometown and brought in legal experts and attorneys and everybody else to actually prosecute that case. He brought in a special attorney to prosecute that case. So state attorneys are important, and this is why guys, you have to pay attention to what's going on or it's going to be knocking at your doorstep whether you like it or not. Not watching Instagram. It's not gonna make a difference of these policies changing. Going in the comments saying what do y'all want from the store and somebody else saying this imaginary store that y'all keep going to, and somebody else, oh, give me some cookies and as if this person really can get you some. I know y'all think it's clever. Wait, wait, wait.


Can you explain that for me? I don't know if I've seen that. Oh, You haven't seen that Jade? No, it's just an Instagram thing because I'm not usually over there. Yeah, you love being in the Twitter world. Well, on Instagram, when somebody makes a post that they don't like or they're not not interested in, somebody will go in the comments and say, anyway, what do y'all want from the store? You know, what do y'all, what do y'all, I'm going to seven 11. Do anybody want something? Or they'll say, I'm going to Starbucks. Do anybody want something? And then 150 people will comment under that, give me back a latte grande light on the whip. Give me this, give me that. They really think they sticking it to 'em when they do that. Number one, guys, if you, if you are trying to prove a point to the poster of saying, why did you post that?


Lemme, can I do it in my Joe Biden whisper? You are still engaging when you go ask what somebody want from the store. So if you're trying to prove a point of, I'm gonna show the poster that I don't like this content, you are still helping them by engaging on the post, by asking what do you want from this imaginary store? So guys, we gotta get out of this. I'm just gonna go ahead Nate, let's get out this silly shit. And let's start really focusing on what is happening in this country. This, I'm gonna get a passport, I'm gonna get dual citizenship. Knock it off. You were here, you were born here. Your ancestors fight for you to be here.


You need to figure out how to get involved on local and state level. I've been giving you tools and tips every po every episode of what you can do to protect yourself. But if you just don't wanna fight, Just say that. But don't try to convince other people, oh, I'm so exhausted. Oh I gotta protect my mental health. Oh, I did. Oh I did. Well the ancestors would never, ain't nobody stringing you up by no trees. Ain't nobody telling you can't drink out no water fountain. Ain't nobody giving you no 150 lashes. Ain't nobody, you ain't went through nothing. And the ancestors went through exactly. Went through nothing the ancestors went through. So this exhaustion and this, I need to be in bubble wrap 24 hours a day. But you got all day to consume a foolishness on Instagram.


Comedy skids, relationship 50 50. Who gonna be 50 50? Who ain't gonna be 50 50 a reality show. You got time to do all of that. But somehow you don't have time to at least swipe one or two things that actually will affect your daily life. Knock it off. I'm not going for Jade. I don't wanna hear it. Somebody in my comments. Well, TES, that's why you fighting fuss. I guess that was supposed to make me feel good. No, you want me to do all the work is basically what you're saying. And when you guys come in my comments with that. Oh exactly. Pop the balloon. That's another y'all got time to watch Pop the balloon. You got time to watch. And when people come in my comments and say, y'all, y'all just need to take a break, a mental break and then five people come under.


That's right. Mental break. Mental break. They were waiting on you to give them the okay for them to sit down. It's just like Thanksgiving when you go to somebody's house on Thanksgiving and you, you know how y'all do it. Y'all pretend to act like you fixing to clean up. Come on Jay. We know how they do it. Remember you be like, oh, you need some help. And you waiting on them to say, oh don't worry about it Jay, have a cj. Exactly, exactly. You be like, oh, for real. You sure? But then you notice, you sit your ass down. I noticed you ain't running nobody over to help clean up them, to wash them dishes. Okay. Because you were just waiting on, oh, you just waiting on your aunt to say, I got it girl, don't worry about it. You sure you got it? Steady sitting down crossing your legs. So a lot of y'all are just looking for excuses and confirmation to say, oh Jay, don't worry about it.


Take your mental health breaks. You need, it's exhausting while you sleep, they up while you not working, they working while you not paying attention. They paying attention. If nothing else, you need to know what's literally going to affect you in real time. This man set up at the, at the, at the desk all day long and damn near all night, signing executive orders As if, as if it was an NBA draft, As if as if it was a BA draft Emini. Here Was the entire spectacle that was made of this. Usually the president, they move the, the presidential inaugural parade from outside because of the weather conditions in DC to inside of the capitol arena on the day of inauguration on.


And Trump had a, a table and some pens and executive orders right there. And as soon as the marching band marching bands finished marching, bless their hearts, he went over and started signing. Shout out to Mississippi Valley. Yeah, shout out to Mississippi Valley. They definitely did their thing. They are a wonderful band. It was over a hundred of them. They did a wonderful job and they, right after they performed, Trump went right over and started signing executive orders. And he made it known he had his, his assistant or chief of staff read off each executive order that he was signing right there and exactly what that executive order was to do. And then went back to the Oval Office and signed more executive orders in the presence of a, of the press.


So he literally had a press conference, teslin in the Oval Office after a long day of inaugural events and took questions from reporters, rapid fire questions as he signed more executive orders. So over 200 executive orders were signed on day one within hours of President Trump being re inaugurated. In addition to that, we learned today or this week that over, I think the number was 308 illegal immigrants, or now the government is saying, revert back to the language of a illegal alien that is per a directive from Trump.


We can talk about that too. Yeah, But now lemme quickly, Eight people were deported that day on day. Okay, so before we get into the, into the, and thank you Jay for that. Shout out to Shonda comments in building saying, you know, I pulled her card. She was definitely disengaged. Somebody else asked, was the arena full? It don't matter if one person was in the arena. Did you hear what I said? I said, 200 executive orders were signed. Jade 200. So what are we talking about Arenas? And then another thing y'all talking about Instagram, I'm just going to just lay a bunch of stuff out. Ooh, y'all. Now, now, now everybody. Oh man, they, they, okay, let me also give you another myth that they got y'all on a hysteria about if you already were following the president or the vice president, you're still following the president and the vice president on Instagram and Twitter, just so you know.


Okay, got you. Yeah, because People are saying that they mysteriously woke up and Yeah, and maybe they, maybe they did. I don't know. Maybe they did. But I, but I did. But I do want you to know, maybe there is some mysterious thing going on in the background. Maybe they did. But I do want you to know that if you're following the office, somebody say the office, the office president of the United States, no matter who's in that office, you're still following the office. Just so we're clear, if you follow the vice president, you're still following. If you're following the president, you're still following. Now maybe they did go in and play some games. IGI guess, but can I give you some breaking news, Jade? Yeah. On why even, why are we even talk? Who gives a damn what they're not doing policy based on who I see again, so many, so much people put so much stock into this damn social media that they actually think following means something.


I saw a post today. Oh they done did this. Y'all buckle up. Oh y'all, it's getting real now. It got real yesterday with the 200 executive orders. Yeah, Instagram didn't make it. You following somebody on Twitter And Instagram didn't make it more real than what it was. It's already getting real. You already was supposed to buckle up. You already fucked around and found out even if you didn't fuck around, you found, you found out yesterday. If you did not find, find out. It means because you weren't paying attention. And the clips and the news articles, just so you guys don't know, they only put, took a fraction of those. And y'all can miss me with this. I went to the website and looked it up. First of all, me and Jade know you lying 'cause V and Jade was watching it in real time all day and they were putting it up in real time throughout the day and throughout the evening.


So don't come lying to the teacher and and say, well I looked at it Eric. Yeah, you look at it Jade, when we was looking at it all through the night, All night long into the morning and then all of The now do you think now, do you think, I believe they was looking at it all through the night. Some people ma'am, oh Tesla, don't get on. Don't jump on my ca girl, you better lead a a dog ate my homework foolishness at home. I ain't buying it. Jade, you didn't go back and look at no website and read through it and do all of that. You just did not like me convicting you. Or you don't wanna keep it real like Shonda and say, you know what, I was disengaged but now I gotta get back in the game. Just keep it real. Like Shonda don't sit in here and play no games with me about no how you win and looked it up later and all that.


You coulda looked it up later because it wasn't, it wasn't all the way completed and they're still uploading right now as we speak. That's right. And all the clips that y'all allegedly watched, it was only a few of those. Jade, the the top ones. It wasn't every single executive, every single executive order, every single action. This is correct.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


This is a 24 hour initiative in terms of keeping up with everything that's happening, especially with this new administration. So even when you think you've consumed some information, it is never enough information because things are breaking and new things are happening all the time. Literally all the time. Yes. And I get it. I'm not asking people Jade to watch all the time. I'm not watch, I'm not expecting you to all of a sudden say, Hey, I'm gonna be the chief political correspondent for my home And I'm gonna watch. I'm not asking you to do that, Jake. What I'm saying is I want this PR campaign of disengagement to stop. And it's coming from a lot of, from people that have bigger platforms.


To me, I want the the, the PR campaign of, well I'm just, hey, this is what they voted for. We know this is what they voted for. Jade, they wanted this. You're not showing anybody any, they wanted this. Absolutely. Including the Hispanics Saw some videos today. Did the Hispanics know he at the border? Yes. The the legal Hispanics that voted for the illegal Hispanics. They wanted this guys, I broke all this down to you on, on social media. Yeah, but they gonna be hurt too, right? But our community's gonna be hurt first. Not as far as immigration is concerned. But you know what I'm talking about. I'm talking about on any of these policies. When America's sick, we get a cold.


I don't know why you guys think that somehow because you did not vote for Trump, you don't support Trump that you're gonna be exempt from the same laws. If the tariffs raise up the cost of goods, you're, you too. Jay will have to pay for the cost of goods. It's not gonna be you and the line at the grocery store and the person in front of you, Hey, did you vote for Trump? Oh okay, your total is fuck around and find out oj your total is this. No, everybody has the same total. So you are going to find out even if you fucked around, yeah, even if You messed around, didn't vote for Trump and you worked for the government, the federal government, you will have to report to work in person whether you like it or not.


There's just some, Let me give some of the distinction on that. 'cause my friend the worst federal government, I I I know he feel it way, but he wants everybody to know that the policy also said that it is up to the office discretion. Okay? Meaning actual department discretion. And it doesn't apply to contractors. A lot of contractors who work for the federal government. So there is some gray area in that, but yeah, but the point is, jade gray areas, I just wanted, so you guys understand gray areas might be gray now, but they can become crystal clear, black and white as we move forward. Absolutely. I'm saying, let me give you a real time example. Remember when smoking, you could smoke anywhere, any restaurant, any whatever.


Remember how it went from smoking in the restaurant to then it went from you can smoke outside, then it went from you can't smoke, but 25 feet in front of the, the, the location, whether the restaurant, hospital, whatever. Then it went to no smoking at all on the whole block. So, And I'm, I'm being facetious when I say that, but no smoking at all anywhere. These laws, they put these things out to test the water to go up, to go a little bit further, to push a little bit further. So although now you're you, you're able to say, oh well that really don't apply to me because this or this or that. It will be moving towards you to apply to you.


So if you are doing nothing to stop it now, like contacting your state attorney. 'cause remember republicans love state laws. Remember everything's about state laws. So getting involved with your state rep, not congress, your state rep, your state senator, not your US senator, Senator, not your US Congress, but your state senator, your state rep, your mayors and your commissioners. You literally can create your own America in your city. It's very, very important Jade that people understand this federal law in the, for the most part trumps everything. But not really Jade. Not in all.


I'll give you an example, a real time example, okay? Minimum wage, what I think it's 7 25, you know the minimum wage, but there's been some cities, I think Orlando did it at one point. But some cities that say, 'cause we pulled that so we can, we consumed so much information. Some cities that say the minimum wage for the city of Orlando or the city of Atlanta will be $15 an hour, meaning their government employee, they can't tell you what private employers to do. But they can, they can set the, the mandate for their city. And what typically happens with that is if the, if the city of Atlanta employs a hundred thousand people for the city and they say that the minimum wage is $15 an hour, private businesses tend to tend to not guaranteed, tend to follow that in order to remain competitive.


Absolutely. In order to remain competitive. Yes. And the federal minimum wage as you cited as of 2024 is $7 and 25 cents per hour. So I hope, I hope people are finding these little tidbits are helpful, Jade. 'cause a lot of people, they are hopeless. I don't know what to do, what do I do next? Please make sure you always stay tapped into the podcast. It's so much information stay tapped into my Instagram live. I go live all of the time, sometimes three, four times a day where I'm constantly trying to give you information because these are the kind of things that I want you to know where to find your hope. But I also want you to find your faith, your works, your hope, all of that. It's not about just sitting back being hopeful.


This is why I relocated to Atlanta so I can be in a, i I wanna be in a city that is like South Fulton, 96% black with my black mayor, with my black network, with my black podcast network with my black self so I can push black issues because that's what's comfortable to me. I'm not saying everybody need to relocate to Atlanta. It's not what I'm saying. I'm sure Atlanta people will tell you to stay where you are 'cause they're full. But my point is, getting involved in your local, you know, your local area does, does make a difference. Getting involved, having access to your mayor, the director of constituent services popped in on my live earlier today. Those things make a difference. Those things make a difference.


And so with that said, I do wanna mention we, I'm excited about the Te Figaro Town Hall tour that is coming up. The first one will be March 30th in Atlanta at my brother Killer Mike's restaurant. Bankhead Seafood, the town hall. Yeah, it's gonna be lit. The town hall will include, you know, I got the Galvanize people around having a good time. That's just what it is. So the town hall will have some type of special performance, whether that's a comedian or a band or something just to enjoy, give you some free shots because this is Straight Shot, No Chaser. You know, have some conversation. Really organize who in this city is ready to get busy and come back to my training for the push the line training so I can train you on these things on being candidates, organizers and operatives.


Because Jade, I'm not gonna sit back and say everybody else what they doing, what they doing. No, we, as you know Jade, I've been trying to get pushed the line back out here we did a couple years ago in Atlanta and I've been trying to figure out a way to get it back on the road and this is the way we can do it by mixing it in with some type of social, something so people can gather and, and, and we can break bread together and know who we are and then bring those same folks back and get our training going. So I'm very excited about that. Two dates are already locked in Atlanta and then Houston. So I'm very excited about that. So before we close the show, before we close the show, explain to the people the de a couple of these things.


We don't have much time, but I just wanna explain, I want you to explain just a couple things on the DEI programs because guys, one thing that you guys keep talking about, there's a misconception of this, it only held white people. Somebody said that in my comments earlier. Oh this is not about just hiring people on affirmative action guys. DEI programs funded many, many, many, many jade black businesses and organizations. Absolutely. And it and it made other organizations sports their hand 'cause they damn show didn't wanna do it. Like you saw with Walmart. With Walmart saying we no longer have to adhere to diversity, which means we no longer have to adhere to black vendors who say they want a piece of the pie.


Absolutely. So I don't know where people are getting this information with this. This is about, I don't know, maybe y'all hearing that and some of these little fake political commentators that be out there running they damn mouth. That's exactly What it's Okay. Well that's the thing my Speculating on social media. So there, but again, when you receive your information third hand as opposed to going to the source of doing the research for yourself and or watching the news, then it's easy to get mixed up. So President Trump has issued, well he signed executive, an exec executive order ending all DEI programs. So let's just be clear of what DEI stands for. These are all diversity, equity, and inclusion programs within the federal government.


So these orders rescind a range of previous initiatives that were designed to promote diversity across federal agencies and to also mandate the like funding, like the, to stop the funding for all of those programs. Okay, now let, let me tap in here because I wanna make sure that people understand this. Remember just a moment ago I said when a city decides to change their minimum wage, most private businesses follow? Yes, you gotta follow this very closely. Although this is saying federal DEI programs. J do you remember when Walmart made the announcement that they're no longer following D-E-D-E-I programs? Remember? Yes, it was about a couple of months ago.


A few others. I just remember Walmart really sticking out. Walmart is not a federal program, it's not a federal go agency if you will, but Walmart, by them having diversity and equity programs, this is why I want y'all to know who understand this. When these companies say we want federal tax breaks or federal resources or grants or any type of benefit for hiring under diversity, equity, and inclusion, which by the way is not just about race, it's about those are disabled. Many, many things follow under this guys. So when they say, yeah, when they say, oh we don't have to worry about getting that tax credit anymore, we don't have to worry about getting that grant anymore.


Or it may not even be for tax credit or grant, it may just be because they just wanna be a good steward and make sure they align themselves with what everybody else is doing in order to remain competitive. If any of you ever remember, if you go to a job and they'll say, you know, we participate in diversity and equity and cl you know how you always at the end, you know, mark off if you're black woman, veteran, disabled, all of that because they wanna show, hey we, we are we, we take pride in, you know, hiring everybody from across the board. We also wanna, it's always voluntary for you to fill it out. I always tell people to fill it out because they wanna be able to basically have a good report card that they're doing the right thing, that they're hiring the right people.


That same report card, report card goes guys to when they also are trying to get contracts. You know, when they wanna go to the city of Orlando and get a contract to provide all of the food service, all of that, a part of those bids. I know I had a contract at Orlando, the city of Orlando. I was a staff, a staffing firm, city of Orlando for three years at the Amway Center. A part of that is being able to say, well how do you partner with other diversity, other diverse groups? Is it just you spion getting all the money or do you share some of that with a black-owned firm or a woman-owned firm or diversity firm, whatever you wanna call it. But for people who are just talking and saying that only help white people, they literally don't know what they're talking about.


They don't, they dunno what they're talking about. It's really sad because at the end of those forms, you know, when you even apply for a job, it would say we are an equal opportunity employer. And so those numbers and metrics that you're talking about will go to prove, you know, how many applicants or people they hire that fall within that bracket or you know, that benefit from these DEI programs so that companies and the government can provide equal opportunities for housing, equal opportunities for employment, et cetera in different programs. And let me give another real time example 'cause receipts are important. Real time examples so you can know I'm not just pulling this up outta my As. 'cause most of the people you're listening to on a lot of these YouTube have never did this type of work.


So they really truly don't know what they're talking about. Real time example, the Ally group, my staffing firm, we got some people say you should just get it based on merit. I did get the contract based on merit J And I wanna be clear, I went and partnered with Spion who was the third largest staff firm in The World because I had already worked for the first and the fifth largest stabbing firm in The World. A deco and Robert half. So I had the experience to get the contract, I got the contract before I got certified as a minority owned business, as a woman owned business at a, as a veteran owned business. I got the contract, let me say it again, based upon merit, yes. But I later applied for those certifications with the state of Florida and the city of Orlando because I knew that it would keep me more competitive because it made Spion look good to know that they could check those boxes.


I am not a white woman. Now you may say, well that just benefited you, let's go deeper into the word. Because I was the boss. I was able to hire people that otherwise would not have been hired. In fact, ion once asked me, Hey, can you just show us all your applications and everybody? And I said no we're not gonna do that. You know why I didn't do that Jay? I was hiring people on probation. I was hiring people with criminal backgrounds. I was hiring people with who lived in shelters. I didn't want these people in our business. Excellent because I knew that if they hired, I knew that if Theo Johnson, who always talks about this story publicly, if he had hi applied to work at the city of Orlando, they never wouldn't have hired Theo Johnson because of his background.


I wanted to give Theo Johnson an opportunity and because I was the boss, I got to do that. And because of those DEI programs that y'all say don't benefit nobody, you literally don't know what you're talking about. I was able to hire 150 people around The clock, 300 on my payroll, 150 people working every night from every background. And a lot of those people were people that Spion would have never hired. Wow. And and, and to go further so you guys can have real receipts if you go Google Tesla Figaro assist the bench, you'll see the real article, the real news story. At that time when I challenged the NBA for being when they had their lockout in 2011 And I went to the city of Orlando and said, we gotta figure out a way to still employ, to give these people the lease a meal or vouchers to not to be able to pay their bills.


How are they gonna do that? And I remember making the choice. This is why when I be hearing people talk about they got the choice, they didn't have no choice. I don't blame 'em. I don't wanna be hearing to Jade because I've had to make some tough choices too. And I remember the NBA when we had the NBA All Star. I remembered it so well. This is how bad Spion wanted to know. 'cause they knew I had people with felons working for me. They knew that. But we worked so flawlessly they could never get us on anything on our quality. But they knew it and they tried it when it was time to work for the NBA 'cause, the NBA wanna run everybody through vetting for the Allstar. They want everybody we, they want everybody's background. They wanna know who working for you, not working for you. I remember that very clear. They were like, Tesla, we know you normally don't tell us who's working for you.


You know, they knew my employees but I just didn't share their employee information. They said, but if you wanna do the NBA All-Star contract then we need to know and all your employees, nice try Robbie. Nice try Robbie. That was his name. Not happening. What I did was I went and got a side deal with the NBA myself. Love it. Got a side deal with the NBA myself. The NBA tried it. They tried to pay less than what they, they just left Houston. No, y'all pay hu they 'cause guys, if you ain't never been in these business room, they don't know what they talking about. But you know I'm giving y'all real time as I'm not bragging, I'm ly telling you how it works. The NBA tried it, they said Well 'cause at the time minimum wage was 7 25 just like it is now.


This is 2011 guys. They said well we're gonna pay your staff 7 25. I said, well why would you do that when you pay Houston $10 an hour? Well that was Houston. Houston no, but you're gonna pay because it was Houston year before that. Pay them what you pay in Houston. Just because it's 7 25 here don't mean they can't make an extra $3. So I went and negotiated a deal directly with the NBA. The NBA by the way, the reason why, you know why I'm pretty sure I got that contract? D-E-I-D-E-I programs wanting to make sure that the MBA was partnering with minority firms. And because I was certified, I didn't wanna go with my regular contract with Furion. I went and got a deal directly with the MBA to do the, we did the events that were not in the arena.


So we did Magic Johnson had a dinner, several other little events that was going on outside of that that did not require the security clearance. Okay. So those are the things that these non employers who just be talking and feeding y'all information don't know if they're talking about, I'm not saying that to Bo Jade, I'm saying there is information that you guys just need to know that you need to know. And if you are not tapped in and if you're just sitting back and eating popcorn and watching, these are the things that are that that you need to know so that you can know how to navigate policy in your city.


Peace of the planet, Charlemagne, the God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners' manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Tell us quickly about the end birthright citizenship. Birthright citizenship. According to the Trump administration, President Trump signed an executive order that terminated birthright citizenship, which altered a constitutional provision since the 14th Amendment of ratification in 1868. So this change that he made targets approximately 1.3 million US born adults living with undocumented immigrant parents. And we got those numbers from the Pew Research Center. So basically the birthright citizenship says that they're this executive order, they're ending the H one B visas.


And just saying that if your children, if you are undocumented and you have children in the United States, you your child is no longer automatically a US citizen. Now I wanna do this, I wanna give this quickly on behalf of the Good sis attorney, Ebony k Williams Holding Court podcast. This is very important guys, because right now, the way it's written right now, what Trump, Trump is saying right now, it's about Jamal and your Paul. But attorneys and and juris people that actually study the law, they are concerned about this because they know that this is a slippery slope. Now, I'm not telling you, you gotta be concerned. Don't sit up and tell me. Well telling you must be advocating for the immigrant.


I'm giving you the information. Do what it is, what you will. The 14th amendment that also made the descendants of slaves, actual citizens, 'cause they said, you're not citizens. This is what attorneys who study the law are concerned about. When you look at how this can possibly be a slippery slope and change, remember how a moment ago when I talked about those gray areas that eventually become black and white? So attorneys and people who are concerned about this, who are not just talking about first generation, second generation immigrants, there are people who are concerned about this being rolled back all the way to anybody that comes from ancestors who were not born in this country.


So right now you like, oh, I'm cool, my mama and my daddy was born here, my grandparents are born here, my great great grandparents, I can go back to my lineage a hundred years, da da da. I just want you to know where the legal community is standing on this. The legal community is saying they're keeping an eye on this because of the possibility of it becoming something more than what it is. So I just wanna give y'all that information. Do what it, what you will. Yes, this Is correct. And just really quickly, I want to clarify something. So the order denies citizenship to children who are born in the us If they have parents on temporary visas such as tourist visas, student visas, or H one B work visas. Or if one parent is a non-US citizen, this does not state that they're going to end the H one B work visas.


However, that is a conversation that we probably need to follow up on when we have more information because there is discourse politically about ending H one B visas for work for workers who are coming from abroad or whether those will be limited in the future. So wanted to give that just on behalf of my good girlfriend, 'cause she was, you know, we were talking about that today. Keep an eye on that. We also, what the name of the new, the re the re affirmation of the binary gender recognition. What is the actual name of that, Jade? Because I know I sent it to you earlier. You sent Earlier amongst so many other things. Yeah, amongst So many other things, Orders pulled up.


But it, it's just, it's, It's, so the name of it is very interesting because it's talking about basically women. Let's why, why you're looking it up. It's, It's says defending women from gender, ideology, extremism, and restoring biological truth to the federal government. So say that again. So you said it very fast. The name of the actual executive order is Defending women from gender ideology, extremism and Restoring Biological Truth to the federal government. Very interesting title. So this thing, this particular executive order is saying there'll be no more of this. You know how you get emails of him, he, you know, CI, cisgender, all of that, again, according to the federal government, doesn't mean that in your workplace, in your workplace, that there still will not be recognition of different genders.


If people wanna have all gender bathrooms in their workplace, in the club, in the restaurant, they still have the right to do it. This is about federal and federal documents like passport visas, government IDs, all of that. So we just government IDs. So we're gonna see how that, again, remember we talk about state, remember we talk about state rights. So I'm gonna, we're gonna pay attention and see how that works. Your state, your state decides you live in the state of Georgia, how that's gonna fall on your driver's license. So again, we're talking about federal, we're talking about state. This is a lot of information. Guys took concern. We can't go through it all in one night. That's why when somebody telling me I paid attention, I saw it all, you couldn't have possibly saw it all because it is literally too much to consume.


Literally,


I hope you guys stay tapped in to the Black Effect Podcast Network. I drop content every Thursday. Please share it. If you have been following me for years and you still saying Tesla, you need a show that tell me you really don't follow me because I literally have had a podcast on the Black Panther podcast Network on iHeart. You can get it anywhere that you subscribe to your podcast content like clockwork every Thursday. I do not miss, I'm going into my fifth year with Black Effects over 250 episodes. Jade, I have given information only on politics in our community. Never moving outside of that. You guys know if you follow me, I throw in some relationship talk. You know I have some fun, but I only talk about one thing. I'm not all over the place. So at least have me in your podcast follow list just to look at the title. Just click and follow and subscribe. Y'all already told me y'all need breaks and mental health and rest and all that. I get it, but at least if nothing else, click follow guys. So you can look at the title and be able to say, okay, is this something that I need to know about? Because the people that are working against you, just so you know, they listen to AM Radio, turn on your AM Station. You know how y'all say don't nobody listen to the radio. Well, they actually do. They actually do. All of the AM talk radio stations are conservative, all of them. I don't wanna say all 'cause I wanna do absolute, but the majority of them, Jade, are conservative. They listen on their commute in, after that, they listen to their podcasts and their earphones. They, they're not scrolling, looking at videos and comedy and all of that. They listen in their ear. Then after that, they go home and they watch Fox News for the rest of the evening. Then between all of that, they go to truth social 'cause because Trump didn't wait on Twitter to give him his his. Remember how he got off Twitter? They put him off till Elon Musk got it. Twitter, Trump said, I'll go start my own Twitter. So they're getting their information from Trump Social all day. Now Facebook has said, you know what? Let everybody say what they wanna say. No more fact checking. Elon bought Twitter. Don't worry about it. We'll call an ex and let everybody say what they wanna say. So they are in a 24 hour digital discipline of consuming, consuming, consuming, consuming. Ain't nobody saying they exhausted. Ain't nobody saying they need a mental break. Ain't nobody saying it's too much information. And that is exactly why right now, Trump has the House and the Senate and the presidency who he could have pushed a lot of stuff through Congress. No, he said, I'm gonna do it day one, executive orders. And y'all ain't got to like it, but he's doing exactly what he told his base he was gonna do. So if you wanna know how to get your elected officials to do exactly what the hell you tell them to do, I suggest you get involved in the process. Thank you so much, Jade, for being, for tapping in with me. Again, Straight Shot, No Chaser. Guys, subscribe wherever you get your podcast on iHeartRadio, the Black Effect Podcast Network. We'll see you next week. Peace. Peace. If you like what you heard on Straight Shot, No Chaser, please subscribe and drop a five star review and tell a friend. Straight Shot, No Chaser is a production of the Black Effect Podcast network and iHeartRadio. I'm Tesson Figueroa and I'd like to thank our producer, editor mixer, Dwayne Crawford and our executive producer Charlemagne Ne. God. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. Life is an act of constant revention that's true for you and for cars.


Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information. Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations.


Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. At t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply.


Visit att.com/guarantee for details.