
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This midsize SUV is designed for epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


They're Taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, Right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not. Presidents, vice presidents. That's funny. Another Day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of Black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said, black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I. Approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


You're ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


From the School of Tupac. I wanna ask you a question real quick. Let's just keep it real straight shot with no chase because I'm gonna get a little bit rough here. I'm here for it. Those who really believed in the American process, all of us. Straight, Shot, No Chaser with your girl t Firo on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Alright, what's happen everybody? This is Tsla Firo Straight Shot No Chaser on the Black Effect Podcast Network with Jade Harrell joining me as usual. You guys should be used to hearing her by now because Jay, how many months have you, has it been like three months at least maybe.


Has it been three months? It's been three months I think on this podcast, which I'm really grateful and excited about and working with you, Tess. Even if it's for a week, it feels like five years because of all the training and knowledge and Georgia dropped. So I don't know. I don't have a great sense of time when you ask me, but yeah, I appreciate it. Yeah, it might been longer than that. I don't know. It's A constant training situation. So it's You know It's a constant training situation. Yes. And people don't understand that, which I appreciate about you You know, I always wanna give you flowers all the time and make it known on the record. You know I do it all the time, but I just, it's always good to reiterate it that this would really not be possible.


And, I'm not even talking about just this podcast, just my getting my whole life together period. You know, making sure that I'm on top of the stuff I need to be on top of. If it's from lines that I've had to do in the movies this year to You know the podcast, to my television stuff, my other shows. I mean, you just have been because of you. I literally have been able to add on more projects. And. I, just, I just know that would not have been possible without you just keeping me straight and You know, keeping me on board. I just, I think I mentioned to, well I know I mentioned to you, but I don't remember, but I just enrolled in a political science program, graduate program.


So I'm super excited about that. I'm a nerd, as You know. I love information and I've always You know people who have a political science degree, You know I've debated people like the political scientists, If. you Will. And I've always You know, talked about how the theory is not on the ground in actual politics. And so I'm learning in this class that I was right, that it is not on the ground. It is not grassroots per se. I love my professor 'cause he said something that I say all the time that I'm telling you how it is not how I want it to be. So I'm very excited about this course or this program in particular because I try to be that type of educator to tell you You know how it is, how it is when I found it.


But he, he described it as how The World is when he found it not what I wanted to be, not what it should be. And because he literally had in the IL syllabus, this is not like people yelling and screaming on Foxing news, the M-S-N-B-C, he still don't know. I do do Foxing News, but I thought that was interesting that he has it like literally in the, in the description. But I love it because a lot of times I'm, I'm really, I'm excited to know that I can connect those two worlds. You're either a scholar or you are a grassroots person or an organizer or worked on a campaign, or you might be somebody who's experienced various levels of whatever it is we're talking about You know, which is why this episode healthcare that we're doing is so important.


But you may not have experienced various levels in The World our exposure to those things. And so I'm just excited Jay, because I wanna be a better educator. I wanna be the best that I can. I wanna touch as many people as I can. And I really pride myself on being able to relate to people with analogies and metaphors and You know, get people to understand it. And so I'm just a forever learner. Yeah. I'm a forever student. And so I just get geeked out You know when I look at the syllabus and all the stuff that I'll be learning You know and the structures and now being able to take that to explain to people what you scientists is, and a lot of people struggle with this.


It's the information, it's the data. It doesn't mean how it is or what it should be is just the data. So I'm just excited Jay, about having the discipline of political science. You know in addition to all the other things. Yes. That's amazing. And. I'm like, Ooh, you already a professor. So you about to be even dropping more jewels and Oh yeah, girl, social media, I'm gonna be getting on y'all nerve through every, every unit. Y'all gonna learn every laughing. I'll not be in this alone, but it's just so exciting to me. I, if I could just teach for the rest of my life, You know. That's the goal. Teach train.


And there's a difference between training and teaching. In my mind, You know. But just to sit and You know, get people to get it and get people to say, oh, especially the adult learners. So my master's in adult education, And, I love the adult learner because the adult learner typically doesn't tell you what they don't know. So you have to figure it out. You, you see that light bulb go off and be like, oh, okay. I see what you're saying. You know I do it to you all the time, even when you don't like it and you educated yourself. But just bringing up a conversation we had before. I know your mommy's sharing it, but when we talk, I think we talked about it on one of these shows. Girl, we do so many, but we were talking about about Coach Waltz and his Yes, come on, let's go with it.


I love it. Come on. Yeah. And how he relates. And you went with the narrative that was You know being put out there, TES, he don't own no home, he don't have no, he don't Have no assets. He doesn't have any cryptocurrency. He doesn't have a You know extensive amount of real estate. In my mind, I was like, how is he going to be vp? So You know I sent it and You know we talked about it on air and you really sped me On that, that on the fact. Yeah, like see, this is where people get confused. See a public servant, And I know people are confused by that because it's ha it's been abused. It hasn't been what it's supposed to be, but it's actually a servant. It's not a business. It's not running in like a business. I know Donald Trump and many others said, You know I ran a business so I can do the successor. The problem is, and what you've seen with a Trump style administration, and I'm not even just talking about Trump in particular, but anybody that says, oh, you run it like you run a business.


No, you actually don't run it like you run a business. You actually don't always put profit first. You actually don't look at what's best for you. You actually don't make executive decisions like a business. I was a CEO, I am A CEO, I've had 300 employees. Matter of fact, perfect example where the You know, I tell the story all the time, but this is a perfect example where a public serving crosses with being a CEO. So when I was a CEO at the Ally group, And I tell the story all the time about how, how during the NBA lockout in 2011 You know my employees didn't have meals during that time. Yeah. The CEO of me was just fine. I was living just fine.


The mayor of Orlando said, Teso, don't challenge the NBA on this because the city of Orlando was still getting paid even though the the basketball team You know, even the NBA wasn't working. 'cause our, my my kind of back up my staff firm, our job was, we were the ushers for the Amway Center. So my employees You know where the ushers help you sit down You know it's two contractors, get your ticket, help you find your seat tickets, all the type of stuff. So when the NBA was out on lockout, they weren't working. And what people don't understand about a staffing firm is you might just be working for me for four or five hours, but I might have you on another assignment earlier that day. You might do something day before you're piecing together that puzzle.


So when people are saying, what's the big deal? These are just part-time employees, what's the big deal? Well, the big deal was if You know when you run a payroll, it costs the, the most I I wanna get as, as many hours as I can out that pay out out of that associate. I'll just give you example. Let's say to employ you, I have to pay $30 in taxes no matter how many jobs you work or whatever you do. So I wanna have you on as many jobs as I possibly can while I'm paying that salary or that cost associated with that employee. Very similar to when we talk about how much does it cost to get a vote, You know. And we said, okay, it's gonna cost about $15 per vote. A lot of people don't understand that we can unpack that at another time. There's always a cost associated with the person.


So I may have a temporary employee do four hours over here. It allows me to pick up another project. It allows me to throw something else in the mix. Similar to our relationship. When I, when you're working with me, you're a consultant, but because I have you, I can add in a little piece here, a little piece there. You can go contract and do this, you can do that. So the more, as long as I keep you working consistently part-time or you have another contract part-time, you're able to add in these other things and all the money comes together. People that have never had to live that to work that to know what it means to depend on multiple streams of income or to say, Hey You know what, I may not get much from Uber, but I make 500 a month.


I can depend on that, but that 500 month allows me to make another 500 over here. Or that You know these various different things. So they didn't understand that. I also had employees, A lot of people were on probation and they had to be able to show that they were working somewhere or they would get penalized in their program. I had women who lived in shelters who are different programs that needed to be able to say, Hey, I am working You know regardless of the hours, but I'm working, I actually am You know employed, gainfully employed. I also hired about a hundred plus students from an academy called Work Face Workforce Academy. And it was a school that was set up to let the students out half a day to go work.


There were students who were actually taking care of their parents, some of the only people working in a household. So they went, they got in this program to go work. So the MBA wasn't thinking about all of that. You know when they were going through their multimillion dollar lockout, which is fine, but I was thinking about it when I said they're not working. And so we have to tell this story of what it means for people not to be able to work. So if we are going to be locked out, I need the community to step forward and still take care of these individuals. 'cause again, now we're talking about people going back to prison, recidivism, all of that. And I had people who were former CEOs, people with PhDs. This was during, around the re coming outta recession.


So it wasn't an easy time. You know for a lot of people. So by telling that story, Jay, that's not what C-A-C-E-O would do. A CEO is thinking about the profit, the bottom line and, and making sure that you keep the relationship with the company. So the CEO wouldn't have said anything at all because the CEO was still You know, still got a contract and said, You know we not gonna rock the boat. The servant in me who was actually running for office at that time, And I told my employees, if I don't do this, then y'all shouldn't vote for me. If I'm not willing to give the job up, give the contract up, give that up for you guys, then you shouldn't vote for me. That's the difference between a servant and a CEO. So when you hear politicians saying, oh yeah, but I wanna know If, you can run a business.


You can run a company. No, you don't run a company. That's why the government's always in debt, which is the argument between You know Republicans and Democrats. Y'all spend, spend, spend. Right. Because the government and the liberal way is being a safety net for those who don't have. So it's kinda like, I'm gonna always be in student debt because I'm, I'm not rich and I'm gonna wanna keep learning. So the mindset of thinking that running a business is like running the government is not now are are some of those skills. Do some of those skills You know? Are they helpful? Yes. Negotiation, things of that nature. But you are a servant. You are not there to be rich. You are not there to benefit yourself. You're not there to benefit your friends. So Coach Wa, which is why I keep calling him Coach Waltz.


And. I'm sorry, I'm just gonna go ahead and put it on record. I'm not endorsing him or a surrogate for their campaign, but he is really the ideal on what you what it should be. The man made a hundred thousand something dollars as governor. He lived in the governor's mansion. He didn't have multiple houses. Most people that make a hundred thousand something dollars don't have multiple houses. He wasn't stealing and skimming and getting money and contracts on the side and You know all these different whatever you was talking about CD and all this. Well, I need to know If you If you not successful. You can't be a public servant. No, it was never designed that way. The best preachers in America are the ones like Bishop Bishop got a small church that he owns his own Bishop Swan. People can't hear you. So come to the mic. I want them to hear your feedback.


Yes, Bishop Bishop Swan has one church that he owns. It's a old school church we talking about the other day. One Owl Church, two sets of pews on East Side. It's not a mega church. It's not a big church. He owns it. This is what gives him the liberty to actually be a real servant. He don't have to cut corners or not say this or not say that because he got a mega church. He don't have to worry about, well, I can't fight police brutality because I gotta make sure that I'm being a politician. And I'm cutting a deal and I'm making sure that I don't offend nobody. That is the truth. Servant leadership. Yes, you should be able to take care of yourself. Yes, there's nothing wrong. We're doing well, but we're not supposed to be looking at somebody's bottom line to determine if they will be a good servant.


I agree. Because You know after you, And, I have had this conversation once on air. And then I've You know we, we talked about it off air. And then you've consistently over a period of time have given me examples. It You know it literally You know Because I keep bringing it up over and over. Yeah. But I appreciate it because like it, it really lands it, because my initial idea of what it would mean to be a successful commander in chief of a whole country is someone who has built an empire. 'cause initially I was thinking, well If, you can't If you haven't made a whole bunch of millions of dollars for yourself and your own family. And generationally how are you going to run these here, United States of America, where You go, where'd you get that from?


I wonder where'd that come from? I I I think it came from all of the propaganda I have been consuming, I must say from the last 60 years. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. Yeah. But, but literally Young people, Especially millennials and Gen Z people like we, I I, I'll speak for myself and other You know folks that I know, but especially I'll just speak for myself, that managing large sums of money and You know growing that empire is important. And, I'm thinking that, okay, a great qualified commander in chief is someone who has demonstrated that. So when I saw Governor Wall show up and he's saying he doesn't have all of these different assets and stuff, I was like, oh, initially until I got school by Tesla and Firo, I'm initially like, oh, well how is he gonna run the United States of America?


Yeah, That's so wild. Yeah. There's a Difference. Yeah. Yeah. That's so and so, and just to be clear, 'cause You know I, I'm not a big fan of generational conversations. It's really irritating to me. 'cause it, it just, it doesn't, it's not always applicable. But when you did say Gen Z, let's be clear, generation X made more money than any generation ever with the.com industry. So nobody understands entrepreneurship than somebody from the Gen I'm in the, they call it X lineal half of generation X and the end of millennial the forties, the mid forties. But still, like we grew up with internet with a OL and cell phones and we had all of that in, in fifth, sixth, seventh grade.


So half of our life was still digital. But we still got enough of older everybody. I was around 10 years older than me, people in their fifties, but still had technology. That's really what separates the generation. But the dotcom industry, nobody made more money in j well some in the eighties, but the dotcom industry, when the internet came out, entrepreneurship, multimillionaires, billionaires, and do your research on this If you ever watch, I know If you ever watched those series, the nineties and the two thousands? And the, the CNN puts out all the time, nobody made more money than Generation X. Nobody understands entrepreneurship more than Generation X. So this is not a oh, as a, as a millennial, we think that because y'all the brokes, to be honest with you. Yeah, we are Now because, and that's what I was I wanted to say, is that the economy is so bad right now.


Bad. We're looking for a financial savior. Like who is gonna put things in place so we can buy a house and not have to work until we're a thousand. But Generation X, just so You know, generation X wasn't looking for no savior, generation X was their own. No, I y'all were, but I'm just saying now when I'm thinking about politics and this election cycle, I initially falsely thought that someone who manages the business and You know will be a good fit. And that's only a good fit. Versus looking at policy. Yeah. Because the country is so broken. Inflation is so bad right now. So that's what I was trying to say. Yeah. First of all, this is the reason why Trump did so many executive orders and skipped over Congress.


It's, it's not a CEO job. It's not, Hey, you're fired, you leave. It's not exactly, it's, it's, that's not like, that's not the government is processes working together, coming up with strategies together. It's not about how successful you can be. It's how successful you set up other people. And, and businesses don't operate that way. Businesses operate with the bottom line profit in mind. Now the conservative side or the Republican side will say they look at the bottom line, profit what makes sense. Small government, You know, not spending a lot of money managing the budget. This is what they would argue, Democrats would argue, yeah, you can manage the budget, but government is supposed to be a safety net for those that cannot do or don't have or create more opportunities for people to go from the poor to the actual middle class.


And so in order to do that, in order to be a servant, period, it requires a selflessness. Somebody say selflessness that is required to be a public servant. And, I, and, and If. you wanna be all about you and make money and, and be a boss and do what you're supposed to do then get, get out of this business. 'cause that ain't what this business is. You lucky If, you able to even just take care of yourself. If, you are a true servant. You're probably gonna make, let more excuse me privately than you ever will as a public servant. Now the flip to that is some people get into it already with their money.


There are people that say, yeah, I make sure I wanna be a a multimillion every before I run for Congress. I wanna make sure that I have all these things so that I don't have to go make my money so that I don't have to worry about money. So I don't have to be bought I so that I don't have to feel like I'm weak about money or whatever. And then there's some people that, that come in with plenty of money, girl. And they figure out how the ways to make more money and they pimp the system. But a servant mindset. Just think about it, the church, you're supposed to start the church on the hill. It's not not thinking I want a 10,000 You know member church. I want a Bentley, I want a big house, I want this or that. So I just think, and it was a great conversation to have. That's looks like what this show has turned into. I just think the, the the servant leadership or the idea of serving leadership, I'm looking at as we're doing this 'cause You know I always keep the TV on in the background.


I'm looking at Jasmine Crockett now. When I interviewed her a few weeks ago, she talked about how much money she made in the private sector. And when she gives a story of how she was in tears and really when she said BP Harris reached out to her when she was in the middle of a line and she said she was in tears. And she said she didn't know why she was doing this. She made more money as an attorney. She was doing so many You know so many things and so many sacrifices involved in this You know it money was one of those things that you give up. Now again, people can say that she's successful, that she has the You know all of the clout. She'll make money after consulting. Sure. But the initial thing is this is not a job. And she, she makes a, as a conference owner, you make 175,000 a year.


So it's not broke. But If, you are used to making a quarter of 1,000,300 or whatever it is, You know that can make it make a difference. And there's a lot that you can't do as a public servant. Like certain deals that you can go to jail. So yeah. And how you manage your checkbook is not how I understand the basic principle of it. You know, responsible, logical thinker. You don't know how to but the basic, the basic principle is what has that man sacrifice to serve Minnesota? He did not put himself first. He put service first. And that's who you want writing policy people that's gonna put service first and not Themselves.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs to relax. And let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature. With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See a Nissan Towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


In this selection, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm gonna keep On running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Pay for by Harris For President


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.


High five Casino.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


So again, what makes a good public servant is somebody that put themselves first. That's what I look at. Not necessarily who went up the career ladder, who did well, who made money, what their personal accounts are, know that was something that Trump talked about. And we see what that type of leadership looks like. So that's not for me With leads, I think that Coach Waltz is very relatable. I like the the viral video of him going around talking about You know, cleaning out the gutters on the house. Yeah, those are things that people relate to because it's not paying somebody else to do it. It's not having a servant to do it. It's not saying, oh let me call AAA out.


No, it's You know how to change your own tire. You know how to change your own oil. People relate to that because they wanna know You. Know what it means. You know to have to do those things and not somebody else for you. And that's what make people good servants. The pain that people have that they can associate. Matter of fact, the speeches that we teach me, you us, a little bit about me, a little bit about you and then us, something that relates us together and how we can move forward. So when you say, I know what it means to live middle class, I know what it means to be poor. Like you'll hear VP Harris, I know what it means to work my way through college. You know at McDonald's, I know what it means to be a single, have a single parent for coach Walls to say, I know what it means to have to take care of a family.


You know on a, on a middle class salary. I know what it means. You know to be a teacher. There's nothing more admirable than other than police officers. That's up to question for a lot of people. But teachers, teachers, they don't any better than that. So, oh, survey in General. Yes. Right, of course. So why would you wanna, why would you not want a teacher opposed to somebody who did well financially? What about the character of a teacher that gets up and sacrifices this man was a teacher for 30 years, not because he made money. In addition to that being a coach too, that's the the highest level. Yeah. Of serving. So those are the things that we should be looking at as a servant. Not because somebody was able to make a dollar outta 15 cents.


What did you give your time? What 15 cents did you give up? What dollar did you give up to see about somebody else other than you? Yeah. And the thing that, what I really appreciated about these conversations that you And, I had, the lessons I would say that you've taught me about this particular topic is that running a business and You know it's not the same as being a great policy maker. You know Governor Waltz, he was a high school teacher. You know he did policy. I'm not saying that I'm gonna vote for that ticket, Right? What I'm saying? No, we're just calling it what it's Yeah. And people need to get that. And again, that goes back to what we talked about originally, political science.


We're just talking about the information as it is. You know, it's a damn shame every time we acknowledge something, we gotta say, I'm not saying I'm gonna vote for them. I'm not gonna say. I mean, it ain't even about saying we we're just acknowledging it or whatever. Yeah. You know. Yeah. So, so when I'm thinking about policy like this, someone with his experience and running a state and then also being an asset to the government. The government in a VP role with the qualities that I have like studied as a result of this conversation and these lessons with utas, it's, it's important. It's not the same thing as saying, Hey, I'm gonna come out with some new wine coolers. I'm gonna come out with some new crypto Right.


Currency type things. Right? Yeah. It's not the same. And and again, they, they should not blend. And that's why I always tell people when people say, oh man, you're doing your dreams, or Oh yeah, this is great. Oh, I always correct people. What dream? This wasn't no dream. This was what got, there's a big difference between career and calling. I mean there's nothing wrong with being a career If. you just, oh, I'm gonna go get my master's, my bachelor's in political science after that I'm gonna run for office after that I'm gonna do, no, you might be great at running, at writing public policy, but that don't mean you good at being a servant. We just need you on the team to write good public policy.


Being a servant is selfless. It is truly putting everything before you have no time for yourself. That's what a servant is actually supposed to be. I know there's some confusion with that. It's not something you learn in school. That's why I say I'm excited about the class because I do want the science of it all, but the science of it all doesn't make me stand there and say, Sonya Macy deserves justice. Or else there's no class that can teach you that. To stand there with the tenacity and the guts and the gumption to stand there with police officers looking at you with drones flying above your head.


You don't learn that in no political science class. Only, only God puts that in in your belly. So, but If, you can have both those things to teach other people how to be support systems for servants. How to be, 'cause somebody, I can talk about po public policy, passionate all day long. But somebody needs to sit down and actually write the policy, actually get the information, actually pull it together. Actually You know. So everybody has, not that I can't do it, but why not have a Jade do it? Because I can't do it all. So somebody has to master that I can do it. But why not have somebody master it? Let me master what I do. You ma we had this conversation today. This is about everybody need to master their role.


Yeah. That's what push the line is all about. Master what you do. It's not a question about can you do it or not. It's not about do you have the capability, it's about the capacity. I can do a lot of things, but what is the, where do I where, where do I need to be operating that best serves me or my community or the whatever it is that we're pushing. And that don't mean that everybody can, needs to do everything. It don't mean you don't have the talent to do everything. But where can you serve best? Because this is about service. And that's where people get it confused. It's amazing. And your blessing of course is you are doing the Harley side program, but you have already lived and you have all of the, the experience You know the, the professional experience and receipts to really give context to what you're learning.


And you're gonna come back and you're gonna train us. And so that's, I Am, I'm gonna force all the information on y'all And. I'm gonna really try my best, keep my my peers in my class, in your prayers in my real class because I really, I don't wanna do the back and forth with people. I really, really don't. The good thing about the classes online, it's online with Sam Houston University. So I'm excited about that. 'cause I don't have to see people 'cause You know girl, I, it'll be a mess. And 'cause people again have to learn this is not about their personal feelings. And You know I'll be all in this saying, well, well show me the receipts you're talking about because so You know, so, so I'm excited that all I have to worry about is posted to a discussion board or You know we gonna have some discussions.


You know there's class of discussion. They even have some stuff set up with Zooms and presentations and things like that. But I, I am glad that I'm not literally in the classroom every day. And again, lemme just say this before we close out to those, I remember the time DJ Eby tried to throw some shade about online classes on The, Breakfast Club. You remember that when he was like, yes, I do. Online is either, well first of all, online is not easier. Clearly you ain't never been online to know the difference because the requirements of having a post four or 500 discussion po posts a day to reply to somebody else to read the material, to still take the test. Like I don't know what he's talking about. It's actually much easier to go to class once a week or twice a week and sitting there and lecture bullshit your way through If.


you called on and go home and have nothing to do. But turning a paper online, the participation part is not easy because it's a part you literally are tapped in every day in one way or the other. So just wanna give a shout out to everybody who's taking a class online from a university that is still a You know top university. It's not an Ivy League You know, but I am, I'm not ashamed of Sam Houston University. I'm excited about it. It's a graduate program. I'm taking a j so that I can teach civics, You know in at, at the college, right? Whether it's community college or university. Very, very, very excited about it. So yes, I'm gonna be dragging through the whole process. So guys, are you Gonna drag me, Michelle, Marcellus, everybody.


We're all gonna be dragged through the process, y'all. So y'all get ready on, I'll be like, no, we learned this last week. This is what y'all don't understand. This is what I'm trying to get y'all to get. Somebody said it with me. Put a five in the chat. I love what I do. I really do. I love what I do. And, I, just, if I could do it all day every day, I really could. I just, I just love it. I, it, it brings me joy especially 'cause I have so many different demographics that listen to me. So You know when I'm doing my lives and I'll be saying, okay, let me try it this way. Okay, for the homies, this is mean, this, right? Okay. In a relationship. Okay. Y'all know what this mean. Relationship get people every time, they always understand those metaphors because they like, okay, it makes sense to me.


So I I just enjoy it. I enjoy, especially online because it, it's 150 people in the room with every background, every I don't know who I'm talking to. Yeah. So when you're able to land points or people get it, very excited about it. So anyway, guys, I guess I guess that's it for this episode. What you've learned about is servant leadership and the importance of it and the things you should be looking for. And again, nothing wrong with a business person, but I do want you to be mindful that the servant, the person that's the servant. And again, if you're not a spiritual person, don't worry about it. But If, you are a spiritual person. If, you are a religious person. If, if whatever you believe in, I'm a Christian, whether y'all like it or not, I am.


And the word says that when it's all done and when it's time to stand before the 24 elders, ain't nobody asking about no CDs. Ain't nobody asking about how much real estate you had. Ain't nobody asking about none of that. The question is, did you take care of the least of these? So I want people in a, a serving capacity that's in charge of the least of these. Jay. Like I need you to get that Yeah. Do right. Public policy debating being a president, a state senator, what you are literally speaking on behalf of people that don't have healthcare. People that don't, people that are in prison, people that need homelessness. People. I don't, this is not the time where we judge well where were you able to get five houses?


This is the time to judge. Are you gonna fight to make sure people got got five houses? Are you gonna make sure the people have healthcare? Are you even healthcare form Took my business. Somebody asked me and said, well if it hurts your business, why are you still for healthcare for? Because I was willing to take that. That's not for everybody, but it was important, right? That's why healthcare, I'm glad that he was able to get healthcare through LA Healthcare. He didn't have any insurance. That was a rehab for five years. I know if he had been hurt in Texas, he wouldn't have never had that amount of rehab. I watched it with my uncle who did 27 years at the city of Houston. They kept him in rehab two, three weeks and sent him on about his way. So those things matter.


I'm concerned about that. So that means I, I'm all right if my business shut down. I went on and, and still still found me something else. It was unfortunate for the employees, but at the end of the day, I would much rather, I wish my daddy would have access to better healthcare 'cause he would've died. Maybe he would've lived when he said, I'm not gonna go to the hospital 'cause I'm going home in the morning. Maybe my mama who was working at the state at that time in the faith based in the faith based department at the state of Oklahoma, no, I'm just gonna go ahead and go home. They just wanna extra bill. Her lung collapsed the next stage she had full insurance. So yeah, if that mean that sometimes A CEO ain't gonna come out on top so somebody can have some healthcare.


Because guess what, when I was a CEO still am my own business. And I broke my leg. I don't have private hair healthcare. That was $35,000. That's ridiculous of $35,000 You know to be able to fix my ankle. Where was that money coming from? That's a first year. That's Jada's first year of college. Yeah. So who do you wanna advocating for these things? The people that have been through it. The people that got the stories to tell the people that cleaned out the gutters. The people that know what it mean to not have healthcare. The people that know what it mean or somebody that's saying, well I got 4, 5, 10. Well you probably ain't gonna relate to what it means to be homeless. You, you need to know. I know what it mean to leave my house with nothing but the shirt on my back.


That's what moves me through politics. That's what keeps me in politics. The pain, the pain, the turns into the purpose and, and the passion. Not the pension. This is not a job and a career. Where's the passion and the pain? Passion Over pension test. It's passion over pension. Yeah. It has to be that. It has to be. That's why we ain't getting served appropriately. So that's my message. Alright child, y'all, thank you for listening to Shay. Now you are real time again. We're always learning, always growing, always You know, trying to figure this out because politics is all about figuring it out and things change.


It's fluid. You know you can see something one day. The next will be like, oh wow, I didn't really look at it that way. And that's really all it is about, it's just about looking at it through another lens. Politics is literally putting on somebody else's glasses and looking at it through their lens. You don't have to keep 'em on. It may give you a headache. If, you put 'em on too long 'cause it's not your prescription. We know that they're not for you. But all I'm asking you to do is put this lens on just for a moment and just see it through their lens so you can have an understanding of what they're seeing. And that's really what politics is about. You don't have to agree like it move forward. Just understanding through somebody else's lens. I love it. And thank you for the lesson as always.


All Right? For sure. All right, y'all make sure y'all stay tapped in a Straight, Shot, No Chaser. Make sure you are subscribed. I'm gonna keep telling y'all this every week 'cause that's just a part of it. Check, make sure you have the follow button, the the subscribe button wherever you get your podcast. Please grow a friend. That girlfriend bring a friend. Really wanna double these numbers 'cause we lost a lot. Like I guys told, like I told you at t kicked that we worked so hard because it was just me for a long time. You know to build up these people for four years and when, when they converted over to some new system something, it just almost like deactivated everybody. So it's like starting from the top.


So if people wasn't listening, we still count. Like even If, you don't listen to my show every week. It still counts. And so we've lost that and those numbers matter. So it's like, like somebody hacking your Instagram page and you got, you gotta start all the way over. Yeah. And until people realize, Hey, I haven't seen Tess on Instagram in a while, or hey, I haven't You know that happens. Like with, I haven't been on The, Breakfast Club in months. And people see people say, oh, I just noticed You know because that doesn't hashtag hashtag words tab. Yeah. 'cause they may not be listening to it every day. They might listen to it every now and then. So the same thing with the podcast. They may not realize some people that faithfully listen all the time and some people just be like, Hey, I wanna see what Te You know. So I gotta keep reminding everybody. Make sure you subscribe to the podcast guys, and thank you again, Jade, and we'll see you next week.


Peace. Thank you. Peace. If. you like what you heard on Straight Shot No Chaser. Please subscribe and drop a five star review and tell a friend Straight Shot No Chaser is a production of the Black Effect podcast network and iHeartRadio. I'm Tesson Figueroa and I'd like to thank our producer, editor mixer, Dwayne Crawford and our executive producer Charlamagne Nego. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Hey, hey, John O'Brien here from Money and Wealth on iHeartRadio. And I. Invite you to join me at Black Week, October 15th through 18th and New York City. Black Week is an economic conference at aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code GHB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration Black Week 2024. Claim your spot today.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.