
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


This is Simone Boyce from the Brightside. Beauty is about more than just beauty. It's about worth, individuality and the power that comes from being your truest self At L'Oreal Paris Beauty means embracing who you already are, enhancing the diverse features, experiences and personality that makes you well. You L'Oreal's beauty essentials, combine innovative products with that classic farian touch to help you feel like your most confident self because taking on The World is a little less scary when you feel ready for your closeup. L'Oreal Paris because you are worth it. Learn more at L'Oreal paris.com.


So period on his mama, Ray J went and threatened anybody who against them. Anybody who ever doubted him or whatever. He going out yard and this's what he had to say, Yo. Right. When I tried to do right, these wanna play with me. Yo, you with the wrong person. I'm going live in 30 minutes and I'm naming all the names that me over out here. I'm out of the country and this production and everybody around me Is gonna gonna pay the price. And he captioned it and said, I hate me. I hate this whole ass. I'm crashing all the way out tonight. You won't ever hear from me again. Hashtag nobody is safe. So well clearly he wanted somebody to call him. Absolutely. That's all. Absolutely. And and the person called Him, he was seeking attention from somebody. Clearly Change his mind As always.


Yeah. Changed his mind when a blog started reposting that he deleted the post and he hopped in the Jasmine brand's comments to let people know he changed his mind. He said, no, I'm not. I took it down. So that Was it. Good, good. Y'all know Ray J just be playing with y'all, right? Ray J is in four day law of power says stir up water is the catch fist. That's all Ray JB doing. Y'all do know that, right? You think that, but I don't think that man's mental health is always where it's supposed to be, bro. I don't think That. I think re usually because he's knowing what exactly what he doing when he doing. Because you, But usually when you wanna get somebody's attention, when you got it, you got something to do. He don't never have nothing to do when he get our attention. You mean nothing To promote it Just don't. But That, but that's the currency nowadays. Jeff's attention is the currency. It's weird, like getting the attention is the currency nowadays keeping Like you're saying in, in 30 minutes, yo, I'm gonna name I'm, I'm looking for the names.


And then it's like, no, I'm not like you supposed to have something to say. Even if you're not gonna give us what you told us you was gonna give us. It gotta be something like, so It was only th put it like, I didn't even know it was only 30 minutes, but within that 30 minutes I saw him on damn near every, every blog he Blocks I posted him. So, So, so I guess it, He gotta have something to say. Well he, he Have something he didn't say nothing else after it though. Ray Always selling stuff. He got a whole network. All right. Well he do more talking about everything else except that I haven't heard him mention it lately. Yeah. Why Any of the shows? Have you seen any of the Shows? Yes. The links are still up in his bio and stuff like that. But he hasn't talked about Ray Tronics or Raycon in a long time. It's All, all been Just Drama sold. He sold Ray Tronix, right?


I'm sorry? Ray Trons. Raycon. Yeah. He hasn't, he hasn't talked about his network. So it's just like, give us something then if you gonna do all that. 'cause I pay attention every time I like what? What? You know. But either way. Moving on Tank, on ho on homophobia. So he sat down with the holding court par podcast and they asked him about a past comment he made about the double standard when it comes to black men experimenting sexually. It's something about black men and the homosexual conversation. It is a mess. The phobia as it relates to black men is the elephant in the room and no one will actually articulate their devastation. You have to think like for a black man, the worst thing to be called Yep.


Is gay. It is gay. You see it, you see it everywhere. Yeah, for sure. There's an attack on, there's an agenda. Strong black men. But who's the attack coming from? Mm. They call you gay all the time. Charlamagne. How do you feel about that? Yeah, I mean listen, my my motto just say gay, my motto is, my motto is why be homophobic? We can when you can just be gay. Nah, that's horrible. So what would say, ain't Nothing wrong with being a little gay. Everybody's a little gay. Some people, For some People it don't matter. But y'all know Tank has been asked about people thinking he gay for a long time since he came up here and was talking to Y two gay niggas in 2016. And he said, You know, when he said he liked to have his salad tos by his wife.


Listen, because I don't mind, I don't, I don't mind putting my legs up. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's that's okay. You don't Mind getting eaten? Yeah. Not at all, man. Kidding on man. Come on man. Brothers even one honey, we ain't got a seat tank. And guess what people thought that was gay. They Did. Right. Even though it's a woman doing it to you. And You know, the other thing I don't like, I don't like generalizations. Like when Tank says the worst thing somebody can be called a black man can be called is gay. No. Mm. The worst thing I I can think a lot of other worst things that a black man can be called deadbeat dad. Okay. Broke. Broke. All right. You know what I'm saying? I, there's a lot of woman beater.


There's a lot of worst things I think a black man can be called. Yeah. I think he was just talking about the stain and how the, like the, the stigma about it has been. 'cause You know, tank grew up in church and that's exactly what he talked about being homophobic itself. Yeah. You know, I I I was, I was super phobic in getting in, getting into this game. Yeah. I was just like, I I gotta turn my machismo up. Yeah. Right. Real shit. It took me a minute to come to those conclusions that I've come to, You know, I always, always kind of have this thing where it's like I desire to be attractive and not overly trying to be, I pray that I'm attractive and be careful. What, being careful what you ask for being attractive doesn't have limitations.


Exactly. Yeah. I agree with 'em as an attractive man. But that still sound sounded gay. That's A lie. Yeah, But What's but what's, what's I, I don't understand what's wrong when somebody says you're gay and you're not gay. Like if you're not gay, how it affect you? That's my whole point. It doesn't bother me. Yeah. Yeah. And It's very hard not to be called gay nowadays because everything's gay. We pause everything. Yes. And and that's what he was talking about too. He was, he remembered growing up and seeing icons like Rick James and Prince and he was wondering like why their looks weren't con considered being gay. They were, but what, what nowadays they would be concerned being like the highest level of gay. There is. Nah. People Call Prince, people call Prince Gay The highest level of gay that is.


People call Prince Gto. They, they, people thought Prince was gay. Prince Was gay. Yeah. He just walk around with his ass out. Ass out. Absolutely. But women still loved him though. Still loved him. I remember people, I mean, I remember people saying he looked gay, but they knew he had all the women. Yes. That's The thing. I never heard that. Everybody was like saying Prince will take your bitch in a minute. That Prince Sand Mike. That's Right. By the way, we pause everything, You know, because it's funny. Not because we not because we homophobic And I mean, I mean funny, like, laughter funny, not like funny. What, how do You mean that's the sandwich, not the soundtrack. See, See you gay. See you are gay. I, I already told you why I be homophobic when you can just be gay. Yeah. Yeah.


I would Much rather be called gay and homophobic. Yeah. Because when you homo And I be thinking these people that, that protest too much. You know what you trying to hide what you so against it for? Yes. No. Yes, you're right. That's, that's why I would be, if It's so against it, it feels like you like it. Yeah. And you can't be against it. 'cause it makes it harder. Don't just just be, just relax. Just not hold up. Nah, just relax. Just let it happen. Breathe. Let it happen man. You tripping bro. You tripping. Relax. I don't want to talk. It's enough. It's enough. Thank you Jess. I'm done As Jess with the mask, Y'all. Oh my goodness. I hate this place. All right. Happy anniversary. Up next we at Front page news and then Doci will be joining us.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The Big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off, including can't miss deals on Urban Decay palettes and the fabulous shock dryer and Styler, my skin is so important to me. So You know, I got the first aid Beauty Ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all. New deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta Beauty store today. Get all the best gifts, all at Ulta Beauty.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.