
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody. It's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


This is your moment, your time to shine your comeback. You're ready for the next step in your career. And you want an education, employer's respect. So you're not just going back to school. You're coming back with Purdue Global, backed by Purdue University. One of the nation's most respected public universities. Purdue Global is built for people who bring their life experience into the online classroom. Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


I'm Tamika d Mallory. And it's your boy, my son in general. We are your host of TMI, Tamika, and my son's Information, truth, motivation, and inspiration. New name, new energy, but Same old us. What's Up, Tamika d Mallory. How you doing today? I'm Doing good, my son. How are you? I'm doing better. It has been a rough week, but now I'm coming to terms with the reality of what we dealing with and you know, I got my mojo and I'm ready to go, you know? Yeah, me too. I'm good. You know, I feel like I am putting into practice things that I've learned since that horrific burnout that landed me in rehab.


Right. And you know, the trauma and everything that I experienced, I talk about what I learned and how I came out of it. But oftentimes, as time goes on and you have different experiences and you living life, we often forget about things. It's like when you drink too much and then you're like, God, I promise you, if you would just help me get over this, I promise I won't drink as much next time. Oh, ne that's it. This is my last time. And then of course, five times later, maybe even the next day, people go back to some of their old ways that, you know, we revert. And so I've had to be mindful of that in this moment.


And I write about it in my book, my new book. Yes. Look at that. I Lived To Tell The Story. I Lived To Tell The Story. Dope. Dope. Dope. And that's a real thing. I lived To Tell The Story and the story goes, And I say that I'm gonna fight for freedom until I die. But this time freedom includes me. Right? And so with that being said, I can allow myself to go back to where I was in 2019 to 98 pounds, even though I wish I could get to 98 pounds now. Shoot on my own without being stressed out. But that's a whole different day's topic.


Not 98 pounds. But you get my point, I guess. Get my point. So I can't allow that to happen. So I'm not going to allow myself to drown. I feel it. I know where we are. And I think what is very frustrating is watching people wake up knowing that, like we said this, we said all of this and had been saying it before an election. Yeah. That's the other thing. I just wanna make sure that that's clear. We've been saying a lot of this stuff before an election. Definitely way before an election. But listen, how do people get this book? When does it drop? Like don't February. This is our Show. Show. People already know.


They already know. 'cause I be telling them every other day. It's February 11th. Yes. You can pre-order it. My first event is February 6th. Okay. In Louisville, Kentucky. It is extremely humbling And I, it's such a proud moment for me to go to Louisville. Louisville And have my friends Squa Reynolds and Attorney Lanita Baker to be the host of my first public event. It's actually before my book comes out, Supreme Event. It's the first event. And it, it means so much because you know what we went through in Louisville?


Yeah. You know, that we went through a lot and, And that's family. Well, and Louisville was right after I came outta rehab. Right. Emini here, right before Louisville was right before I came outta rehab. Right. Because 2019, and then we went there in 2020, I was still a mess. I was still trying to piece myself back together. I was still dealing with shame. I, you know, didn't know exactly what I was gonna do, which direction to go in. I had so much going on. And when Ben Crump called me, all of that's in this book about, you know, Breonna Taylor, we went. And so these are people that we've only known for five years, but it seems like we've, and it's not even five years yet, but it seems like we've known them for a lifetime.


Yeah. And for, and they became our sisters. You know, they, they, Tamika Palmer, she, oh, excuse me. She's one of the host as well of the event. And so I'm just like, wow. You know, this book Man's Dope has been, I love the cover like show, like show the, the, Oh, this is the, the, the, this is my vision. It's the duality, right? Yeah. It's the duality from, you know, the braids to the long hair. And it's just, And this is actually the housing projects that I grew up in. People probably should see. Oh, I can't even realize that. Okay. That's the project, The housing projects. Yep. Oh, You know, Okay. So anyway, this is, this book was a lot to get out.


I always say that it's like I'm at the, I'm right now I'm in the delivery process. Like I already have my date scheduled. It's February 11th. I know we have, we we gonna have the baby that day. It's, it's coming out. And all the, the terrible things, the the What do you have with Morning sickness? You nauseous. Yeah. Can't eat, can't rest. Can't whatever. Most of those things have subsided at this point from this book. Except, you know, trying to get the tour done and the sails where they need to be. That kind of feels like the part where you need the body pillow. Look at Jan. Janice is looking like, yes, Janice, who is our director of everything over there, she's looking like, yes.


So I'm in that stage, but it's pretty much, I'm, I'm, I'm in the sailing part. We know the baby is coming and when, but it was a lot to get this done. The stories that I'm telling in this book, I wish I could take like five of them out. 'cause I don't know what I must have been like. I don't know, Just telling you lot. I had, I must telling all Your business some Weed or something that day and just went the so, but I'm glad that it's out here. I know that this book is going to help somebody. Well I look forward to reading it today, you know, 'cause I got my little copy. We got you a copy and I'm gonna read it. But I'm proud of you and thank you. Please make sure that y'all go out pre-order. Make sure that you, at every event on the tours, show out, show up, make sure that you support this woman because the way she fights for black people is undeniable.


Yeah. Well and also make sure that you get my son's book. Your last one. Oh Yeah, I got a couple. Yes. Yes. Your last one is called, It is called Echoes in the Streets. Echoes in the Streets. That's Right. And it's about gun violence. The stories about gun violence within the inner communities in the cities. And it's, it breaks down different ways and strategies that communities and youth can come together and stop gun violence. There's really, really strong stories inside. So shout out to my partner and publisher. Hedrick McBride. That's right. Cool. So, so, you know, wherever, first of all, wherever you buy books, black bookstore, very important. Barnes and Nobles also, please pick up a pre-order copy.


I know how we as black folks, especially how we are, we got to, we want to touch the thing. We don't wanna buy anything and wait for it to come. I remember when we were out getting people to the polls And I was like, you not gonna early vote? Like you could go vote today. They be like, I, I don't vote early. I want my vote, vote on the day. I'm like, but you gotta stand online. I don't care. I want my vote on the day. That's part of the press. That's sometimes how we are. That's how we operate. Yeah. But in the publishing world, and shout out to my publisher, black Privilege Publishing, Charlemagne, tha Guy Atria and the Simon and Schuster family. But when in the publishing world, authors need presales, that's very helpful in terms of how their books get out The barn.


You know, it's like when you're, when you know when you in a race, you don't try to like take off or slow. You coming out moving. That's right. You coming out moving. So that's what we need. So you can go to tamika d mallory.com, that's tamika d mallory.com and you can find out all the things, how to purchase the book, where the tour is going. The sixth, we're in Louisville, Kentucky, the ninth. I'm at Jamal Bryant's Church, new Birth Baptist Church in Atlanta, Georgia. The 11th, well actually the 13th, the 11th. I got something going on, but I ain't really talking about it too much. If you know me and you wanna come to what I'm doing on the 11th, holler.


But on the 13th we're at the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue in Manhattan. I'm going to be with Giovanni Williams, the public advocate. And Janelle Aggie, who is the executive director of editing at Ebony Magazine. Emini here. Then we're in, that's the 13th, the 18th. I'm in Washington, DC at Politics and Prose. Then I'm in Tulsa, Oklahoma. Our family there, the Crutcher family and also Kim Roxy of Lame Beauty. And then, you know, also in New Orleans, we're at Baldwin and Company. I think that's on the 20th. But don't listen to me. Go to the website and look it up for yourself. Jacksonville, Florida on the 22nd, we have a full schedule of things that we'll be doing.


All of February, all of March. And I'm really, really excited. I didn't get to do this with my first book. We were at home, although I had a star studded release from my, from my first book. We had everybody, we had panels and discussions online that included everybody from Taraji p Henson to Tiffany Haddish. Of course Charlamagne was helping to host some stuff. You helped to host things. Linda Sarsour was involved. Emini here, I could go on Alicia Keys, you know, did panels and discussions with me. So it's not that we did not have a good amount of people who were supportive, but everybody was at home.


Yeah. It was pandemic. Now going outside, now I'm going outside. Now you Outside with it, man. So that's it. I definitely, I know it's gonna be a good book. And I know that people are gonna love it because it's so authentic and raw. Like every time you talk about it, you gotta tee in your eyes. And everybody that's read it so far has tears in their eyes. So I make sure, make sure that you go out and get the book. Yes, thank you. And the news for me yesterday was my youngest son, ton's birthday, happy birthday Kesten. He turned 11 yesterday and we had a ball. Took him out to Humdingers his place he likes with his friends. So I enjoyed that. I just are, It's crazy. Are a dads dad. You got three sons and a grandson.


A grandson. A Grand I'm a gpop. Yeah, you are a Gpop. I'm a gpop. I'm a gpop. But Keston is like, he's a very, he's an empath. He's a very intelligent young boy. And he picks up on everything. Like he knows what you think and he knows how you feeling. You know, he's very passionate about things. He messed up his foot last weekend, you know, playing soccer. And he had a game the next day. He couldn't make it to, he was, he was up all night trying to heal himself, get himself together. He was soaking his ankle, he was putting alcohol. He put Vix on his leg. Anything you could think of, he was trying to make, make it to you To let down the Team.


He did not wanna let down that team. He woke up at eight o'clock in that morning and was like, tried it again. He was just like, nah dad, he's still been limping. So I, I made a little joke. I've been calling him young peg leg and he hates that man. Don't do that. So, but I be, I play with Why Do parents put labels? Like, 'cause it's a joke. A Black people just are, we Have do have a joke. What our God y'all want. Listen, everything is not so serious. No, but it's not that, it's that Injuries sometimes makes people feel already. Especially like you said, he can't play. He already is feeling a way about that. And then you overhear putting a label on him. That's a joke That makes him feel, He, he laughed it off.


Sometimes he doesn't like it, but sometimes, But he doesn't Like it. He likes it sometimes. Okay, young peg leg is fine. He's, he'll be good for, but You know that there are people who really have peg legs and it's kind of like you saying that to him. It's like saying, well It's the, it is the, you know what the reason why I call him? 'cause he limps. Like he has one because Yeah, but you do know that that's not really, he looks, it looks like he has like a little pirate sometimes when he, when his leg starts hurting. Very much So disregarding, he fine. The people who have real S it ain't got nothing to do with those. I'm talking about my son. You talking about these people. I'm just trying to say, this ain't got nothing to do. This is not to offend anybody else. That's a joke that I have with my son. Right. So please don't Personalize it. So now he goes out and calls somebody who actually has a peg leg.


A peg leg. Although he probably won't do that. He's Probably better than you because he won't never do that. Because I would never do that. I made a joke with him. Okay. About his little foot being hurt. I'm not gonna, and little limp, I'm Not gonna Argue. Yeah. How about that? Let's not argue with that. I'm not, once again, I'm not happy birthday to my son. Ke I love you. That's right. The Most, listen, my granddaughter was being pushed in the swing and when she said something, but her father was also talking to our whole family on FaceTime. 'cause we literally have everybody possible on a FaceTime whenever he wants to show Blair and he hits a thing and then everybody goes in and go, hi Blair, we love you.


She's the star of the show. So he was pushing her and he pushed her one time and she said, and she said something, but he doesn't, he didn't know what she said. And her mom was there also. So he said, what did you say? What did she say? So her mom says, she said, do it again or put or do it one more time or something like that. And so he goes, she didn't say that now she was probably talking kind of baby gibberish, but a mother's gonna understand her child, we don't care. You could be talking backwards and a mother's gonna be like, I know exactly what that means.


So he said she didn't say that. And Blair goes, yes, she's two years old. She know what she talking about. She's two. Yeah. Do it Again, again. She said yes. Yes. Like, mommy is right. Hundred. I didn't do it again. I might not have said it exactly, but that's what Emini here. Yeah. Do she got listen, she wants y'all to understand. And she knows what she wants for herself. She does. She does. And she wants you to understand that she's expressing herself and her mama understood exactly what happened. That's exactly right. That's why I love her mother. 'cause her mother, she know she's, she's they they are, they are. We talk about this all the time. These kids' parents are amazing. Not, no, they're serious about parents.


It's not like when we was parents, that's One thing I say about these kids. My son is serious about being a father to his son. These kids are, he do not play about his son. Now. They, they can have all kind of other Things now. They crazy otherwise, But them kids, they serious about them. Kids, they good parents. Well Also that's a testament to, you know, parenting. They, that they see, they, they either, you know, they, they feel like something didn't happen that they want to happen or they seen something happen that they want to continue to Happen. Yeah. No. Later on they're gonna realize we weren't as bad as they think. Yeah. That's what it is. That's what it is. I think what happens is they realize it now because they realize all of the pressure and stuff that they under. And then they like, damn, I didn't even know you went through this.


I just, yeah, because it's hard. It's hard parenting. It's very hard. Very, it's Very hard. It's very hard. It's very hard. It's very hard.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


And speaking of hard things, there's a lot of hard things happening in our world. Lord, him, mercy and I, We gotta get to that, huh? I, you know, I've only made one post, maybe two about the target situation and, and just overall diversity, equity, and inclusion. And I am commit. I've only made two posts maybe about it, maybe one. And then also I've, I only said one thing like on a, on camera, but I thought about it And I listened for the last few days.


I just listened. I was taking in all the different aspects because, you know, we follow and are followed by all different types of people. We got the super radical blacks, we got the Pan-African blacks, we got the, the, the bougie black. We got the conservative blacks, the checks we have, we got everything. We, every kind of person, black person, we have somebody who is a part of that. Republicans, of course, Democrats or whatever. Black women, black men, trolling black. We got, we got niggas to, we got trolling.


Some niggas troll. We have the trolls, we have the ignorant, we have all kinds of those. The young, we have young, we have different age groups. So we see a lot of things. And I follow a lot of different types of people. And I just wanna, I just listen. I said the one thing that I have learned in my leadership position is that I, I now don't where I used to need to respond. I don't have to as quick because the more information that I gather before speaking, I think it makes my voice more effective, more powerful.


So I just sat back And I kind of listened. People sending me everything, everybody sending me something. And I know that part of the reason why so many people are sending me so many different things is because folks know that I have not said this is what I think we should do. And they wanna try to, not so much influence in a negative way, but just put their speak on it perspective in the manner that they would like to be in my, in my, in my thought process. And so, speaking of thoughts today in my thought of the day, I really want to take the time, and we don't have a guest for this show because it just, we just couldn't fit it with what, what we wanna discuss.


So I wanna just start off by saying that I I, so I wanna put this at the beginning and the end as a bookmark. Tamika Mallory personally will not be shopping at Target. That's not gonna happen. Me neither. I won't be going to target. I have always and will continue to uplift black brands. I am a diehard support supporter of black people in general. And I will continue to do that. But I personally will not be shopping in Target. Some people are saying Black History month, others are saying the third quarter Emini here, the first quarter, people have different ideas about it.


I don't know when or if I will ever return. Our history is that when we leave a brand, we part, we almost never go back. More than likely, I, I looked at myself today and realized that I've been wearing my little Balenciaga sock sneakers. I was a good, I was a beyond a Balenciaga person. Like I liked Balenciaga. And then I, as soon as they start with the kids and the videos and the, the devil stuff and whatever, I don't know what was, I didn't even take the time to do bus so much research about whatever that was. But it just didn't feel right to me. I didn't like the way it looked And I didn't have anything to do with this. So I packed up a bunch of Balenciaga stuff and just gave it away.


I might, I have like two sweaters, maybe three sweaters and these little sock sneakers. So that's where I'm at with it. But I'm probably never going to be caught. And when I say caught, I Emini here. Like, gotcha. But me personally, walking into a store, purchasing something from Balenciaga, that's just me. I gave up Gucci and the blackface sweater. I did not like it. I felt, first of all, the impact to me, it was very, very disrespectful for people to even try to make the excuse that they did not know, or that it wasn't exactly what we saw. And so I just decided that I was done with it.


But then even if I, even if I would've said, well maybe I'm, I'm overreacting, or maybe we need to educate them and it's going to get better. The way in which things rolled out after that I didn't appreciate at all. So I just don't wear Gucci. But that's, you know, everybody do they thing. Yeah. That's my personal thing. Then Kyrie Irvin, Nike, they cut their contract with him. I cut Nike. So you cut Kyrie, I cut you. That's it. Simple. Wasn't hard. Decision wasn't first. I was kind of like, what we doing? Everybody wears Nike. Then I realized it's not that serious.


I don't have to wear Nike. There's a number of black brands, actively Black being one of them. There's other brands. Shout out to Enzo. They just sent me a couple of pair of sneakers. New Dopes collector Emini. Here. There's, there you Go. Get Kyrie's, the aunt. He got all kinds of flavors. So There's a, there's a million things we can do and we're gonna talk about that. 'cause distribution is very important, which is why this target piece is, is is so serious. Waffle House Ain't been back, Ain't been back to Waffle House. I don't Go to Waffle Waffle clip. She was on my page 10, somebody up this morning talking about me. Well, so she don't, she don't play. That's my little sister. Sha Keisha Clemons was attacked, brutally attacked and Dero and Dero in a waffle house.


'cause a white woman wanted to try to charge her for a plastic fork. And they, and, and, and they, what they did to her was something that it wasn't acceptable. But what was worse was that Waffle House response wasn't even to respectfully say we apologize for what took place. And we, you know, we don't condone the way in which our employee and the police officers came in here, they doubled down and acted like Sha Keisha Clemons was some type. Like she was in there doing a robbery. And Then they actually took her to trial. Right. And then tried to and convicted her. Exactly. The police took her to trial to say she did something to them. So crazy Waffle House been off my list mind. Okay, so I, I'm saying Starbucks, Muslims said I never, we are not going to Starbucks because of the, their support for and f by the way, Starbucks has been around in a cycle on my list of people that I don't shop with, but specifically around Israel, Palestine and the Palestinian people and Muslims in general saying we do not support Starbucks because of their support for the Israeli government.


And what is happening, unfortunately, whether you want to accept it or not is whose side or you are you on. That's just where we are. That's just reality. So Starbucks I be dying of. I got a cold. I used to like the medicine ball I had, I be my stomach be growling. Some airports you go in, all they have is a little Starbucks counter. And you know what I do get me some water from a store and keep it moving. I don't go in Starbucks. I'm saying all of this to say to you all that I know that I'm different. I know I was cut from a certain cloth revolution that is very, very different from most people.


I know that when a school calls me up or a corporation calls me up and, and, and they get in touch with Toya and they say they want me to speak at a conference or they want me to participate in some type of program, but they tell me that I need to scrub my Instagram page or I need to not say these things or don't do this thing or don't wear this. And I'd say I can't do those things. And they telling me that it's $25,000 or it's 50,000 for two sessions or it's whatever. I have turned it down many times.


I have had people call me on the phone and say to me, Tamika, your book is about to come out. Or your this is about to happen. Or y'all just, you know, announced the, the rebranding of your show. You got all these things going on. Let's just leave that alone for now. Yep. And strategically they might be right. Strategically what they're saying is probably, it's probably right that if I just go dark, stay under the radar and just, you know, you, 'cause there's different ways to work. You don't always Have to be in the front and loud. Right? Yeah. You can do things differently. You know, I've had people say that to me, Hey, just, you know, for that.


But that's not who I am. So I have to take that into consideration whenever I'm out here speaking to other people. That's right. That we are not all at the same place. We are not all on the same level and we are not all committed in the same way. Our sister Leslie Redmond said something so true yesterday. Les Leslie Redmond, who was the president of the Minneapolis chapter of the NAACP while we were there fighting for George Floyd. She said something yesterday. That is so true. Most people don't wanna be free. Most black people don't wanna be free.


They wanna be rich. That's, and that's the fact. And sometimes being rich looks like freedom. But if we know anything about that, Jay-Z said still, nigga OJ and all, everybody, you can have lots of money and still be treated like a nigga. And so that's a fact. Not to say we should not acquire wealth 'cause we should, but wealth and freedom are not the same thing. Yeah, it should, it should be a balance.


Right. And there should be real conversations. Like you said, you know, when we, when I looked at this whole target situation, when I'm just look at the last a hundred executive orders, right? And I a hundred, yeah, there's been a hundred, there's Hundred. I don know executive order signed in in the last week. And when I'm looking at how these things actually roll back civil rights that have been established for the last 50, 60 years, you know, and, and you really just sit there and think about this. And I say to myself, what are we willing to say? And I, and I've heard all these people, you know, they are, you know, we have, we have black scholars and black leaders that say, that's good. We don't need DEI.


You know, we need to separate anyway. We need to do our own. I don't know too many scholars that saying that, Well, Emini here, They think they scholars, they believe, but I don't know too many that said That. Okay, well these, these are, this is what they say. Dr. Claude Anderson has said that we need to separate and we need, and that's what it's going to take for us to do, is to build our own. And I do not disagree with those things. Right. I do believe that we need to separate, I do believe that we need to build our own, but I do not believe that we should build it while we are experiencing injustice. I don't believe that we should make it okay for them to do negative things to us. I don't believe we should be. Okay. Since we need to separate, you don't have to give us what you owed us. Right? We don't, we don't deserve the amount of reparations and things that we've earned in America.


I don't, I believe we should be doing both ads. It's like I'm in jail and I'm filing for my appeal. Right. But at the same time, trying to figure out if we got a break out And I got life inside of here And I gotta break out, I'm gonna do both of 'em at the same time. Just not going, not file for my you Gonna outta Jail. Yeah. If I, if I'm locked up for life for a crime I didn't commit. Okay. So this is what I'm trying to tell you. I want you to understand. We, we are inside of this is jail, right? For black people. We living in America, we were sentenced to life in America, right? And we trying to figure out how do we get our freedom back? 'cause that's what it is. This a lifetime being in America. So how do we get our freedom back? Now as I'm trying to search for my freedom, I know that America still owes me.


So sure I want reparations. I want repair, I want, you know, what has been owed to our ancestors who built America on its back and was never compensated for it. You know, we have built our own economies, time and time throughout history. And they have destroyed it. They burnt it down. They've disenfranchised us over hundreds and hundreds of times. This is documented. So I don't, I do not, you know, subscribe to the fact that we, what we asking for is a handout. We are not asking for handout. We are asking for we owe. But in the meantime, we should be building what, you know, our own economy. We should be building our own structure. We should try to separate and build out.


'cause everyone else has done that. But what I say when people say that to me is what are you willing to sacrifice for it? Right? Because the same people that saying, yo, we don't want nothing from the, the white man, and we don't want this with the same people that saying, well, we got a stimulus check, right? And they, and they wanted to make it seem like that was okay. But that's not a handout, right? The same people that say, that aren't willing to boycott, they aren't willing to stop spending their money with the people that's suppressing us. They don't want, they, they'll sit there and say, yeah, we don't need none of this. But you are not willing to make the sacrifices. Well, It just depends. Okay, because I, I just wanna make sure we put these things in little buckets because first of all, when you said they say Dr.


Claude Anderson and others have said that we need to separate, right? And I, And I don't know, like I know that Dr. Claude Anderson teaches a lot about independence and in all of that. But I would love for somebody to just show me where Dr. Anderson has said that black people do not deserve a seat at corporate tables. A seat in institutions that we should not have ourselves intertwined in systems where we are able to monitor what is happening with the millions of black people who are coming through the stores, the banks, the the colleges, the whatever.


I do believe building our own is important. And I wanna see us continue to do that. 'cause I believe that there are a lot of people who are in, they, they, they're building sustainable communities. They're building, you know, black banks. You got Greenwood, which is Killer Mike's bank. You have people that are doing all of these things. And so we don't wanna conflate them because I know that's a group. Then of course you have the stimulus check. It was more money in my pocket people. But those people, and these people are not the same, the same people the same. And then you have the people who are in the middle who are like to hell with everything. We don't need them for anything.


Here's my my thing, even with that, okay, I've been asking people all weekend, they said, well, we don't need, you know, we don't need anything from the white man. And by the way, I think anybody who's telling you that this moment, the executive orders and the things that's happening in this nation are not going to impact you. Any black person that says that to you, that it doesn't have to impact you or that it doesn't impact you. At least they are ignorant just and not ignorant in a negative way. But they don't know at best, they are dangerous when they tell you that. Because we are all living in a society that impacts every single one of us.


Everything that happens, it impacts all of us. Whether or not that, whether or not we realize it, even when we talk about violence in our communities, we talk about, you know, happiness in our communities. All of that is in fact influenced by what is happening in the atmosphere. So when you say that things don't impact people, it's very, it's a very dangerous statement to make because it does. All politics are local, all politics are local And they affect everyone. And they, and they impact all of us. If you drive, you got to have gas. Okay? If the gas price is high, that's going to impact you.


You wanna put your children in schools and all the things that you are doing every single day. Even if you only do a little bit and you, you're more self-contained, you still will if you breathe the air that's outside. If you don't have your own air, it is impacted by whatever chemicals are being put into the atmosphere or all of that. So I don't wanna say that, I don't want people to tell you that policies don't impact all of us, but we also have to keep in mind that as we move about building our own, So you Say we don't need targets and Walmarts and all of these places, right?


We don't need that. The average person in our community is not going to build our own. There's only gonna be a few people who do it, and then people who funnel into it and help it to thrive, right? That's how it works. So if you live in a food desert and you don't really have transportation, while we're on a five, 10 year process to building our own, which we should focus on, rather than focusing so much on being on the internet, telling everybody else, all of us, what we doing, right, wrong, this, that, and the third. But if you building something five, 10 years, then how is jojo going to eat?


Where is he going to work right now? And that, and that's another, that's, that's another conversation that I'm having when we have this conversation about Boycots and we talk about Target. You know, there's been this large conversation about there are black people who, vendors who have vendors, who have contracts with Target. And, and if we boycott Target, then it's going to hurt them. And we, we shouldn't do that. And I, And I say to myself, there are hundreds of thousands of people who are gonna be affected because of these policies that Target, and they're not gonna have jobs, they're not gonna have a way to survive this. They, they don't have, you know, the resources to be able to produce and be entrepreneurs there, families are going to suffer.


There are people who are in de oppositions, in in major, you know, stores and Target and all that. They going, their families are gonna be completely wiped out. Right? Well de yeah, okay. These are, this is the reality. They are people who are in positions For that. Not just in Target. No, I'm talking about, I'm just saying in, in Government, In go in everywhere, right? Because you, so I'm saying Target, because when we talk about we are targeting Target, they are, they were DEI departments in Target that these workers were working that no longer existed, right? So there, well, I don't know. There Are some whole departments that have, have been wiped, but I don't know if Target has fired a bunch of people. Well, if you scaling back, if you decided that you no longer are invested in DEI, then what is the department?


Where's the department gonna be at? Well, Because Emini here, I, I don't know Emini here, we, we, we shouldn't, I don't know that they had a specific department where people are going to be let go. They may have reassigned people giving them new titles or whatever. I don't know if that has happened. But I can tell you that in government offices, that has happened. That is definitely happening in, in, in educational institutions. That is happening. That is happening. So I can't say in Target. So what I'm saying is, in general, just based off the, the, the policy, The culture of D the Culture, OFI And I dismissal Exactly is going to disenfranchise thousands of black people. More maybe, and probably millions, Probably million.


So what I'm trying to say is, are we saying that the one or 200 people who are important that we, not saying they don't have value, but their finances supersede the cause of the many. Are we saying that they we are willing to sacrifice the millions of people's livelihoods and just the law and establishing something that is going to Well, the respect, no, It's, I'm Of the masses, the Respect of the masses, right? And, and the law, the, the, just the impact that it's gonna have, right? Because once, if you don't stand for something, then you're gonna fall for anything. And if they can say, okay, you know what, we just gonna take that from y'all and that's it. And there's no response, there's nothing for us to sacrifice. No un that's not enough of us that's willing to sacrifice.


So that 200 people can continue to thrive. Might Be more than That. Or maybe 300. But I know it's in the hundreds, it ain't in the thousands, right? They say it's Thousands. They saying, so they, they saying that Target has contracts with thousands of black people. It's not just black people. Because the, because becauser, I'm not saying, I don't ever wanna use the word the term DEI, I wanna say it completely. Diversity, equity, and inclusion. Yes. Because when you say those words, it makes it clear what somebody is saying that their, their, they have a problem model no longer fits.


Diversity, equity, And inclusion. Equity is what y'all on the internet, all the internet Negroes that know everything, that talk everything about why this one and that one is weak and this one ain't no good. And this one don't. No, no, y'all are talking about equity, building equity having more than enough for us to survive, right? So these companies are saying diversity, equity, and inclusion. So to your point, but I tell People it might be a thousand, might be a thousand, it might be 1500. Okay, well, I don't, I, But it's still not, I'm, maybe it's a thousand, but based on what I've been hearing, there's been hundreds, few hundred, a few hundreds of people.


So what I'm trying to say is I think I'm willing to sacrifice, I've sacrificed all the time, but like you said, I know that I'm built different. I know that there's a level of revolutionary in me that most people don't have. That's not like I was willing, somebody did something to Kyrie who was somebody I had never met prior to that. But just to, I, I, I identified with him in his struggle. I said that these hundreds of pair of sneakers that I have, I no longer need them. And I'm willing to throw them away because that's how strong I am in my conviction about saying, fuck you. Because that's how I feel. Everybody is not gonna do that. I understand that. But if we are not willing to, at the drop of a dime say we are willing to stand on principle and lose whatever it takes to establish a level of respect amongst our culture, then we are going to find ourself back at the same position.


So a lot of people saying, well, you know, we gotta figure out how do we go about it? Boy, we gotta do the and, And I And I, I'm all for strategy, but I understand that the longer we take to strategize, right, the longer we take, the longer the, the more ground we lose, the more energy we lose. The right now people are fired up. They're looking and saying, damn, this is, this is happening in real time. So if what our leadership has to say in our leadership, we have to say, listen, we gotta understand who's with us and who's not with us. 'cause you sometimes you lose time trying to bring somebody to your cause that ain't gonna come with you anyway. Well, it Emini here.


I have multiple feelings about that. I think that yes, we do have to move with the time when you hear a cry from the community, or if you hear, just to give A-A-A-A-A better example. If you hear a cry from a baby, you want to go at least and look and address whatever it is. But if you know that the baby is crying out in the moment because they're hungry and the food is not prepared, you have to go let the baby cry for a little while, while you prepare a meal that is going to nourish them. But the problem Is the baby won't cry for too long in these situations where we deal with, I understand in our communities, people have outrage for one week and two weeks, but that, and then what happened is the news cycle changes.


Somebody talks about that this happened with Cardi B and this and that, people is on that. Yeah. But this, we, but the thing about this time, mice, I I wanna say to you that those people are gonna drop off anyway. So that means that the people you're talking about are people who we would never be able to sustain anything with because they're not serious about or committed to it anyway. Right? The purpose of planning and strategizing is that, and especially in this particular time period, they are not gonna stop doing the things that they're doing. It's going to get worse. So there will be a need for a response that is not just about Target, but a response that is about all this shit that's happening.


And how do we use our economic power to be our voices in the midst of a fascist government that is attempting to take away our rights and to make us second class citizens. That's what we have to be thinking about. And so, yes, target is now, And I am one of those people just like you. They ain't never got to call me since they don't want diversity. I damnit I'm diverse. They don't want equity. I believe in equity and they don't want inclusion. No problem. Yeah, I don't care about it. I don't, you don't, you don't need, well, it Emini here about, I don't even care about inclusion that you to About just gimme Me the E but even when we talk, whichever one is your thing, whichever one is your thing, the diversity, the equity, or the inclusion, whichever one is your thing.


Because again, we are not asking white people to give us money, right? We are not saying inclusion means we want white people to give us money. We're saying, I made a product, I made Jaden made this good water. This is a good product. This is not a product that needs pity, it needs whatever. And guess what? Black people shop at Target. So we are saying we wanna be in the shelf, on the shelf in the place where our people shop, where, where our people are walking past it. That's what inclusion meant means. It means that you can't have black people walking up and down these aisles.


And the only thing they can find on the shelves are your things that you profit off of. That makes sense. Inclusion means my black product needs to be sitting right next to the polling spring, the Smart water and whomever else, because we also deserve to be on these shelves since our people make up part of the economy that keeps you going.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music has got the the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Now, here's what I wanna say to get to your point about how do I feel hearing black women especially say, I put everything that I have on the line to get my product on these shelves to be included. And going back to the Kyrie Irving example, while Kyrie has incredible sneakers, we already saw them. You have a pair of two, two pairs, whatever. I don't got nothing. I don't know why I didn't ask for myself. Oh, because of my size. That's what it was. But, but anyway, he, he has a, a line that's doing well. When we were in whatever country in South Africa, people were like buying and people were walking around in him.


So we know that he's going to do well, but the distribution is different. And that's why people are making sure they get in target in the big box stores because the the corner store, sneaker store, that's cool. You wanna be there too. Just like Nike is in there too, just like New Balance is in there too in order to scale. So that a little, 'cause in Monroeville, Alabama where my family members live, they ain't got no small, too many small sneaker stores. Maybe they got one, but not really. Right? They might have a sneaker store that sells like sketches and, and that has something for people who have prosthetic legs or something, you know, like elderly people. But they don't have a fly ass sneaker store. Should somebody open one?


No problem. I agree with that a hundred percent. But they got Walmart, right? And so when people are, this is why people wanna be in these places where the masses can get to their product, it builds generational wealth. And generational wealth ultimately helps people in our community because our people generally hire their own people, right? And so we, so I I I get the point, I get the point of why we want diversity, equity, and inclusion because we are the engine that fuels these companies. But I just wanna say this because I, I know that there are people who wanna know how I feel about the video that Tabitha Brown, who I absolutely adore, I love Tabitha Brown.


I share her videos, I talk about what she said everywhere because she's so authentic and beautiful. And I, Courtney Ale, love Courtney. Courtney has supported us in, in the past, I've been in, in space with her. She has the, the, the main, excuse me, the main choice. I support these women And I see what they're saying and that's why I stopped to listen because I know what struggles they have been through in order to get to where they are today. But I want to frame this and it's very important that people hear me. One, it is not not smart because I heard that somewhere that let's be smart.


It is not, not smart to take your money and put it in your pocket when you feel you're being disrespected. That is very smart. So it is not, not smart to say, I don't wanna spend my money. And, and, And I, And I'm gonna tell you another thing. If you are spending your money in a store with a brand or you are going into places and spaces and doing business with people and they disrespect you, damn, you should be emotional as a motherfucker. When people keep talking about don't be so emotional, it's too much emotions. I am extremely emotional about the blood, sweat, and tears that I put into every dollar that comes into my bank account.


True. Every dime I make, it's an emotional battle for me because I know that if it were not for me getting my ass up out the bed every single day, hustling, dealing with situations and people that I don't wanna deal with, feeling the pain, the pain of the struggle of what it takes to be able to survive. That is an emotional thing between me and my resources, right? So when you disrespect me, I emotionally can respond and say, you won't get a dime. Now, should leaders be strategic? Absolutely. But consumers have the right to decide, as has been said, or both Courtney and Tabitha and others have said, do what you think is right.


So nobody has said don't do it. But when we said we were going to boycott Gucci, they told us. But Dapper Dan is there and he has a, a partnership with them. We don't wanna abandon Dapper Dan. When we said we were going to boycott Waffle House, they said, but what about the employees? We don't know. It might create this, that, and the third. The point is that every time we get ready to say we are, we are not going to spend our money somewhere. We are told. But what about this, that and the third, and brothers and sisters, ladies and gentlemen, I wanna tell you today that I understand the challenges because as Angelo said to us when we were meeting yesterday or whatever day, black folks are always in the catch 22.


We always in a between a rock and a hard place trying to figure out how we are gonna move forward. But the one thing I understand so clear about oppression and about the, the, the white man who believes that they have power and dominion over us is that they have studied our patterns and they sit back and they watch us dismantle even our own people's frustration. We are able to dismantle a movement without even negative intentions. It's not even in intentionally. We're just trying That's right. To figure out which way to go.


So whenever black people get real mad and we ready to move, our own people are the ones who help to shift the energy. And we gotta be real careful about that. Real careful about that. And so I personally am not going to target, but I'm not going to join any particular call for boycott yet. And that is because I wanna go back to the teachings of Dr. King Operation Bread Basket when he was thinking through economic withdrawal and they were using their economic power and they had points that they studied and they had points to their movement.


And so there's a lot of work that needs to be done. And I'm not taking away strike for all people who are doing different things. You got people out here saying, I'm just gonna walk in the door and I'm going to get just the black products. You got people who are saying they're gonna do all types of things, but for us to have the impact necessary to show these people that we're not playing with them, we are going to need to come together to sit down, to talk through what our steps are, what our goals are, and what it is that we are attempting to accomplish. And then make a move that our people can get behind and understand. Because right now all this confusion, everybody's, this one says this, this one says that you lose people in the middle of it.


Yeah. And then I'm say this last thing, And I promise I won't say another word. You, you talking good though. No, but I, I just wanna say one last thing. It is, And I, And I, I struggle because the last thing that I want is to be at odds with our people. We've got enough, we got division, we have so many things that pulls us in different directions and people just struggling. People just, and people, some people are just trying to figure it out as we go along.


All of us have those moments. And so I want to be conscious of that because we, most of the people that I see involved in this truly love black people. Like we love black people. And so IIII wanna be conscious of that, but I wanna say to you that movements protest and most importantly, fighting oppression is not convenient or comfortable. Never will be. People will hurt. People will lose. People will suffer. But I promise you for everything that I love that if we stand up and we do it majority together, right?


Even though some people may lose the gain on the end is for a long stretch, I can't say a lifetime 'cause they always circle back. But it's a long stretch that we will be able to make gains even with our own young people being able to look at us and see that we stood for something. That's right. And the idea that some of us are gonna walk into Target and say, I'm just gonna purchase the black brands. Perhaps some people might do that. I think it's a lot of people that's gonna do that. But the majority of our people will easily slip back into, well, they got the paper towels on sale today.


They got the this a boycott is a boycott. If we say we don't shop at Target, we don't shop at Target. Yes sir. We do e-commerce. We figure out how to support people, but we cannot be walking in and out the door. 'cause another thing I said, I was gonna say nothing, but another thing is that your presence is also a part, or lack thereof is a part of a boycott your presence. Okay? So when you, when you come through the door, that in and of itself Is a co-sign. That in and of itself shows where you stand and it deflates Other Stand. It deflates other people because the reality of the situation is there are people who have seen, I'm not going to the store.


I'm, I'm gonna boycott. And they, and they watch you walk into that store and they just see like, damn, what, what Am I say? But I need to go to Target anyway. I need Target too. It's the only store that I have anyway. And people, people Out there. We need accountability. We need people to hold us to keep us strong. Like, you know, 'cause a lot of people are, this is shopping is addictive. Yeah, absolutely. You know, especially when you, when you go to your Target and that's your favorite store, you go every hour and they got what you want and, and, and you used to that and you, you, you, you're fighting against that urge and you see somebody else that, you know, has that same urge to say, look, I know it's hard, but we ain't going in that target and y'all walk to another store and you start getting used to it. Yeah. We need, we listen to me. I'm like you said, we, we have to be steadfast and we have to be unified in, in order to get, because on the other side of it, it shows these people that they can't play with us.


It shows them that, you know what, we have to make consentions, we have to come back, we have to rethink this. We have to have meetings because we, we, we moved a little too fast. And that's, and that's what history has taught us. Yeah. When we talk about Operation Break baskets and we talk about Dr. King and the boycotts they had is because they were willing to sacrifice for a year. They were willing to say, I'm not going to do this. The majority of us, 99% of us are not going. Sure. There was people who be, and we, and There are people right now who need the bread and they only have a Walmart or they only have a target. And we understand that. And, and, and you know, we have to do in our organizer, we have to figure out how do we get them some bread, right? And how do we get them to another store? You know, these as, as thoughtful leaders.


This is what I wanna talk about. I wanna talk about, okay, we are boykin, right? We gonna go outside and we gonna pick it in front of, we gonna pick a to a target today and we gonna go out and we gonna explain why we not going to target. We're gonna tell people where else they can go. We gonna say, you know what we willing to set up, we have two or three cars a day that's willing to take you. If you can't get to another store, we going willing to drop. These are things, these are strategic things that we have to do to show community, to show unity that we not just doing something on a whim, but that's what the Panthers was doing. That's what Dr. King and them was doing. They were utilizing their resources, they were utilizing their bodies. They were able to give, give whatever we can. And that's when we come together like that. There's no way that they can beat us. Yeah. There is absolutely no way that they can beat us.


So I, I'm I'm saying to you, I already know what I'm willing to sacrifice. I know how far Tam Tamika's willing to go and sacrifice on behalf of our people and to get the respect and the dignity. Not even just the resource, but the dignity that we deserve. Because if they think that they can do whatever they want to to you, then they will do whatever they want to, to you. So this is what it is at this moment right now. There are a lot of people who are feeling confused. They're watching on the news. You see all these type of things I'm telling you, take a deep breath. Take a deep breath and say the only thing that's gonna win is our unity. When we show them that we not breakable, when we show them that we not weak. When we show them that we not scared, then they, they have no choice for awa.


You know, they say if you look the devil in his eye, he will flee. And it's time for us to look the devil in his eyes. Absolutely. Absolutely. Well, I think there's, you know, I, I have a whole bunch more stuff here, but I think that you, we have covered it all, you know, And I, I I would, I will circle back to my point that I am completely understanding and aware of how challenging and how complex these moments are in these situations because they get us wrapped up in different ways. You know, they do. You get, you get y'all. But I know that a boycott is a boycott.


I know that everybody's not gonna do it. I know that the people who are involved, these black businesses who can be substantially hurt, they love black people. At least the ones I know. They love black people. And I also know that we are not, I personally in the position that I'm in, I cannot sit by and not at least tell us where we are and make sure that people understand what's happening. Yeah, I know you can't just take your product off the stand off the, the, the shelf.


But there ought to be a morality clause for you too. That's right. They ought to be if, if you are my partner. 'cause Target was supposed to be these people's partner. They never said that Target, they never said that that Target was the employer of X, Y, Z black brands or XY, z women owned brands. They said they were partners. That's right. Right. That's why one of the things that we've been told that's a big risk is that if you don't sell your product, you either owe them money or you, you end up with all the product and no money. Right? So because that's what partnerships look like.


But, and, and, and by the way, people, some of these same brand owners, I'm talking about all of them, they're so, please let's not do the old Tamika said this about Tabitha or this about so and so and such and such. 'cause that's not what I'm talking about. I'm talking about the whole pie, right? If you black brand or black woman was so much of a partner of targets, why would they not pick up the phone and call you to tell you that this is what was going to happen? So already there's a breach in terms of what that partnership looks like because they should have been sitting with you saying, we're doing this new thing.


We we're, we're trying to figure out how we are gonna go about it. We wanna tell you that this is gonna impact you because there are people that since I'm doing what I'm doing, they not gonna work with you no more. How do we know that that's the case? Because we discuss that in our board meetings all the time. Yeah. For until Freedom and other organizations that I'm a part of. In fact, when I went to Savior's Day and was called anti-Semitic for being a supporter of the Nation of Islam, there were people who stopped working with me. People pulled their money and there were people I was on boards that I was asked to resign from.


Because the morality clause is that if you do something in this partnership that we have that harms the brand of another person, then how does that impact me and my organization, my company? This is what these people said to me. So if Target is your partner, why did they not even have the respect to pick up the phone and have a meeting with people and say, Hey, this is what's going on. So that you could get prepared for what is to come. It didn't happen. It didn't happen. So the partnership, so the partnership has been breached. Okay. Not wanting diversity, equity, and inclusion should at least be something that lawyers can look at to see if there's a morality clause that has been broken on their behalf.


That's right. All of these things need to be done And I'm sure it is being done. But the point that I'm making here is that the consumer who chooses to walk in the door and just do a little this and little, do a little of that, that is still crossing the picket line. It is, it's crossing the picket line. Sorry to tell y'all how we figure it out from here. From a e-commerce perspective or what we need to do, we need to figure that out. I'm not going to target, but I understand that there are some people who will say, well, I, I, this is my product or these are people that I respect and I'm going to do that.


In the meanwhile, however, we as leaders need to come together to figure out what our people can do collectively. Collectively to address what we know is an onslaught that if other people in America have a cold, even the flu, we as black people are going to experience a pandemic. So we better be aware that what they're doing over here, the homie, they gonna do to you A hundred times worth. So there's that. On That note, we'll end this show without my, I don't get it And I had a lot of stuff to say about, I don't get it. But I think this boycott in this situation with Target was extremely important for us to speak about.


Please let us know how you feel. We want to hear all sides, especially from our people who are going to be impacted by what's going on in Target. Just let us know. Once again, I'm not gonna always be right Tamika d mall's not gonna always be wrong, but we both always and Emini here. Always be authentic. Peace. That's how we own it.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hi, this is Ruthie Rogers, host of Ruthie's Table four. This week my guest is Zoe Salana and what a woman she is. I come from a family And I do know this, that it's a cultural thing. We dance. If you failed a test, We danced. If you passed it, you know what Emini here, it's you just Dance and you dance meen and you dance salsa, and everybody sits in someone's backyard. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple, or wherever you find your podcast,


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.