
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


you are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Good Morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. And it's Tuesday. That's right. And hopefully you're having a happy holiday. You are enjoying your break if you have a break. If not. Well, today's show is all about the kings of r and b. That's right. And when we talk about the kings of r and b, we're talking about our good brother Jacquees. We're talking about tank and death rows on October, London. All right. That's, that's the newest artist on the Snoop Dogg's label. Death Row records. All right. We're gonna get that back on this morning, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Bernie.


This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me. I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Jamal from Jersey. What's good, Jamal from Jersey? Take us off Bluetooth for speakerphone if you got us on that, brother. No doubt, no doubt. I want to tell Tonya. Tonya, you know who you are. You're driving to work right now. I want you outta my house. You ain't got a key. My wife's gotta come open the door for you. We try the do a favors for you. Get out when you get off of work tonight. Don't come here.


Envy, please. Nope. Tell her don't come here. I'm not here. Sound like you got a side chicken. A wife. Yeah. It sounds like y you the messed up, By the way. Welcome back. Jess. Jess. This is a mess. She needs to go. Oh, she gotta go. What did Tanya do, bro? Yo, she's only been here two weeks. It feels like two years. I can't take it. She, I just don't wanna see her face. Tanya. You know I'm talking to you. You go, you going to work right now. And when you get off, don't come here now. Tanya, your girlfriend, is she or You and your wife's girlfriend? Who is she? Tanya is a friend of my wife from college. I respect her. I like her. She cool. But she gotta get her stuff together, please. What Did Tanya do? Right?


What does she do? I Don't know. She probably got his wife doing some common stuff. So I tell you what she didn't do. She didn't get a man. She ain't got no support. She ain't got nobody else to go to. So why do you want her out? What does she do So disrespectful that you're kicking Tanya out the house, bro. Yo, it's not disrespect, you know, it's just discomfort. Isn't that enough? You just want your house back to, to yourself. Can You give her a little bit of time? Come On now. Yeah, but not, I love it and respect that. She cool acting. You Just say you need to get your stuff, get out. You ain't got nobody, Nothing. And does your wife agree? 'cause you might say this and your wife might, you know. Yeah. Not agree with you, bro, because That's our girl. My wife say Jamal, she's my friend. Please just hold on. She's gonna find a place.


She's cool with it. She, she don't, she don't, she respect that what I say. So she understands that I want a gun, but it come on now. I just, I just don't want to hear no more. Mm. Okay. All right. Well, Tanya, I like you. I know you listening right now. I know you probably laughing at me, but Nah, please just find a man or something, you know? Damn. You just wanted to find a man overnight. Just, all right. All right. Well thank you brother. So have a good day, y'all. Y too. You Try To have have A good day after. That's not like a TV movie. Hello? Who's this? Top of the morning. Top of the morning. What's up bro? Good morning. How you doing? How you doing? I just wanted to say, I just wanted to say, man, it's raining out here.


I'm a truck driver. I just want everybody to be careful. That's all I wanted to say. That was it. Hey, I appreciate it. You in a truck now? Yes, sir. Yes, sir. You know what I need? Come On baby. Come on man. You already know, man. There you go, man. Have a good one. You too, man. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? It's Sheila. Good Morning Breakfast Club. Hey Sheila. Good morning. How Are you? I'm doing good. Hey, I wanted to tell you just, I saw your movie twice And I think you need a part two. Don't you think it was really good? I think it do. Nobody been calling up there talking about it? I think it do. 'cause I don I need to know what happened to Leah after she got slapped, Girl.


Yeah. Thank you so much for supporting me. I ain't on movie like This. I know, right? I appreciate you baby. Don't do Like this. I'm gonna watch it this weekend And I gotta watch that this weekend. And I gotta watch Penguin this weekend. Yes. So I gotta, it, it is my daughter's competition, so I got a little time when they, when they are in between their, their little dance meets. I can watch all the movies. I need to make Sure you do. Okay. Okay. DJ in me. I got one more thing. I will ask you two more things. I want one of your books. I I got Charlamagne book. Can I get one of your books? Sure. Absolutely. Real life, real love. It's a, it's a relationship book and, and hopefully it can help people out with their relationship. Me and my wife been together 30 years. We've been married, 23. And we talk about everything, not just the good that, that everybody hears and sees on Instagram.


When you hear people's relationships, we talk about everything that got is there from insecurity, infidelity to everything, but, and how we, we made it through. So I will definitely send it to you. If you hold on, I can get your information and send it right to you. 1, 1, 1 more thing. Ain't gonna hold y'all no longer, but I wanna shout out to my mental poetry health group for four years, galaxy of Poets on Instagram. So shout out to them. We celebrated our fourth, fourth year in November. So I'm shout out to that group. Okay. And your name is Sheila, right? S-H-E-L-A. It's Sheila. S-H-E-L-I-A. Yes. LIA. Okay, I got you mama. Hold on. Okay. Okay. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, man. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way dress. Everything with Me is best. Call up next. Five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Good morning calling live from Rikers Island. Hey, good morning from Rikers Island. Get it off your chest. First Of all, I wanna give a shout out to everybody who welcome Rikers Island is a very tough job to be in law enforcement in Rikers Island. You a co and give respect, give the inmates respect. I'm everything. 'cause I, I'm anonymously speaking. I don't wanna be retaliated on, but I'm not an inmate.


I'm currently a, a staffer at DOC And I wanna give a shout out to everybody who does the job productively without bringing in contraband or any un unauthorized items and still giving the inmates what they supposed to have with respect. I do wanna recognize the people that do not acknowledge people for the job that we do, which is a tough job. And, you know, shout out to people that do the job correctly. That's all. Okay. Thank you very much. We appreciate your service, man. I hope you're treating the shout out to New York. Rikers Island. Thank You. Hope you're treating the inmates with respect or not all of 'em, but No, they Treat, they treat, they treat staffers with respect, who give respect. But it, like I said, it's a skill to work on Rikers Island. It's definitely a Skill, I'm sure. Gotcha. Thank you, mama. Hello.


Who's this? It's Duke from Carolina. Duke from Carolina. Get it off your chest. What Part, what? Carolina? North or South? South Carolina. Okay. What part? North, South Carolina, Orangeburg County. Oh, Oberg. Salute to Orangeburg. Just Hilarious. I got a phone to Pig with you. Oh Lord. What's that? Why is you sleeping with your best friend's husband? Oh my. I'm disappointed in you. He must be talking about the movie. Must talking About the movie. I'm disappointed in you Jess. I Know. Well Was Chris When, when, when this was happening. Don't tell us to plot of the movie, man. We ain't get to watch it yet. What's the name of the movie on Peacock? Jess. I hate, I love you, you streaming now on Peacock. Look here. My, my, my old lady need a Best Friend. I think you would be a perfect candidate for Her.


Oh, you better get off this phone. Is it good? The movie good. It it's decent. I I, I liked it. I watched it all the way through. I'm gonna watch it. I'm gonna watch it. Name I'm watching. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just on Peacock. I think I hate you. No, I hate I love you. I hate I love you. I hate, I love You. Thank you dude. Thank Thank you sir. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. The King Of R b Ladies. Gentlemen. Jaqui. Yes sir. What's up brother?


What's up? How you Feeling? Feeling good man. Slow motion And congratulations on, on the Baby. Thank You man. In general, man. Engage. I was Doing a lot. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot going in my world, man. But I'm feeling good. I'm blessed. I can't handle it. And the name of the album is Baby Macon. Yeah, it's called Baby Macon. So it's all about that night. Exactly. S that night. Yeah. My first, my first number one album for real. Not on Billboard, but on Apple Music. I teach stuff. Feel good to have that get a little accomplishment under my belt. What is baby making music to you? To me baby. Making music just like, you know, music that make you, that make you want to feel like you wanna have a baby. Like, you know, it's basically like a sex playlist. I feel like this album is basically like what people create when they put all their music together for the sex playlist.


You know, I feel like baby making is that, you know, you don't have to go put a bunch of songs together. You could just really just play this album through and it's just a get you where you need to go. You said you, you 30 now you said 20. I turned 30, yeah. Third 30. I'll be 31 next year. Yeah. Congratulations on your engagement. Thank you. And this, this is the, you are entering, well you already entered the fourth decade of your life, right? So, oh wow. Yeah. Yeah, that's, I ain't know that how it go. No, third. So it's the third Decade. No it's not. So from one to 10, that's one. 10 to 20. That's two. Oh, it's in tens. 20 to 30. That's three. So that's three. So now, yeah, that you three decades. So next year I already, three decades is already done. Okay. Then you walking into my next, so you're entering your fourth. Okay. Facts decade of like talk that, talk Justin, so that you already know what's up with me.


So when did you know it was time? Like how did you, when did you decide, like, was it because you're 30 now? I think I'm just going with God in the motion. You know what I'm saying? Honestly, that's honestly my, my answer. Like, you know what I'm saying? I done had a bunch of different answers. But now just waking up today and just seeing like, you know, just everything. Like, you know, I just think like, I'm just going what God say. You know what I'm saying? Like, I know with men, like, it's always a time. 'cause I had started seeing like different dudes in the game. Like, I'm like, okay bro. Married bro, married bro, married bro, married different things. And I just think for me, like I'm, I've, I've already had like a couple like experiences with women and different things like that. So I, I think for me it's like, okay, I'm not missing nothing on that side. That's right. That's right. You know, she make me feel good, you know what I'm saying?


So I be like, how I live my life is, I don't want to have no regrets in my life. You know what I'm saying? I want to like, do everything that I know I'm supposed to be doing. Like I know marriage is a part of life, you know? So I don't want to keep guessing. Like, okay, she gonna be the one, she gonna be the one. I'm just taking a chance. Like I said, I'm just going with God. I think she's it. She make me feel whole. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She make me want to be better than I was before. But damn. How did y'all meet? We met through Patman Jones. You feel me? Patman knows my, that's like my big brother. He had, he called me one day, he FaceTimed me in like 2021. And he, he was in Jamaica with Deandre and her family. They, you know, they, they they, they been tight. Deion Sanders, like his God pops or whatever. He called me and he was like, bro, I'm out here with Deandre Sanders. I'm like, bro, who that?


He like, man, Dion Don. I'm like, man, I don't care about all that bro. Like, what's up? He like, man s scene four. I'm like, bro, I don't be singing. I'm like, bro, you be a little drunk. I'm like, bro, what? I'm like, bro, what s for I'm bro, I ain't finna be like, bro, it's a birthday bro. Like I'm telling you this what you need to be doing Ing. I'm like, pat serious too. I'm like, bro, I'm not singing. But he turned the camera. When I seen her, I started singing. You started singing me? Yeah. I instantly started singing. I'm like, what song was it that got it? I don't know if I started singing Happy Birthday. Yeah. You sing a couple songs. One of your two, I don't know if I sung you. I think I sung Happy birthday though, because I think it was her birthday And I think I just, well I know it was her birthday. It was her 31st.


And I remember I just started singing and after that I told Pat like, dang, she, you know, she pretty like, she dope. Like, you feel me? Like who that I tried to know like Deion Santa, her daughter. Why you know, Dion? I'm like, oh, for real. I jumped in her dms and then that I met her, she met me in Miami. We met each other in Miami. And then we just hit it off from then. But then we was just friends. Like, you know, I was in like a, I was like, I was in a relationship but I was, I would be off with my girl for like two months, you know what I'm saying? Or month, me and my girl would be going at it, you know what I'm saying? And during those times I would meet people like this when my relationship was just like, you know, I was just not the best man I am now. You know what I'm saying? So I would just, I would meet people in those breaks. You know what Emini here and she was one of the people I met, but we was friends.


But I feel like it's so strong because we was friends first. I saw you sit down with our family, Nala Simone. And you were talking about your fiance and you said she helped play a role in you getting sober. Yeah. Hell yeah, for sure. Like, I, I ain't drunk no liquor since like March 13th, you know what I'm saying? I was a real drinker. Like, you feel me? Like, you know, a person that just was drink to just, it had became a part of my life. You know what I'm saying? And when it become a part of your lifestyle, it's like you don't even notice when you slumping people have to tell you, you know what I'm saying? But then I start like just getting terrible, you know what I'm saying? Just getting terrible. Like, like, like not being jaqui that people knew me to be. 'cause people would meet me and be like, damn, I mess with Jaqui. Like, you know what I'm saying? But then, you know, I would have like some type of little stain on my name for something that had something to do with alcohol.


Yeah. You know what, Emini here. And then it would just like give people a reason to judge me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like, I'm one of them people where it's like, I ain't got no nothing. But it's like, oh, I, I gave them a reason with alcohol. Yeah. So I had to like clean myself up and she really helped me. We got back, I got back in church and just started amazing doing everything that I needed to do. You know what I'm saying? And now I feel like, like going in the direction that I need to be. You know what I'm saying? I like, I just had to my first number one album, like I said, it wasn't Billboard but it was still like letting me know like, okay, this is what you can be doing. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm getting a taste of it. You know what I'm saying? I know God always give you a little bit before you get a lot. So I'm like, okay, you feel me? Boom. Like even on certain things in my career, like, you know what I'm saying? I know like, okay, I probably has the wrong people around me.


Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like even with certain things, I make a lot of money, but I ain't made the most money I could make. You know what I'm saying? Probably like God, probably like, okay, you probably got some people around you that don't need, 'cause I'm a giver, you know, it's a lot of things that have been like cleaned up in my life, but I'm like slow rolling and I'm, and I'm knowing like okay, I know what's coming on the other side, you feel me? So it keep me motivated. Like it was a time where I couldn't even see my future. You feel me? Like I would be in places but I can't even tell you like what I'm gonna do. And like people ask like, Hey, where'd you see yourself in five years? Yeah. I couldn't even tell you what I'm gonna be doing next week. 'cause of the alcohol. Alcohol, I just was blind. Like I just had got cloudy. You feel me? I had just got like on some rebellious, you know what I saying? Like I won where I want to be in my career personally. It wasn't going right. You know what I'm saying?


You know when you get in the bag you like, like we'll do some shows, we'll get some money. I had lost my whole thing. Like I was looking back at pictures. I'm like, damn. I had my shirt off on my stomach was hanging over my pants. Damn. When was that Jaque out? This was last year when I went on tour with Tin. Oh. Like I was like damn. But then I ended up losing 30 pounds, you feel me? I got in the gym. I'm like, I changed the way I start, I ate, you feel me? I changed everything, you feel me? Because I'm like, I owe it to myself. You feel me? I was like, bro, if I don't make it to where I need to make it to, I can't even blame. Hmm. Like I can't be like, oh Birdman. And I can't, I can't say that you feel I'm saying. I would have to say like, man could you that up? That's God though. You know, because God, God will show you so many people can't see themselves. Yeah.


So for God to give you that self-awareness and let give you a choice. Like look, I'm showing you what you are and you got a choice to do the right thing for you to do the right thing. Yeah. March 13th bro. I stop drinking. Especially Your friends around you. 'cause you know some of your friends around you got arrested at and not here no more. So you got, you gotta see it firsthand. Yeah. That's a lot then bro. I was totaling cars. I totaled three cars. I didn't get no scratches. Mm. You feel me? And when I would go back in the spots and look at where I totaled the cars, it was always some that was supposed to be fatal. I was always like, damn. Like I would total a car, jump out the car, run straight to the house. Full speed. No stopping. That is crack. That is Crack Pro. Alright. We got more with Jacquees when we come back. His album Baby Making is out now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Shene the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jais. Charlamagne. You know one thing I love that your, your girl did she told you that you can't name? Was it you can't name the son? Yeah. Your son can't have your last name if y'all Nah. But y'all know that was, that wasn't the truth. I'm glad we talking about that. Oh That wasn't the truth. No, she didn't want him to be a junior. The last name was never a problem. You know what I'm saying? So he was, he was gonna be a broad next regardless. Got you. Got you. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Like the name was always gonna be double regardless. Like even when we finalized, like when we go through with our marriage and everything, all my kids will be Sanders Broad Nexts. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not gonna make Snow. The only Sanders bro. Nexts like his little sister be Sanders broad Nexts. His little brother will be Sanders Broad everybody.


So yeah, it was, it was more so a thing where I wanted his name to be Rodriguez Jacquees bro. Next Jr. At first. You know what I'm saying? She fought you on that one, huh? Yeah, because now this what it happens. 'cause so when we wasn't married or whatever, whatever the case was, she had always told me like, I wanna keep my last name and just add on. Like, but me, I was cool with that because I'm like, well you are Deandre Sanders, that's your brand. I don't really, and a father's legacy. Yeah. It's Like, that's what I want. I got four daughters so I ain't got no sons. So I I want the same thing. Yeah. It's like I'm cool with that. You know what I'm saying? Your brand. But it's like, but then when we pull up someone, she's like, well I'm Miss Brox. You know what I'm saying? That's my last name. That always made me feel good too. 'cause my son is Snow Sanders broad name. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, we made it work out. I know everybody was like, man, he only married her because of the last name.


But it's like, nah bro. She was, the kid would've had my last name regardless me anyway. I wanted to marry shawty. It wasn't about like for the baby that's like foolish. You know what I'm saying? Like I'm not that type dog. Like I'm not marrying you just so this kid have my name. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I'm gonna sign a birth certificate, have my name, you know what I'm Saying? So that, that whole story was fixed. You know, It was Ka bro. I was just waiting to get on the right interview to say something. Wow. You know what? I see. That's why I'm glad I say allegedly about, yeah. A Lot of, I want y'all to ask me some more bro. A lot of shit ka about me. I can't wait to straight everything ka about Jacquees. So I be paying attention to the music. I don't be, I don't, that ain't be trying your boy man. You gotta pay attention. I wanted to ask you this more specifically, 'cause we went past it a little quick.


That that had to be sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for a woman too. Especially when it's y'all first. And that's news that y'all wanna put out. But when Dreezy put it out there first, what was your initial reaction? And then what was Deandre too? Because she had told us. I was, that's how we found out y'all was pregnant. I was from Dreezy was, I was, I was hot. And I'm gonna tell you like the reason I did it, And I, and I know that I, I'm probably wrong or was wrong or the way I was thinking because of course as me, we grew up, we learned, I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay. As a friend, you know, as a respectful dude, you know what I'm saying? I was with Dres for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just found out through The World.


Okay, so you act, you told Dre, Dre, I know Deandre, that she was going tell Dreezy. Nah, nah, I told, oh you just told, I told D like yeah. I was like, look, I'm having a baby. You know what I'm saying?


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. Classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte To make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pic of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending message after work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses. RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there, find out more at State Farm dot com.


Like Deandre having a baby. You know, I want a G to respect, to let you know, like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let you like, you know, I don't want you to be blinded where you embarrassed or you know what I'm saying, these type of things, you know what I'm saying? But she went out and put it out, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. She said you were begging to get her pregnant too. I was, I was so lost, bro. Like I would tell you the truth bro. I was one of 'em. Like I said, I wanted my cake and eat it too. And I was drinking. So you know, when you're drinking you're not making the proper dec decision. And she said you sent draws to Her. What? Your face on it? Nah, nah bro. I didn't send no draws. I don Your face on it. Yeah, that's what I didn't send no draws. I put it in just the, it was probably something sent to me, but I didn't get, I didn't put my face on nothing. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? You sending no underwear?


Nah, I don't got the time to do all that, bro. No. Alright. Well did you allegedly send under? No, I didn't send, no, I didn't send no underwear though. I ain't send no underwear. You feel me? If something was sent to me, I don't know. Did they ever talk? Did Dre they they talked. They talked. They talked. Yeah, they talked. I don't know if it was the best conversation, but I think they talked to the point where they don't have to talk again. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. So Revie wasn't lying when she said you was trying to get her, you was hitting her up saying you wanna get her Pregnant. She had texts? Yes. Yeah. Yeah. She had a text message. I think the text is the proof. And he had said he always wanted kids. You, you said you always wanted kids. You always wanted the family. Wanted the family. And I thing, And I think, like I said, like with me, I'm, I was 28, 29, you know what I'm saying? I'm 39, you know what I'm saying?


I was sometimes a man feel like a child can solve all these problems too. Sometimes a man will feel like, man, if we had this baby, like that's gonna solve all our problems. Like that's the answer we need. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? There's women that think like, that's too, and that's what I was thinking. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what I was thinking. You know, when I was in that mode, I was thinking like, man, maybe if me, Andre have a baby, like, you know, this was before all Deion stuff, how I was thinking. I was like, man, if we have a baby, you know, all our problems will be fixed. You know what I'm saying? Like, you know what I'm saying? And she would always tell me like, I don't want a kid, I don't want a kid. You know what I'm saying? So when I had my baby with, when Deandre got pregnant, I'm like, man, this gotta be God. You feel what I'm saying? Like, I've been with Dre for years. She never got pregnant, you know what I'm saying?


I was with her from, I was 23 to now, you know what I'm saying? Like, she never got pregnant. You Still love her? I got love for her. I'm not in love with her. I always have love for her. I think anybody that's been with a person that say they got no love for 'em at all is just like a terrible person. You know what I'm saying? It's like, damn, I wouldn't let her get hit by a car. I push her out the street. You can't, You know what I'm Saying? Gate, I could push the street out. You know what Emini here, I'm not gonna let nothing, I'm not gonna let Get hit by car. Like what? Yeah. You see what I'm saying though? But nah, like I, I'm so in love with where I am now. I feel so confident to talk about my past. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I can, I can sit up here and talk about my past because I'm not even saying nothing that's, that's harmful Torey.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like, I got respect for her. Like I think she one of the dopest rappers out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well she definitely cold. Yeah. She's super, Jeezy wrote one of my records on my album. Oh. On the, on Baby making the last one, the last album I dropped. So the one That from 2022. Yeah. That Lio. Yeah. Was it sil for you? Yeah, she wrote Start Over. Okay. Okay. She wrote the whole record. Wow. That's right. Baby Macon is out right now. Go Get it. The number one Album you for joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Jacquees. Yeah. Daddy, It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about getting massages from the opposite sex. Now this conversation started from Mason Cameron talking about having trainers and, and women using male trainers. And then we heard Charlemagne said recently that you got a, a massage from a male and you said it was amazing. And what, what, what did he say about He said that the guy massaged every part of his body, even his mouth. Not every part of the body, but he definitely gave me a mouth massage, which is something I never had before because apparently there's two muscles in your mouth and I'm the type person, you know, because of like anxiety and stuff like that. Like, I'm always like grinding my teeth a little bit or like I open my mouth real wide. I don't know why.


Yeah, yo. And so it's like he, he, he, he massage these two muscles in my mouth and it hurt like hell. How do you Massage him With his hands? Oh, okay. Like it is like, he like, it's like a, it's like a, a technique. Anybody out there that does this massage thing I'm talking about, I know you know what I'm talking about. But it's like these two corners right here and he just put 'em in and he kind of like tugs on it a little bit. And it is painful, but man, it's very, very stress relieving. Okay. So you're a, you were able to open your mouth wider after, like what type of effects did Well I haven't, I haven't been grinding my teeth As much since then. Oh, since that? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. I haven't been grinding my teeth since that much since then. But I Emini here the pro, I've never had a male masseuse until that time. And he did a a, a fantastic job. But it's just like football players and basketball players who got male trainers who you think is massaging them and rubbing on their muscles.


Yeah, no, absolutely. But I just never heard of a mouth massage. Yeah. It's out there. Matter of fact, I'm gonna Google it Right now. Yeah. Matter of fact, you should. Yeah. When I go to, when I go to physical therapy and, and there's a male masseuse that's, that's different. But when you go to massage place and the lights are low and it's intimate and the candles are burning. Yeah. I would just prefer a woman to massage me. That is just me. I But You did, you did have a male masseuse before and You listened to everything. Absolutely. But it wasn't that. It was, it was me and my wife together. It was a couple's massage and it was supposed to teach us how to massage, how to give a massage. And the dude came in diesel dreads brown-skinned brother. Very Sexy. Now see, the fact that you described him makes me think that this was a free cold case.


Okay. Oh, he got charged with a free coat. But you know what Emini here, but during the massage, I couldn't enjoy the massage because this big brother diesel with dreads. That's was Me. That's your insecurities. No, it Was. And I that's your insecurities. And I don't, I don't want it again. I don't know why you so insecure if you ain't never had your butt touched. Right? Mm. Like I don't have those insecurities. Like I ain't thinking nothing When that man was massaging me, I didn't think about nothing except for this was a good massage. Okay. That nothing in no way, shape, or form. Well that you, this is a real thing. Clinical oral facial massage. That's what it's Called. I get, I get that all the time. And the woman that does it is, is dope. She, she does an amazing job. It alleviate The clicking or popping of the jaw, clenching, locked jaw in limited mouth open range, and it releases muscles.


And I've never seen this word fascia involved with chewing and jaw clenching. So this is a, a thing. So When he, when he massages you, does he reach over you like mind? Yeah. Now he was on the side Because you know, you have to lay, y'all did it from the side. What'd you Say? He was on the side. Oh, he was on the side. You know, Sometimes when he was on one side, I had to turn this way. He was on this side. I had to turn that way. Mm. But listen, if you've never had a clinical oral facial massage, trust me. Okay. It is worth it. Okay, nice. What about you? I enjoy massages from the same sex. Although I have had massages from a male And I like the pressure more from a guy. However, I ain't gonna lie.


I do get excited. Like, especially when they be like turned over and you massage in my stomach and under my breasts and all that. And I just be like, stop. You know? So I'm not gonna lie, yo, I don't, I don't know. I, I just, I can't. Well let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? This is Kevin from Brooklyn. Hey Kevin from Brooklyn. What's going on? Envy. How you doing? I'm doing name. Jess. I love you baby. I love you too baby. We, we we're talking about massages from the, the same sex, the opposite sex brother talk to us. Yeah. I had to dip out on a massage the other day because it was same sex. I'm not gonna call it a company name, but yeah, it was same sex And I wasn't feeling that.


Okay. I can't have a next man rubbing me. I just, I can't do that. You never played any type of sports in high school or anything like that. It is different. Yeah. D's different when the lights are low and you're laying on the thing and there's a candle lit. Yeah. And the music is playing. Yeah. Because then we all in the locker room's a move. It's different. Y'all, I think y'all gave the Nah, I just can't. It's something about a man because see my lower back hurts. And it's something about a man rubbing down there. I can't, you know, I can't, yeah. It's not sitting right with me. Yeah. Well Charlemagne is upset because not a lot of men are. Not all men are open up to other men are open to other men touching Them. I just don't know why everybody's so insecure. It is not, it has nothing to do with insecurity. This is very much gotta do with insecurity. Because if in your mind you thinking, man, I might get turned on by this guy, man, I don't want this guy touching me.


'cause I might like it. That's, that's your problem. That's something you Need. That's not everybody's problem. Envy. Not everybody say That. The same thing you say, you said when the guy told me turn around, I too it up a little bit. Say that You just can't Make up stories. You just can't make up stories. Can't make stuff up. Hello? Who's this? Hello, My name is Monica. Hey Monica. Good morning. Good morning. Now it says you, you are uncomfortable receiving massages from other men. Yes, I am. Why? Hmm? Because I feel like I make noises that I'm, if it, if I'm enjoying it. Yes. And so it sounds sexual, even though it may not be sexual girl. Yes. And I usually make the guy think, oh well she might be into me and it may go somewhere that it's not supposed to.


Like what kind of noises? Well, you a freaky boy. You, you a yellow freaky boy, man. What's your problem? I, I never, I never got myself like, Yeah. Yeah. But I get what you're saying though. Yeah. Girl, come with a whole soundtrack. Especially when they tell you pull. Yeah, No. And that's just how I am. And I don know, know how not see that. But I'd just rather get one from a woman 'cause I'm not interested in them. You know, you bring up, you bring up a good point. Like, every single time I I get a massage, you know, from a woman, you know, you do tend to get a little erect. You know what I'm saying? You do. You do. Yeah. I get excited, but I've never, when I had it with the guy, that didn't happen at All. Did you make sounds? Did you make sounds like Mm. Right, Because There's no interest. And if them making you feel good, like you can't help but sound like it feels good.


And by the way, the guy made me feel good, but I didn't get erect. You're Not, You make attracted to the guy. You, they go Oh Yeah. Because when they hit your lower back, I'm telling you like, sometimes it's like, like, oh my god. Yes. Like right there. And then when they turn you over and they, they go below your belly button, it's like, oh my god. Like what? You know, like you get all jittery And all that. The third time she say, well, they turn you over Jesus Christ. For real. That's a full body. They do your back and then they turn you, they turn you over and they do everything else. I we have a, a massage therapist on the line. Hello? Hey. Yes. Hey, what's Your name, bro? My name's Chris. Are you brown skinned with dreads? No. All cool. Just making sure.


Sure. I'm brown skinned with a bald head and a beard. All Right. Cool. Just make sure. Oh, yes. So go Ahead brother. It's a pleasure. It's a pleasure to be on here. So I've been a massage therapist for 12 years and I have that problem majority of the time where the husbands have a hard time working with me. But it's not about that. It's the muscular care that needs to be done for our society that we're not addressing. Biometrical movement is the key to internal healing. And so what's happening in our society now is we're quick to bio biochemical things in our mouth, but we're not doing the things that we need to do on a muscular level to heal.


That's right. Yeah. You gotta move that trauma up outta your body. Mm, that's right. And so with that, there's 656 individual muscles, 360 joints and 208 bones that nobody knows anything about. Do you do the oral facial massage? Yes. It's called inner oral massages where you go into the mandible, you release the masseter and it helps with the TMJ. That's right. It it hurts. It hurts but it feels so good. Afterwards. I do neuromuscular therapy. Neuromuscular therapy is trigger point release to the actual belly of the muscle and it actually helps elongate the individual muscle from the insertion to orange.


Okay. He couldn't do my massage. Not the way he talking. You gotta be quiet the whole time anyway. I'm over here like, oh my God. I don't even word he saying. I'm just like, oh yes, come teach me. You do tennis elbow bro. And I do tennis, elbow golfer, hip flexor rotator cuff. You guys need to do yourself some research on neuromuscular therapy. Oh, I love it. I'm I you I'm about to go get me a massage today 'cause of you. I'm going, I'm about to. Yes. I got so many points at Massage Envy. Hmm. You not gonna get It like him. If you ever want to check out massage care out of Conway, South Carolina, I opened up my business and that's what I'm focusing on.


Oh, you in South Carolina trying to change. Oh, you excited Now? Yes sir. Okay. He gonna fly down Thatt, he fly. I'm a get another, I can't let him male touch me in South Carolina. What? Hey, I'm from dc. See that's the perception. Okay. Say say life, life trauma. Childhood trauma causes us not to want to be touched. That's real. We Have to deal with that trauma. Listen, You thank you brother. You he, he is not lying in no way, shape or form. Look to that brother. He definitely you. He's shalem ain't full of dude. Yeah, he definitely is. Yo, nah, I can't let a man, another male touch me from South Carolina. I said touch me in South Carolina. What's the difference? Because of the childhood trauma that I experienced in South Carolina.


Yeah. I was say he lowkey just told you. Okay. All the times I got touched in South Carolina by people that wasn't supposed to be touching me. Okay. Oh my God. Now, now laugh at that. Let's see, see, see you get outta this one. Hmm. Oh my God. The fun police over here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Shela the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. The Brother Tank. What's up Tank? I'm In here man. Looking young and young every time we see you, man. Yeah, yeah. That's, I use a good exfoliant, You know what I'm saying? What's your routine in the morning? You got a face routine in the morning? Well I use my, my wife's, you know, beauty tools and stuff, you know what I'm saying? Xena Foster Beauty.


I know that you over there gotta get, you gotta get you a package. You sure. Free package. Yeah, yeah. I get you. Right. But that's about it. You know what I'm saying? Little dove. There you go. You know what I'm saying? I keep it clean. Take Always happy every time you seet happy. Okay. Wherever you see t if it's a club, if it's out in the street, T is always happy. He's always in a good mood. Listen, she's apparently been listening to my music, so I feel good about that. Yes. I know What I'm walked in t Jesse said somebody been in there, somebody and, And didn't get out. This ain't funny. You what IAnd What I'm saying. This Here is serious Congrat. Congratulations To you though. Thank you so much. That's really awesome.


Appreciate I'm, I'm really happy For you. Do you make your movie Emini here? You make your music for those, those moments to get pregnant? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That's Emini here. That was kind of the point in the beginning. You know, like everything we do is, is is for the attention of a woman or women for that matter depending on how you playing it. You know what I'm saying? So for me musically, like I want to be connected to as many of those moments as humanly possible. I want to be responsible for bringing life into the universe. Have People come up to you and said that I noticed this is my girl. 'cause you I shot the Club up, I've met the kids. Damn. Wow. He's here because of uk Damn. Yeah. Yeah. No, I'm, I was born 'cause yeah, I've met the, I'm that old now. Wow.


You know what I'm saying? To where I've met the children. Yes. The, the offspring of my music. So I'm, I'm really proud of that. Absolutely. I see. It feels like r and b, especially the nineties, two thousands r and b has picked up a lot more. Have you noticed that as well? Absolutely. The feeling I was gonna ask you that It's the, the feeling of it is, is is what's back. People want to, and it's, what's crazy is that of course I give credit to the women for keeping r and b in the mainstream conversation. Right. They, they have been kicking ass and taking names. Right. But I gotta give some credit to hip hop to the sampling of all of this.


Oh yeah. Old r and b that they've been bringing back to the forefront and making people take a deep dive into what those samples are and rediscovering the original feelings and now desiring those things. Some Examples What's what's, I was just listening to Doja Cat. Yeah, Doja Cat just did it. She just had a number one record. Her record She no, with with with the troop record. Emini here, it's originally Michael Jackson. Five. But all that dude, this thing, dang. I was like, oh, you remember the first time you heard troop? Absolutely. Shout out to Little Steven. I'm like, Chucky Booker and them like type of production. Yeah. They don't even do that no more. So you have to actually outsource it by going to the crates.


You know what I'm saying? And bringing that feeling back and, and they don't know why it's connecting. We know. 'cause we were there. Right. Yeah. But it's the, it's something about that frequency that just makes you feel good. I was Like, even when you my like, like your first you did it with yourself, with your own music. With my own music. Like when you recreated, I deserve. Yeah. And was it plea? No it wasn't. Please don't. You, you recreated too. I did. Well one of my own I deserve, I was like, let me sample it before somebody else sample it because they gonna take all the money. That Is so good. And then, and then I went, no, It was the Brian McKnight one that you, did you feature Chris Brown? It was Brian Mite originally. Michelle and Dick Cello. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So there, there was that And I was like, you know what, I might as well get in on this too 'cause we rarely do that.


And I was like, let me just tap into some old, and of course Brian Mite, you know, one of my inspirations growing up and Michelle Indego cello is absolutely one of my favorites. Amazing. That. So I just had to get some of that. I was gonna ask you, man, that was one of my questions I have for you. Is r and b music a sound or a feeling? It's both. Okay. It's both because it's like, the feeling is express through the sounds. You know what Emini here, like you like, think about like Devonte. Like how was he feeling when he made that, when they, when they were making Jodeci music, what was he on? You know what I'm saying? He, when, when Casey says, take my money, Jesus Christ, My house in my car, house, In my car for one hit Hit you.


Okay. Haw Ain't no that Good. Let him work. Let him work. You gotta, you gotta mean that. Yeah. Yeah. In order for it to resonate, right? Like, I like, like, yes, you can take my money, my house and my car for one hit of you Emini here. That to this day, to this day, Emini here that, But you don't hear that now out that soul and that feeling By wait, that's just a slick way of telling somebody, I'll give you The World. Yeah. That's what you really saying. Yeah. But we moved into this, you know, kind of, you know, simp and all of these things when it comes to Yeah. Taking care of women or expressing love. I just think that men are just, they've, they've been programmed to not be vulnerable.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? They've been programmed to not, to not cater. I don't know who started that. You know what I'm saying? It ain't pimping, it ain't player. You know what I'm saying? Because all the pimps in the players I grew up watching was taking care of they women. But Where, where did it end? Like what era did it end? Because even early Trey songs was, was singing his ass off to the women and expressing his love. I think it was when the RB singers started wanting to be rappers and when a lot of these RB singers probably started having sex with the rappers. I don't even know what that means. Not saying that, not saying that a man can't make songs about another man and it'd still be a love song. Just saying. I think that they started loving on each other so much that they really was on some f the women stuff.


Yeah. And I think, I Wish I could have seen Tang face, like what the No, but I also think that, you know, you know, with, with the, with the wanting to be with, with hip hop's emergence, right. It became this really cool thing that was taking over everything. The, the airwaves, the radio, the clubs and all of that. And so as r and b artists getting left behind, we're trying to figure out how to compete and stay relevant. Yeah. And so you in the club and you, you know, you a decently hot artist, but none of your songs are being played in here. And all the songs are about bottles and they're about cars and they're about money and it's about, it's not about women. It's about bitches. And so it's like, yeah, yeah.


Well, shit, I gotta incorporate some of this into my music if I'm gonna survive in this new landscape. And so as, as, as we took that turn, or as RB took that turn and never found its balance, I, I think it's the DJ's fault, Tim. And I tell you why, because there used to be a time when we was growing up in the clubs, there would be a moment where the slow songs played. Yeah, absolutely. Regardless, y'all don't turn down Now everybody be on too much drugs. Well, Yeah. Yeah. Emini here, there was a time, and, and usually it was at the end of the party, but now it, it comes back. Now I have a set in the middle of my party where I play RB music in the set and it, and that's usually the biggest part of it. Yeah. 'cause people are singing, they feel that that how it felt to be in during that time.


So it does go back. I would say that, but I just feel like it, it doesn't make it cool anymore if somebody talks about singing in the rain anymore or talking about the girl hurt their feelings. Like, I was listening to Boys the Men record and, and he was telling this girl cheated and he was like, it's okay baby, I just want you back. I just didn't care. I just didn't Care. But if somebody did that now, they'd be like, look at this simple ass. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Yeah. I Listen, I still do it. I don't care. You Still what? If that's what they want to call it. Yeah. Yeah. We supposed to, we married like, Like, listen, if I wasn't married, that's, that's still what I'm gonna be on. Showing that you can be vulnerable as a man. Like, you know, you open it up and then that I'm telling you, I don't care. That's what, I guess I can only speak for me, but I can speak for a lot of women too. Like, that is attractive when a man is not only just thinking bottles, bitches.


Yeah. This what I'm gonna do. No, it's you gotta speak to my soul and music and some, like, a lot of older r and b does that for me. Yeah. I don't here to die. Yeah. But Yeah, I don't subscribe to any of that stuff. I don't care. I don't care what they do or how the tables turned. I, I, I do the r and b that I love, that I fell in love with. You know what I'm saying? I, I watched my, my older uncles and, and everybody, I still follow their motto. And I, and in my job, I'm responsible for maintaining the line to where we, we, we treasure and we cater and we take care of our women All. We got more with Tank when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are, The Breakfast Club is still kicking it with Tank Charlamagne. And the other thing too, I think the Art of love making is gone. Like if you listen to your Yeah. If you listen to like, the album that you and j Valentine did and that song Slow. Yeah. Yeah. You have had to have made love. Yep. In order to truly appreciate that record You sitting on my face. That's my type of view. You Come On.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new to totally reimagine kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera, you snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending message After work, You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Oh Man, God, it he serious. You it a milk scare. You have to be, listen men, I wanna say this, I wanna put this out there and I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this this way and then we will, and then we'll fix it up later. You have to fall back in love with. Hmm. You have to fall back in love with the idea. Now let's clean it up of making love to a woman choke that talk. No, you right. Talk that talk. I'm listening. That's right. And and doing it at a high That's right. Level. That's right. That's right. You have listen. That's right. You have to study.


That's right. A woman. That's right. You have to ask questions. That's right. You have to learn her body Yeah. In order to do this thing the right way. That's right. Every key does not start one key. Doesn't start every car. That's right. Know where you going. You gotta be curious. That's right. About that thing. Right. That's right's. Right. Right. And and outside of the curiosity, you have to have an affinity for it. That's right. You got to have a love for it. You gotta enjoy it. Sit it on my face. Yes. That's my point of my type of view. My type of view. Oh my goodness. Yes. Huh? Can I swim in your ocean? Ocean. Can I swim your ocean?


Ocean. Come on now. I bet him I'm, I'm scuba diving. Let's go. I love this. Yes. Yes. Don't do it to finish. Do it because you love It. Pregnant. Listen, my wife will tell you, you just t beat it at a high level. Be. That's right. I treat her like she knew all. Talk about it. Talk about it. Pause, talk about it. That ain't no pause. You talk about Your wife. Ain't no pause. We was, we was facing each other. I don't care when I'm you in the club, I don't care what no other s is doing.


That's right. That's right. That's right. Listen, when we used to be in the club with Jamie Fox and Fox will look around in his sex space. It's too many dudes in here. Y'all gotta move. That's where I'm from. Yeah. What are women at? That's Right. That's Right. That's my focus. Right, right. And that's not a dis that's just the truth. Yeah, it is. That's why I got all this nice on man. Your mu RB singers, I would assume their muse is women. That's at all times. That's the point. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. That is the point to to, to have some type of spiritual or physical connection with a woman. So that's what we're getting in the vault. Oh. That's what we're getting. We're getting more of that r More of that.


Yeah. More of that feeling. The this shout out to fab fabulous. Is is when I say standup brother, absolutely man. Emini here pulled up for me. Not just on the song. And you know, sometimes, you know, when you're dealing with a, an artist, you know, with of the magnitude of fab, like, it, it can take you a good four to six months to get that feature. He's moving. He's an Abu Dhabi. He's you, he's moving around. This man said, I got you. As soon as I get back, I'll be back in a week and a half, two weeks. I got you. Not only knock that out, say when's the video when we shoot. Cool. I'm on the way. Then said, man, where are the assets so I can promote Like F was come from a different generation. That's True too. Yeah. But, but he's still fab.


You know what I'm saying? And so your access to him, regardless of how cool you are, still limited. Right. Because he's doing what he does. Absolutely. And so for him to make himself available to me and for this record man, which is really, really big, Man. Before we get started. Before we get started, and this racist, it's this in terms of climbing the charts is my fastest record. Oh Wow. You know what I'm, why do you think that Is? Tempo? Okay. People have been, people have been waiting for tempo for me. I got the slow in the mid. I got that. But now they done let me get some tempo. Now you done fucked Up. So you did this on purpose. You wanted a tempo, right? Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. This is calculated, this is on purpose. I needed the right one. My guy Dirk sent me this record. I said, you do not know what you have just done.


Mm. You gave Tank tempo. Crazy. It's crazy that you still trying to make new records at this point. Emini here, not saying that you can't. No. You have such a catalog. Yeah, but you really don't even have to if you don't want to. I do. Okay. Because I don't remember that last hit record. I don't remember it. I don't, I don't live in it. I don't live in that last outfit that I wore. You know what I'm saying? Every day is, okay, what's next? How can I beat that? Ah, that was cool because I'm, I'm watching around me. You know what I'm saying? If, if need be, I'll, I'll drive up to CB's House, you know what I'm saying? And let him play me a thousand songs. I'm like, shit, I got more work to do. You know what I'm saying?


I'll look at the charts and see who's on there. I'm not ah, okay. I got work to do. Yeah. Like, that's what drives me. Like it's, it's, it's, it's so many new things happening every day that I'm like just, ooh, I gotta compete with that. I gotta fight with that. You know what I'm saying? And it, it, it gets me up for game. Now your, your health and, and how you are as far as not drinking and all the things that you do. Is that from what place? Is that from a place of you seeing people your age doing it and you're like, damn, didn't look as good? Or is it from a I just wanna be healthy type of place. Just it's real, it's really healthy. Emini here, it's, it's really like I'm an athlete first. So for me it's very important, you know, what goes into my body.


Because what goes in is what comes out. You know what I'm saying? I've, I've, I've often, I've often been in the gym and my motto to my, to myself is, what will Floyd do? What will Mayweather do? You know what I'm saying? Because I've watched him buy 30 bottles. You know what I'm saying? I've watched the people around him rolling up smoke and I've watched the people around him just indulge. I watched him do none of it and then grab his stuff out the back of the truck when we leave the club and run home. Mm. And I said, that's what a billion dollars looks like. I want that. So when me and my guy Gaines get in there, like, it's not a game. This part of what I do as it correlates to who I am as an artist, it's not why I do it.


I would be doing this anyway. Gotcha. You know what I'm saying? Like, I want to be 150, you know what I'm saying? Still pulling up to The Breakfast Club. 150. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Shoot. Be here. We ain't gonna be Here. Listen, I pray y'all are still here, but if y'all not, I'm still, I Think I'll be here. I got 101. You Got 101. Listen, I, I I, why can't we? Yeah. 150. Why not about a hundred, 150? Why not? I'm not gonna put, I'm not gonna say we can't, I'm not gonna put a limitation on it. You know what, Emini here, It's all on what you're putting in. Did Then what happened with Jamie scare you two. Yeah, absolutely. And you know, you just, it just goes back to the, the idea of you just never know.


You just never know. And it's not something you can predict. Not something you can, for his situation prevent, you know what, Emini here, sometimes your body will just, you know, the alert is, is detrimental. Right. Your body telling you something is wrong is sometimes, you know, the alarm is, is, is, is damn near fatal. You know what Emini here. And that's just, that's just life. And so, yeah, it's scary. Emini here. Just not just 'cause he is, you know, one of my best friends, but just like, it, it could've easily been either one of us. All Right, let's get to tank's. Newest single before we get started featuring Fab. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. That was Tank's. Newest single featuring Fab and Tank is in the building. Jess, Who about to go on tour with another og? Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas. Yes. One of the greatest RB albums of all time. Oh My God. Not even close. And people I've, I've seen people ask me, you know, people ask me, why, you know, why you choose Carl Thomas? Why you choose Kerry Sen? I'm like, you don't hear it. Emotional is literally one of the greatest RB album. Like, you don't, you don't top To bottom love making music. You know what I'm saying? Like when we down at them, dude ops with Mike Garner down in, down in in Miami and them Carl Thomas records. Come on. It's a thing. Absolutely.


Really happens. Listen, play some of them Carrie Sen records. Like things Happen. Yeah. I was like, first of all, I wanna go on tour with my friends. I wanna go on tour with people I like. But then two, I want to, I want to be out there as, this is an RB money tour. I want the catalog to be expensive with some expensive catalogs. You know, Kerry got hot one hundreds called Thomas has timeless r and b, I'm timeless. I'm in parties today, right now with Summer Rain. They play at, at the top in the middle of the party at the end. Like they bring what? And I grabbed the mic. I don't care where I'm at. No karaoke even planned. I'm like, I seen Gimme some, lemme gimme a little. Oh My gosh, come on one time. I you gotta pay for that. Charlemagne has given us, you know?


That's right. He's blessed us with his Storming. Come on outside when she keeps me home. That's my song. That's all you got. Yeah. That was that The baby singing. That's, That was my wife in college. That dorm rocking with Call Time, call Thomas Emotional. And Joe, my name is Joe Woo woo woo. I, I'm, I gotta, I gotta do a tour with Joe too. Yeah, man. The tour and a song. I love that people have been wanting that for quite some time. You know what I'm saying? I, I get, you know, Joe likes to hide until it's time. You know what I'm saying? Like, well, you know, I'll be, I'll be out Playboy, you know what I'm saying?


I'm gonna pop out, I'm gonna see what's Going, you mentioning everybody, but TGTI ain't nothing about no Tyree and Genuine. What's up with that? Yeah. But you was in the studio with Reese. I saw you in the studio working on my Beautiful Pain. I was Over there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think, you know, I think we, we we are at a great place, man. Yeah. We're at a great place where I think now we all, everybody collectively sees the value in what we are, in what we created. And it's, again, it's this resurgence of just that feeling of r and b. And so you got, you got two guys from the nineties who got classic catalogs.


You got me coming in from the 2000 who came, came up under these guys. And, and people are hungry and thirsty for that. And so you're gonna see, you're gonna see some TGT, you know, fortunately, thank God you're gonna see some, you have an Album or Nah, I don't, I don't know if we have an album, but we do have, we do have a couple moments Yeah. That we, that we're lining up that are gonna be very special. So that's all, that's all I can really, really say about that. And, And I saw you the other night, man, I forgot, I don't know where y'all was at, but Flavor Flav was singing. He was, what Was, I forgot what he was singing. Was it? We were honoring, they were honoring, I don't wanna get this wrong, the B vp, I don't remember you see there.


I can't, I can't, I don't, I don't wanna mess up the name of the organization. Ana hit me And I was like, we're honoring Jimmy Jim and Terry Lewis and we need you to do what you do. And I was like, cool. I'm in. You say Jimmy Jim and Terry Lewis. I'm in. I don't, I don't care what it is. And so we're honoring them and, and, and Babyface is there and you know, I don't wanna pressure baby face to sing, but he's there and I'm like, Babyface, if you want to sing, you can, you don't have to. And they started playing one of his songs and we was singing and Face was like, nah, nah, let me, let me handle that. Young fell. And he started singing just Flavor, flavor just came outta nowhere and just started and just started singing. You look surprised that he could hold a note.


No, it, that wasn't surprise. It was just like, like, think about it. He was like, Why'd you take the mic from Babyface to give it to Flavor? Flavor? My thing is Babyface is singing. Got you. Alright. Yeah. And, and Flavor Flave has the, the gall and audacity To take the mic from Babyface To run up and start singing against the Babyface. Yeah. Yeah. Why didn't you stop it? That's why the game need referees tank. You supposed to stop that. Right. Then you big enough to stop him, Paul, At that moment. Right. It only goes one way. It only looks like disrespect. Yeah.


In front of that many people. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like to gr now it's now it's Flavor fla. He is Flavor Fla. Right. Let's not discredit him. He's who he is. Absolutely. And then I run up on him, say, Hey baby face singer. Hold on right now. Hold on, hold on. He disrespect baby face. In a way, Baby face has to fight that battle. Listen. And don't think that if Babyface felt the way, he wouldn't have handled it. Right. Babyface is, listen, the the, the songs are nice and soft and Meek Babyface is not, he never suck. He's a nice guy, but he's, he's nobody sucker. I promise you. If he felt the way and he, he would've, and, And I was kind of following his lead.


Gotcha. The Babyface would've looked like he wasn't feeling it right then we would've handled that way. But he was, it was all in good fun. It was all in good fun. Well, well, RB money, the vault Is out right now. The vault, say it again. The vault is out right now. And we appreciate you for joining us Today. We'll be on the 26th. That's right. Yep. Yeah, it's out. It's out. Well it's out right now, right? Yeah, it's out right now. It's out right now. Oh, okay. Yeah. Are you going to, what do you, what are you gonna do with this music? You already know what I'm doing. I got, wait, I, I can't hang too much I can do right now because I can't get pregnant twice in one, you know? How far along are you? I'm five months. I'm about to be six, Five months. Yep. That's a good time. So Yeah, I'm, I'm still, look, I'm still on RV money. That's a good time. You could still have a groove in five months. Oh yeah. Yeah.


I'm still moving a groove. Lemme tell you something. My wife was pregnant. It's Some of the best's the best time ever. Some of the best, crazy, Best time ever of the crazy best time ever. All the secretion. Oh my God. Of the God. Some of the best. It's some extra in there. It is. Can I swim in your ocean? Oh, drowning into each time my both time. I, that's Right. I know that. Oh And I, people I put on be money. It's a no skip. It's like an ointment. Alright. Tank album out right now is Tank. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's gonna be A donkey because right now you want some real, It's time for Donkey of the Day.


So if you ever feel I don hit the, did she get Don any day? Please tell me. Absolutely. I had become Donkey Of the Day. The Breakfast Club. Bitches we're donkey. Yes, donkey today goes to a 45-year-old Texas mother named Jennifer Lynn Rossi salute to Jennifer Lynn Rossi. She's a mother. And I understand going above and beyond for our kids, okay? We all should. All right. Don't let nobody play with your turn. You have to be willing to go scorched earth. You have to be willing to burn everything to the ground to protect your child. But you don't wanna put yourself in a position where you go too hard and end up in jail. Okay? Because if you do something to protect your child and it causes you to lose your freedom, then you won't be here to protect your child anyway.


So it defeats the whole purpose. All right? It's so easy to get tricked off the street as a parent because if somebody messes with your child, God forbid somebody hurts your child, that is a good enough justification to knuck always. But the law is still the law. So if you, you know, go to seek parental revenge because somebody messed with your child and you break the law, then well you going to jail. That's what happened to Jennifer Ross. You see her son was getting slightly bullied, meaning somebody was stealing from him at school, okay? Stealing his his drink to be more specific. So Jennifer decided to take Madison in her own hands and teach this thi for lesson. Let's go to ABC seven News for the report. Please. You know, also new this morning, a mother from San Antonio is behind bars after she allegedly tainted a Gatorade for her son's classmate.


Court records say that the 45-year-old mixed lemon juice vinegar, salt and Gatorade together in a sports bottle before instructing her 10-year-old to give it to his classmate who had stolen his drink the day before was shortly after the child consumed the drink, he became sick and was taken to the hospital. Now though the drink was non-toxic, Jennifer Rossi was still charged with injury to a child causing Bodily injury. N Now lemme tell you something. It was nontoxic though, right? It was nontoxic. But let me tell that young man something you could have swallowed a lot worse. Pause, okay, you yo lemon salt vinegar Gatorade, that ain't nothing but ingredients to clean a sink. Okay? You chased that down with a shot of apple cider vinegar. Now you have created a concoction for steady and healthy weight loss.


But think of all the other things that could have been in that drink. Like bodily fluids, okay? Could have been urine, could have been vaginal discharge, could have been the semen of an eight month old Siberian Husky. There's a lot of different things mama could have put in that drink. You're lucky she didn't hit you with some good old fashioned roots. Yes, voodoo. Say voodoo Jess voodoo voo. See I know some women, I know some women you play with they kids, they going to give you something to drink that will make you fart uncontrollably for duration to said spell okay? Not no normal farts either the kind that are never silent, loud, aggressive, probably even burn a little when it pass through your anus. Can you imagine never being able to silently fart ever again And every time you fart it hurts.


That's what would happen to you if you play with the wrong person's kid. So you kind of got off easy. Okay? Lemon, salt and vinegar. That ain't nothing but a douche. That's douche right there. Excuse Me. No it's not. No it's not. You put some salt and get Yeah, right Poochie, I'll be on fire. Okay? Okay. No it is just vinegar. It is vinegar and something else, but it ain't no salt. Okay, now what? Now Jennifer's a nurse and she like you just said envy, she said she knows the mixture to be non-toxic. Correct? What? The victim still got sick. Okay. You know why the victim got sick? Probably dehydrated little boy probably didn't have enough water in his system. That's salt and vinegar dried his ass right up. But once again, you're lucky you didn't end up somewhere coughing up a frog young man, okay? Stop stealing from people, young man.


But that's not why we are here. We are here because as parents, as adults we must make better decisions. We must make better choices because we must believe in the golden rule. Yes. What you do to someone will ultimately come back to you. You shouldn't do to someone else's child what you wouldn't want done to yours. Wow. With that said, there was other ways to handle this situation. A phone call to the principal, a phone call to the teachers, a phone call to the child's parents. Better yet, pull up to the school and complain. See the child's parents. See the child's parents face to face and figure it out. I know that sometimes you can't wait for others to do it. You want to take things into your own hands. I agree with that. Unless that thing you're taking into your own hands is somebody else's child because now you gotta smoke with me as a parent, okay?


I know that my son was a DHA and he had no business stealing your child's drink, but you don't have no business doing something that could potentially hurt my child. Now I need a piece of your hair, okay? I need a piece of your hair to take it to my doctor, you know? And one little mix, one little mix walk up to you right after school. And now I'm gonna have you sexually attracted to golden retrievers for the rest of your life. R the duration of said spell please give Jennifer Lynn Rossi the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons please. You the dog.


The day You got that stupid look on your face, Inmy, you are Totally wrong. Okay? Talk to, okay, Thank you. You gave the little boy who was hospitalized too much smoke. First of all, what if it shouldn't been stealing? What if he was poor and didn't have his own juice? You don't even know the Situation. Why are you stealing from my kid and bullying my kid though? Yeah, You can't steal from My kid and my kid ain't got no Gatorade. He thirsty all day long. Could you steal? We said bullying. Bullying. That's what they call it. Slightly bullying. Oh. 'cause he stole a Gatorade. I guess he had been harassment. He always harasses the little boy. He always harasses my son. He Always harasses the little, my son little short little kid can't fight back, can't do anything back. And this kid, I Don I don know if this little boy is short and All that.


And if, if, if he said harassed, that means they probably complained before if he was harassed. So now I complain they don't do nothing. And this little kid, your little son is, is still bullying my Son. I'm stealing from people. I got something for you. Okay, now you're on diarrhea all day. So this is built up? Yes. From okay. The sort of little concoction was built up. She probably complained and they did nothing. Okay. By the way, you shouldn't do stuff like that anyway though. Anyway. What if he was allergic to vinegar? What if he was allergic to like, what if he was Well he shouldn't be Stealing from my son. I'm bullying my Son, but she shouldn't be trying to hurt the other little boy too. There's other ways in the handle of that. Jesus, she's a 45-year-old woman. This is 10-year-old kids. We talking about Well teach your son how to kick him in the, the gonads or something That, that, that could work too.


You gotta teach your kids to stick up for the self. She is trying to raise a little sign to serial killer. Yeah. Boy happens if her son is with a little, little short little sons and, and they this big ass football player now I got kick him in the nuts and then, then he dragged my son all through the playground. Make it worse. Well you ain't kicking hard enough then. Where Are you bullied as a kid? I was. Okay. Okay. You can't tell I can now. Oh Louis. Somebody stole his juice. Alright. The mom messed up. The mom shouldn't have said give the boy mom shouldn't said nothing. Mom should have just grabbed Mom. You know, you snitch on your mom. You know, snitch shouldn't have said nothing. The gator should have stole the Gatorade. No, the mom shouldn't have did that to the little boy at all. 10-year-old Child. No boy. Shouldn't be bullying my child. Sure. But there's other ways to handle that.


Mm. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey today. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren Lar is filling in and we got our niece with us today. Nila, big Nyla. All right. And we got a special guest in the building. We have October London. Welcome brother. What's up? What's up? Good morning sir. Good morning. How, how you feeling? I feel good. I feel Good, man. Now, now you're signing the death row. Yeah. With Snoop. Yeah. Now talk about how you got the deal and, and how he heard you and how that all came together for people that don't know. Yeah. Yeah. So I was actually on my way to graduating truck driving school.


Trucking school. Your trucking school? Yeah. You Had your CDL? No, I quit right before I Did it. CD all though was, yeah, I was about To truckers. I just don't like how they drive. Yeah, yeah. It's a lot to it. But I, I was about to, I didn't, I didn't do it because I end up linking up with Jazzy Faye. I end up linking up with him through a friend of a friend And I got his number And I text him like, yo, I got these records, you know, blah, blah, blah, blah. But I was sending him records. They were rap records. They records for future. They're records for all these other artists you Were producing. Yeah, Yeah. I was producing, you know, And I was writing 'em also. Also. Yeah, yeah. Putting hooks on them. And I happened to just kind of sneak in one of my songs that I did called Colorblind that had that kind of Marvin Lane And I sent it to him.


I just waited and he hit me back and was like, yo, you got some, you got some heat. You know, I'm, I'm linking it with somebody like really important legend in the game. I might,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte To make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at Meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something. That Last State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor's State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry, bring the sparkle Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Received 30% off storewide, handpicked and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces. Shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Play It for him. I was like, oh, awesome. Fast forward, he hit me up and he was like, yo, you remember I told you I was gonna play your records for someone? I was like, yeah. He was like, I'm gonna have him call you or we're gonna call you together. And the night before the Super Bowl, he hit me up and was like, yo, I got that person online. Hold on just a second. And he was with him and he was like, yo, it's the big homie Snoop Dogg, man, I'm a big fan. I was like, oh, how did you feel? Honestly. I was like, this is, this has gotta be a joke. I was Like, yeah, you know, at that point I'm like, nah, this can't be real. And yeah, it was, it was real. And he was like, yo, I'm gonna fly you out. You know, I got there March 16th, 2016 and that was a wrap. That's when I met him. How did your family feel about you being like, oh, okay, I was this close, but I'm gonna just go over here and do this thing. 'cause they've been riding wave with You, right?


Yeah, yeah. They've been riding wave with me for a long time. But they've been really supportive. Family, friends, everybody's been supportive. I don't know how many times I've called my boy Jamie, But they in the business though. Your mom's a singer. Your dad's A My dad was, my dad was in the business. Yeah, my dad was in, in the business. He toured and, you know, toured with Earth, wind and Fire and all that. Probably opening up for him, something like that. But it, it never really reached this level. So he's ecstatic. Now, you, you signed a death row. Was, were you nervous to sign a death row? 'cause this was the relaunch of death row. Yeah. I'm sure people were assuming the first one was gonna be a rapper, right? A hardcore rapper. Yeah. But it was, it was you, was you nervous at all? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I just knew I was in the room when he was finishing the call, like, deal's done. Okay, cool. I was like, bad. Oh, this is gonna be dope for you man.


You know, you gonna find some dope rapper outta LA or somewhere like that. And he was like, no, no, no, you're gonna be the flagship for death row. I was like, ah, Jesus Christ. I better learn how to crib wall. Yeah. Like I'm, you know, I'm working on it, but I'm just like, man, I don't know if that's gonna work out, but it's Snoop, you kind of roll with that. And it worked out And I was like, Okay. Isn't any death row like legacy, like Dr. Dre or Suge, like commented on your work? Yeah, Dr. Dre has for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been in the studio with Dr. Dre several times. I'm actually on the new Dre and Snoop album that's coming out this year. Missionary, yeah. Missionary crazy title. I love it. I love it. So I've, I've been able to hear that whole album in full and that album sounds incredible by the way.


So shout out to Dre Snoop. It's on that level. Is it? Because, you know, yeah, it's a lot of expectation. Dre and Snoop, they saying it's a follow up to doggy style. It's a lot of expectation. It's, It's amazing. It it Meets the mark. It It, yeah, it hits the mark. Definitely. So, you know, Dre, Dre definitely loves my music. I've played him other stuff too, but he, he really loves, and even that track that I'm on is very Marvin Gay esque. 'cause he lo you know, he loves Marvin. When you put out the rebirth of Marvin, I thought you was bugging. I know. I saw it. I saw It because I felt like you was putting too much pressure on yourself because when you compare yourself the mythical, iconic ghost like Marvin, that's an impossible bar to reach. I know. So what was your mindset? I know when you put that up, I didn't, that album was not supposed to come out. I, I wasn't trying to be Marvin, not trying to fill his shoes.


I'm not trying to do any of that. That's not what I was trying to do. Like I said, I, I'm multi genre artist. I just go off of vibes. So if I'm feeling, oh, today I'm gonna do pop today, then I'm gonna go in the studio, probably knock out a whole pop album real quick and then I'm gonna go ahead and set it aside. 'cause that's what I'm feeling. So I go off of feeling, you know, feeling the music and what I'm, you know, what I'm feeling at that time. So I was in the studio and if you've been to Snoop's Compound, he plays music 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the hallways. And at that time I was in the studio just going through stuff and trying to figure out what track I was gonna do next. And Marvin played like three, four times. So then instantly in my head, I'm already in that zone. So I was like, okay, cool. Then Snoop sent over a track And I was like, oh, this is dope.


And then I started doing it And I was like, oh, it sounds a little bit Marvin, but I'm just gonna keep doing it. Whatever liked it so much that I was like, oh, I'm gonna do another track. And then Snoop came in and was like, yo, this is really dope. Let me know when you, you know, finish with it. 'cause he knows I like to work in, like, I like to work in spurts so I don't do just one track and go the next like, I'm like, well if I'm, I've done two, I might as well do eight more and make it an album. And I just put it up a bunch of records just put up, I finished the record in like a week Rebirth. And Marvin was done in a week. I pretty much freestyled the whole thing as far as freestyle. And I know it's different, but it's like going up to the mic and just kind of saying what I feel. Did that, like back to Your Place was done in an hour? Mulholland Drive was done an hour. Both of those went number one. Wow.


So that's how I do all of my music. So I put it away. I was like, alright, that was fun. I was in that Marvin Lane Gray, let me put it aside. Now let me get on this Bryon Tiller Lane real quick. 'cause that's what I wanted to put out. That's what I thought dog wanted me to do. And that's not what happened. Dog came in and was like, what you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm just putting it up. I'm gonna start on this. He was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're putting this out. And I was like, no, nobody want to hear old school right now. He is like, trust me, this is Lane is open. Nobody's doing it right now. Let's just do it. All right, cool. But it sounds a little bit like Marvin. He is like, no, don't worry about that. I'm like, yeah, gonna chew my ass up. Some people did have things to say, but a lot of people love the music because it sounds good. But I know that Ola Gay, who's Marvin Gaye's sister, she had made some comments that she liked the music, but she did say that she was just confused why you would wanna sound like another person and not do original songs.


Like what do you get out of it? Yeah. Did you get to have a conversation with her or any of his family Or, yeah, I did. You know, she was, seemed like she was mad as hell at me, which I knew that was gonna happen. Yeah. I was like, you know, and Dog wanted to name it Rebirth of Marvin. I did not, I was like, let's just call it The Rebirth. I tried to push towards that, but you know, I'm, I'm following, you know, at this point I'm like, okay, alright. You know, dog has a plan, I'm just gonna go with it. He's been right this whole time. Yeah. I've been with him for a long time. I know him. Let's just do that. And we called it Rebirth to Marvin. 'cause that's what he wanted to title it. And then, yeah, she was not happy about that. 'cause she was like, yeah, you can sing, that's great, but you, you, you sound like my brother a little bit and it's freaking me out.


And I was like, that's cool. I, I just wish she, at that point she didn't go, you know, on wax and say all social stuff. Yeah. And just, I wish she just would've called me or called Dog or somebody like that because then people got on her that love my music, that love Back to Your Place. So then they attacked her and I'm like, we have to stop this. But then, you know, we ended up getting on a call together, me and a few of the other family members and they were like, we completely support you. We understand now that you're not trying to be Marvin. You don't even wanna fill his shoes or anything like that. You were just in a vibe. And I was like, that's what I've been trying to tell everyone. Like that's not me. I was just feeling something. We got more with October, London, when we come back, Kiva locked is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and our niece Nala is with us this morning. Now we're kicking with October London. He is the first artist signed to Death row after Snoop acquired it. Now for people that haven't heard of you before listening, some people might think that you are a mimicking artist, right? Because you just said I was in a Marvin zone and then I was in a Bryon zone. B zone. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So even on the new album, it's like old sounds like old RR Kelly A. Little bit from public announce. So who is October London and where, what does the sound come from? Because when I, when I first heard, I thought it was like, well that's his voice. He can't change his voice. Right. If he sounds like Marvin, he sounds like Marvin. Right. You know what Emini here. But who is October London then? Yeah, October London is, okay. So this new album, October nights, it's more of a transitional album.


It's getting out of that lane. I'm finally being like, okay guys, let's get away from this. When it's, when you start the album, you have Touch on Me and all those records like that. And then, yeah, like you said, and r Kelly's been, you know, my top number one artist 'cause Emini here, the writing style Emini here, come on. It's, it's Kes. Then once you get towards the end of the album where you have the big record called Time, that's me. You know what I'm saying? Like those records, that's me. Like enjoying myself. And then the third album, obviously when I, whenever I do that, then you're gonna get all of me. But right now it's just kind of showing people that I can do these waves and I know that we're missing this sound. I'm not necessarily taken from everybody. I just have been listening to everybody so much. Like S and Ronald Isy and all that.


I just take just a little bit, put it here. But I don't really take from them. I'm just taking that vibe to give you that vibe to give you that love and that pain and that that, you know, what you feel. What we've been feeling for years. So though This is a transition project, I still feel like sonically production kind of sounds cohesive. Do you have like a built in team that you work with? Or did you decide to work with new people for this project? Yeah, Emini here usually. And Snoop will tell you, usually I do everything myself. Like I, I write, I produce, I mix, I master, I engineer myself because I'm like, I gotta get it done right now. Like if I feel something I need to get done right. I don't wanna sit here and be like, oh hey engineer, what's up?


Oh I can be there at four o'clock. No, no, no, no, I gotta feel this now. So I learned to do all this stuff on my own. So I do on this album, on October nights, I teamed up with producers like Jeff Giddy Poo Bear. I got with Babyface, you know, obviously Snoop Executive produced the album as well. And I got with my, my homie Superfly also. Everybody knows Superfly Legend. So yeah, legend in the game. So he came through, put his spin on it as well. And it came out really, it came out really well because we had kind of went through a thing where I submitted like this album, you like, alright, let's change this. Let's put horns here, let's do this. And it just turned out so beautiful. I love it. I would love to know what the Babyface sessions were like. 'cause I know Babyface, he didn't want you to come in on nothing except for you.


I'm sure. So what, what was that energy like? It was good energy, man. We pulled up. He was just ready to get down to business. Like I immediately, there was no, oh, let's kick it and chill. Let's eat, let's have a little breakfast and all. He was just like, alright, you ready? I'm like, yeah, let's go in there. And we did the session. We knocked it out. It didn't even take all day really. He went to writing it And I just let him do his thing because you know, you're in front of a legend. I'm not trying to be like, well I'll do this and that. I'm not about to do that. I'm about to sit here and what you need me to do. Give You a lot of coaching. Like Yeah, Emini here. He, yeah, he did man in, in the lab. We actually, yeah, it was a lot. I'm not going, okay, I can't, I can't hold you. It was a lot. And he knows it was a lot. 'cause I was like, oh, it was funny 'cause we were doing the takes. He was like, oh look, okay, let's do this first take of this.


And I do the line. He's like, all right, let's do it again. And I do the line. I'm like, okay, that second one was perfect. We're good. That's what I want to say. All right, we're good. Let's go. Let's go to the next line. He's like, no, let's do it again and again. I'm like, okay, all right. Okay, cool. All right, we'll do it. And then he is like, all right, cool. Now you ready to really do it. I'm like, I thought we were just doing it. I thought that was it. He was like, oh no, I wasn't recording that all. I was just making sure you were on, on top of it. That's How the classes get made Though. I'm like, okay, cool. So see, and that's, I'm not used to that. I'm used to, like I said, back to your place, one take, boom. The first line, it was just boom, boom, boom. I'd just make it quickly. And even when I told him that, he was like, yeah, no, impossible. Like, no, that's how I do my records. So he was like, oh, so I'm really at this point putting you through it.


I was like, yeah, but it's cool, man. It's all good. I'm, I'm, you know, ready to learn. It's all good. Being someone who has done it all for so long, like for yourself, what was the transition like, having to take the lead of like, other people with your vision? Tough. Yeah, very. 'cause I've just been, like you said, I've been doing this for so long, learning, doing this engineering thing, doing the mixing, doing all this stuff. And I'm just like, okay, I can get this done. Because I look at a lot of artists, it's like, oh yeah, I really want s Shaday to drop another album. It's like, oh, eight years later in my head, because I've just taught myself in my head, I'm like, it doesn't take that much. And then I look at other artists too, and I'm like, well, you got all the resources.


You have everybody's number in your phone. Why isn't your album getting done quicker? Like, why aren't you, I, maybe they're not in a zone, maybe they're getting pressured. I don't know. I just, like I said, I'm a happy artist, so I'm not pressured by anything. I'm financially stable. Like I'm good. So I can go in the studio right now and be like, okay, cool. You need, alright, I'll work on the third album right now. Or I'll work on a country record. I work on a pop whatever's, because he, that's what helps me make great r and b is by switching genres, taking a break, because I don't want to, I don't want to be Marvin, so let me not get too heavy in that bag. Lemme go over here to country real quick and write this real quick and just take a break and then go over here to something else. I was tour with Maxwell and Jasmine Sullivan. Amazing, amazing.


Two great artists. Me and were close, man. He's just a really great dude. Like, he's been making sure everybody's taken care of and just been amazing. The crowd is just absolutely just is Emini here. Like I'm in awe of they sing word for word. Even my stuff, you know, and me opening up for them. Like, I did my first tour in January, which sold out majority of the tour and they were singing at then I was like, I don't know if they're gonna do it this time. They, they're doing it this time as well. Have you, I surprised by that You said even by stuff like you didn't think people would Know your music. Yeah. No, because I just, in, in my head, I'm just still this dude in South Bend, Indiana that's trying to make it, I'm still feel like I'm going to the studio, just trying to, oh man, I really hope they like it.


I still have that. So impost, it's slight imposter syndrome kind of. Yeah. I'm just like, I'm like, man, there's, there's no way. I don't think they're gonna like this. I don't think Snoop's heard me say, I don't think they're gonna like this a hundred times over. I did not think they're gonna like rebirth of Marvin. I didn't think they're gonna like back to your place. What? I was like, no, there's no way. I was like, this ain't hot right now. And they love it. And I'm just like, okay. So that's why I like letting the people decide. This Is really random. But you were on Empire. I was on Empire, yeah. And then you were so you did, I I read about it. You were doing really well. They were talking about making you a bigger character empire Yeah. Than all the Jesse stuff. Did Jesse Small and stuff happen? You Were pissed. You looked like a lion though. Oh, You look definitely look like the baby s that we didn't know about when you walked in.


I'm Like, like, I know he was pissed. That would been so perfect for you. Oh man, man, come on man. No Emini here. Yeah, I thought it was, that was my first time doing any type of acting. Snoop was like, y'all, I'm gonna, we're gonna add you to Empire. I'm like, can't act. He was like, yeah, you can. I'm like, no, I can't, man. That's not my lane. I'm just, come on man. And I went on, come on man. And I went on there and, and did it. And the director was like, how long you been acting? I was like, today. He was like, I think we should sit down and talk. I'm like, okay, this is the thing. I still think I'm dreaming. So I'm like, yo, there's no way even being on here, the breakfast, I've been watching y'all for a long time. It's like, like just as I was sitting in the background, I was just like, damn, this is really happening.


So that's how I kind of felt on empire. So then when Jesse messed it up for me, I was pissed. As soon as I the news, soon as I, I'm like, I was like, come on, come on man. Come on man. Don't do me like that. Skinny. What you wanna hear off the album. Let's play something. Well, might as well play third shift. All right, we got more with October London. When we come back, let's get into his joint. Third shift. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody get in Now. DJ Nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, well you got a positive note. I do, man. The positive note comes from late. Great Colin Powell, I love this because I live this And I want everybody to apply this to their life.


If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Listen to what I just said. If you're going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. You gotta be excellent with the so-called little things before you can be excellent with the so-called big things. 'cause excellence is not an exception, it is a prevailing attitude. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Be mer, be bright. Be loved this holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora Jewelry. Bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora Jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora Jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.


Immerse yourself in a world of over a billion vibrant colors. With Vizios Quantum Q LED TVs, no matter where you're sitting, everyone gets the perfect view. Thanks to wide viewing angle. Enjoy truly immersive gameplay with 120 FPS at 10 a DP. You can even stream your favorite songs with the iHeartRadio app. Ready to go on every Vizio Quantum tv from movie nights to gaming marathons. The Visio Quantum TV delivers unparalleled performance and picture. Head to Walmart to find your Visio Quantum TV today.