
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at t Connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Usa. Yo. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It is Friday. Yes. And today's Friday's show is the Queens of R and b, some of the most amazing vocalists that you'll ever hear. Like Chloe, she'll be joining us. That's Charlamagne's cousin. Also, Marsha Ambrosius and Kehlani, they'll all be joining us this morning. 'cause today's show is all about the Queens of R b. And you know what it is? It's The Breakfast Club. Happy holidays. Wake up, wake up with, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether You man or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this?


Oh my gosh. Did I get through? Oh My gosh. God. Who's this? Oh my God. This is Amanda from Virginia. Virginia. 7, 5, 7. What up, Amanda? Get it off your chest. Okay. So like, I just quit my teaching job. I'm gonna try not to cry because it was something really hard for me to, to give up and everything after six years. And I'm scared right now because I have no idea what I'm supposed to do or anything like that. And I just turned 28, And I feel like I'm failing at life. So I need some advice. You are not failing at life, man. You know, one of my affirmations this morning was embrace everything that happens to you.


And you know, being that you 28, you'll realize this as you get older. Everything is just part of a process. You gotta trust your instincts. Your instincts told you that you didn't want teach no more, right? Right. All right, so, so that's like my mental health is passing so badly. Like I was having panic attacks and everything. It's just, teaching is not what it used to be at all. And so I love the kids, used to love the profession, but I just felt so undervalued and unappreciated. Like it was just, it was hard. So right now I'm up because I'm about to go Instacart, and hopefully I'll make a little something. I still, I figure this out. So, And I think that's, I just have to get that off. That's what you should do. My mom is a public school teacher.


I was a public school teacher. So I understand. I think that y'all are very un, un underpaid, undervalued, and, and underappreciated. So thank you for your services as a teacher. But now you just gotta pray and see what God is gonna lead you next. Because he's, he's, God is definitely telling you that you should be doing something else. You just gotta, you probably already know what it is. You probably just scared to do it right now. Right? Yeah. You already Know what it is, don't you? You said what? Can I put my cash app out there? Somebody can help me out. That's not what, that is Not, that is not what God For you. I said, God, I'm sorry for laughing. God told me to put the cash. I ain't scared no more. What else To you? Charlamagne? What else God got for you? Tell me what else God is telling you to do before we get to the Cash app. Go Instacart. This.


Honestly, I'm up. Super. So that, that's all I got at the moment. One One step one one step at a time. Go ahead then. Go ahead. Go With your cash app. I'd rather cash a only fans. Go ahead, mama. There you go. See? See. All right. It's Doan. Amanda, capital A-M-A-N-D-A-N-I-C nine six. Hold on now. Say it again. A-M-A-N-D-A. Yes. NIC nine six NIC nine. Oh. Amanda, Nick. 9 6 96. Amanda Chandler. That's you? Yes. You Look like a school teacher. Aw, You gonna put something in her Cash app? Yeah, I just sent her a little, so, oh, there you go. Alright. I just sent you, I I love school teachers, man.


I think school teachers, like I said, I think y'all are undervalued and underappreciated and we trust our kids with y'all every day. Yes. And we live, live in a messed up society because y'all should be making six figures a year just because of what y'all gotta deal with, to be honest with you. So, yeah, It's Hard. It's hard out here now. You know, I wanna go into the mental health field, still wanna complete career switch. So I'm hoping it all worked out. I'm pray on it and take you guys advice. And I, I really appreciate you guys taking my call. I listen to you guys every morning. Did you get, I Appreciate It. You got what I sent you. It said it went through. Yes it did. Thank you so much. I appreciate. All right. No problem. Have a good one. A good, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest, whether you're mad or blessed. So you better have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Sina. Oh my God. I can't believe I got through. Hey, what's up Sirina? Get it off your chest. Yes. What racing? C Don't play. Ain't gonna be messing with it. What's up SI Am. I am black. I stay with me know. We know, we know. We know. We know. So my birthday is on Monday so I'm excited about that early bond Day. Every Time I try to call. Thank you. That's what Up we have. But you don't be your birthday.


Birthday, Honestly. I don know. I'm just happy. Just happy to be alive. How Old? How old you gonna be? How old you turn Monday? 37. Okay. Hey. Okay, well enjoy your birthday mama. Yep. And where you calling from? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you so much. Brooklyn. Oh, Brooklyn. Okay, well enjoy the Birthday. Yeah man. Happy early born day. It's the holiday season. Thank you so much. You got a lot of reasons to celebrate. Thank you. It's the holiday season. It's your born day. You alive. Congratulations. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you guys Have a go mama. Hello? Who's this? Nah, DJ Manny. What's up? Nah, I ain't on the line. Yeah you are. What's up Manny? How you gonna call the radio? You on The radio now? Emini here.


This guy, whatever. Peace King. What's happening? Why you? So why you So why you so amped this? You know What's up guys, how you doing? What's up baby? What's up? Nah, this is crazy. Okay, get to it. Anyways. Y'all here. I just wanna shout out my son. He about to start. Sam, we from PA heading to Philly. We gonna go to Florida first. His birthdays on Monday. Okay. Shout him out. My fiance. Okay. Congratulations brother. Where y'all going that in Florida? What's what? What town? Oh, we just gonna go to Orlando. Kiss me. Take him to Little Universal. Have a little day. I love Orlando. Make sure you go to the Licking when you go to Orlando. Man, scoot to my guy. E class so Good Word. I'm in there. Alright. Yo. It's crazy though. I'm trying to call y'all.


I got in there. Yo. That's crazy. Why don't you say your people's names? Why you know why you on their radio? Your son, your wife, your fiance. I, Yeah, my son's Calvin Rodriguez. I messed up now calling him a junior. But anyway. Eliana Rodriguez. Yo, shout out the whole family. Alright Man. You have a good one. Be safe out there. All right, Yo. Thanks. Yo. Peace, peace, peace. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got Nyla hanging with us this morning.


Yes, yes. And we have a special guest who Charlemagne Claims is a family Member. I don know why you keep saying this and we say This all the time because when we announced that your album came out, he didn't even know your album came out And I forced him, Made it. That is not true. Wow. All all. 'cause That is not true. Chloe Bailey, ladies gentlemen. And we played the song. I played the Missy record and the Chris Brown record that morning did my Family in Trouble. That's right. But I had to make him download the record 'cause he didn't even know That's not true. I don't well know now. That's right. You said you bought it. You bought it, right. We don't download you, but you said you bought it. Listen in Pieces is out right now. Okay. Did you buy it? All right? Did all y'all people online? I streamed it complaining, making noise by it. I streamed it. Okay, how you feeling this morning?


I Feel great. I'm so happy. Like the past two days I've been feeling like great. To be honest, the week and a half like before, it was like a little rocky but tour kind of been getting me out the funk because the shows have been amazing. They've all been sold out and everyone's singing every lyric to every song. So I'm like, the love is real in real life. So I've been feeling good. Why Were you in a funk? I know you wasn't letting these, these, these digital heads on the internet get to you. Well geez. Well Emini here. Like you're like we're all human. Yeah. So of course some things are gonna bother you. And I think when you put so much time and effort into the art of everything and it's really a conceptual album, I executive produced it. I produced on 12 out of the 14 songs on there. I had a lot of incredible, amazing talent on the project.


So I was just like, it's okay, come at me bro. So I'm ready for what's next, to be Honest. What's the title mean in pieces? Yeah, so in pieces it's kind of like a double entendre. So in pieces represent the pieces of my heart that has been left, broken from life situations, relationships, things like that. People stabbing you in the back. And then it also means what's left in pieces is the box that people try to put me in on who they think Chloe is. And you know, I just have to speak for myself and break through it. That's what it means. It's like the simp side and then the place of power side. It has to be difficult because People seen you grow up. So it's like they seen you as this young girl. So now when you break it out into your own, it has to be difficult for, for your fans.


I, I guess, right? Maybe, maybe not. I am really proud of my sister And I because we've been branching out on our own successfully and people are getting to like know who we are individually. And I'm so blessed that I grew up with her in life so we could go through everything together. And it came to a point where we were so dependent on one another. Like we were Siamese twins. So what forced us apart was her going to London to shoot Little Mermaid. And you know, me being in LA and especially with the pandemic, the travel restrictions, going to another country was crazy. So as stressful as it was for the both of us, we both had separation anxiety. It like forced us to figure out, okay, who's Chloe, who's Holly? So now when we come back together, it's gonna be even stronger because now we also have a great sense of self.


Did Did y'all recognize the growth in each other, you and Holly? Like when y'all finally did get back together, did she see growth in you? Did you see growth In her? Yes. The crazy thing is, growing up it was me who was afraid to speak up. So like she would be the one speaking up for me. And like she's the Aries, like the younger sister. Yeah, she's the like, don't mess with her. And it would always be me like, oh my gosh, I like, I don't like confrontation, things like that. And so because of that I had to force myself to speak up for myself. Mm. Because I didn't have my sister right there doing it for me. So now I'm very independent and very vocal And I say what Emini here and Emini here what I say. And she's recognized that. She's like, well you're like a completely different person.


I'm so proud of her because she's confident in who she is as an individual as well. Like we both were missing that and now we both found it. So it's like we're stronger. Did that change 'cause you missed your sister or was it a relationship that made you change? Or was it writing your music that made you change? What was that change? That's a great question. I think it was a combination of everything. I think it got to a point where I realized if I don't fight for myself, then I'm just gonna be left in the dust. And if I don't speak up for what I want and speak up for who I am as a human being, then like it's just going to fall on deaf ears and closed mouths don't get fed. So, you know, throughout the music I was finding my strength because I was saying things that I was afraid to say or speak up to certain individuals.


And then from there it just grew from that. It was like, it just kept growing and growing and now it can't really stop. I feel like growing up as women we're taught to like not be so vocal. So now that you are being vocal, do you feel like you're being a, or like do you feel like, like you have to turn on a new version of yourself? Absolutely not. There's, it's not about what you say but how you say it. You can command a room without having to bark so loud. And as long as you believe in what you're saying and you don't change in that for anybody, people will respect you. W was was pray Away based on a true story. Yes. So I wrote that song with my girl Jazzy And I kept seeing her like three, four times that week at every event.


And I'm all about signs like I, I don't feel there are any coincidences in life. And I was like, so the final place I saw her, you Can say that now there's gonna be a dude that's gonna follow and every, this is a sign, This is the Sign, A sign that you crazy. But I was like, okay. So we passed each other going to the ladies' room at the studio And I was like, I got back in my session. I said, so I texted her, I was like, can you come in here? And she played me a few demos and it was the skeleton of Prayed Away. It was originally called church. I was like, I'm in love with this because I loved how open it was. It was completely raw and honest. And for me, I've always learned to just be the bigger person and turned the other cheek. And it's like sometimes you do want to get down and dirty and get on that person's same level, but I will never give anyone that power over me.


So it's like, you know, I'm gonna pray it away. So it was quite easy to finish out the song because there has been people who have tried me And I love it, I really do. But when the last Time you really wanted a person hurt 'cause that's what the song, that's what the song is about. You wanting a person hurt but then having to pray It away. I think the last time I felt like I wanted somebody to hurt five days ago. Yeah, Five days. She grew in five days. She said, I've been growing how long? Five days. That's right. Yep. When you say hurt though, you don't really mean hurt, you just mean like you want them to feel how you feel. Yes. Okay. Like, but the thing is we never have to do the work like karma speaks for itself. That's true. You know, so never give someone power to get you out your character.


That's I But you've never been like, or you, you don't believe in like spite like I gotta get my get back. No, You'll just let The World. I don't. Yeah, because I don't want it to come back to me and turn. So I just let them dig themselves in a ditch. Alright, we got more with Chloe Bailey when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have NLA Simone here. We're still kicking it with Chloe Bailey nla. So you talked about stepping into your sexuality on the album and obviously we've been seeing it in the music videos and stuff like that. Yeah, but swarm, that clip that was trending on Twitter, it was, people were making it sound like I'm getting caught. Like, did you see? Did you see it? I'm like, no, but I, I guess I'll go look at it and then I look And I'm like, it's really not that bad.


It's two seconds. Yeah. It's really not that bad. Yeah. Christ. What the, for a father that's like 10 minutes. I, man, Okay, So for that 10 minutes, Jesus. So this is, Man, y'all don't ever think about us. Y'all know. Right. Never think about us. Right. Jesus. So because God is good, lessons are flowing. I'm an actress as well. What I love about acting is that I'm not Chloe whenever I'm playing that certain character and shout out to Donald Glover, Janine Nabors, Dominique Fishback and Damson, like we had the best time. And when I was shooting on that set, I fell more in love with acting. I barely wore makeup, everything was shot on film. In music, you win and thrive off of being this image of perfection or whatnot. Like you get clowned for messing up or tripping or falling on stage or looking a hot mess on the carpet.


But with acting, that's where the beauty is with all of the flaws and you know, the imperfection and things like that. So I fell in love with the script. Now I, I totally like didn't even connect, oh, I have to do a sex scene. I've never done a sex scene before. And I was like, okay, well I'm not the focus of the scene. It's really about the shock value of Dre and Khalid watching each other. And like, you see the obsession between the sister's form at the beginning, like The awkward shooting. No, no. You see me for two seconds in the mirror and, and you did not see, you did not even see crack. You saw everything, You Saw everything that you see from me on stage. What? Like, let's keep it real.


Did You have to call, like when you told your dad, Hey dad, this is the scene. Or you know what, how, how was that conversation? Because dad's still gonna be a dad. My daughter's 21 And I don't care For sure. It's still a dad. Yeah. I feel, feel like dads will always look at their little girls like they're still little. Absolutely. And that's totally fine. I, one thing I will say about my parents is that they know this is our job. And so what Was the call you called that? Hey dad. Hi baby. How you feeling? I just finished shooting. He did What did you shoot? Go. Okay, so it wasn't about the shoot, it was about when I first got it. And you know when the agents will call and be like, Hey, congrats da da da da da. And after I got it, I think my dad read the script and he's like, oh okay. It's like, yeah, He deleted Twitter.


Okay, I'm not on this week. Did dad go there from there? No, it was just me. I had to hop on a flight right after. I bet you the internet doesn't realize how much more money they make you. Because if a two second scene calls them to lose their mind like that, all that's gonna make other people say is, oh, we gotta get Chloe in our movie. Yep. We gotta get Chloe on TV Show is God Is good. You gotta get Chloe endorsement deal. I like how you were saying, you see, you said it is working. When you say like acting you can be imperfect and the music has to be perfect. Why can't you bring the imperfections to the music? Because I think like, like what's dope about Cardi B is that you could hear she's from the Bronx, you know what Emini here and like the Spanglish she uses sometimes.


Like why can't it be both? Well I do do both, but that's what people ridicule me for being imperfect, not being the type of image they want me to be. People say they want certain things and then when you do it, that's what they used to pick on you. The weirdest thing is when people say things like she don't know who she is, she's not being herself. You don't know her. Thank You. You don't even know her. I'm sure they'd like me if they'd meet me. I'm a really nice person. I wanted, I wanted to ask. Yes, you're on a sold out tour. Yeah. Does that mean that you're not gonna be a special guest or that you are gonna be a special guest on somebody else's tour coming up? Well I'm definitely, you're trying To ask are you gonna be opening it for Beyonce? I'm definitely gonna see the show for sure. And it's been exciting, like seeing what I've been doing for myself.


Like I've never headlined a solo tour ever sis. And I never got to do it for ungodly hour because we were in the midst of a pandemic. So Mm. I really didn't know what to expect going into it. Like when I announced it, even before the album dropped, I was a little nervous like, would people wanna come? Things like that every night I'm like telling my godmom and my team, I'm like, what do you see out there? Like people out there like for some reason it doesn't click that people are there to see me. Correct. And it's sold out. And I think when you're constantly used to people telling you otherwise a part of you, as much as you don't want to, begins to believe it. But then when I step out on that stage And I see it And I hear it, it's not like people are just watching me being quiet. Like they're singing the words back to me.


They're giving me that energy and that love. You can't fake that. You can't buy that and and make up numbers. You can't do that with that. That's real. So as long as I'm connecting with the ones who love me And I'm doing what makes me happy, that's really all the, that matters. Absolutely. And it is also okay to have your people say, don't ask me no Beyonce questions. I love Beyonce, but I'm my own entity. That's right. Because Emini here, I'm sure Kelly, Michelle, everybody's gone through that. That has stood next to that great person we call Beyonce. So, okay. You know what, tell 'em don't ask you no Beyonce Questions. Yeah. Emini. Here she is. Beyonce. Everybody wants to know about her. So I'm just like cool. Like I don't really look much into it. Are You gonna be opening up for her though? Just say exactly what he said. Don't ask no questions about Beyonce.


One good time. She's My family. Let's practice Chloe. So are you gonna be opening up for Beyonce? I plead the fifth. No, say don't ask. Okay. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. I'm nice. Okay. And you're my family now. I do cuss. Are you Gonna be opening up for Beyonce? I Don Dunno. Really? Definitely gonna take that clip though and be like said don't ask no questions about Beyonce. That was gonna go everywhere. No, that would be Great now. Now with all the critique you get from being a music artist, by the way Guys, she said she didn't know. She didn't say no, she just said, she just said she not saying we heard. Just Put it out. With all the critique you get from being a music artist, does it make you just wanna stay in acting because of, because of the freedom that you getting acting?


That's a really great question. In this past week that crossed my mind a few times. Mm. And I got over it like two, three days ago. Really? Yeah. And I was like, when people make you doubt, and especially as creatives, we already doubt everything we do. So you begin to think like, oh well maybe this isn't for me, but then I would be going against the exact reason why God put me here. So why like pray it away, never lessen yourself to please somebody else. And that's an everything. Chloe Bailey, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us, You guys so much. We love you guys. I love you all. Always thank you. And It's The Breakfast Club. It's Chloe Bailey. We got a special guest in the Building.


Yes indeed. We have Marsha Ambrose. Welcome back. What's happening? Hi guys. How Are, How you putting Marsha? How? Seven, eight years, Nine years. It's been a long time. Crazy. How you feeling? I'm Great. How are you? Doing well. Less Black and Holli.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koska, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Favorite Emini here you. You got so many classics to me. Late nights, early mornings, friends and lovers. Nyla, you've done it again with Casa Blanco. Thank you. You heard it? Yes, absolutely. They gave it to you. I feel it's such a vulnerable feeling when people like have it now. It's like not real. It's like this is all a dream. Well, congrats. Thank you. So I, I heard it was your mom that actually got you to a link back up with Dr. Dre. You know what she did in true SCS of fashion, the liver puddling that she is, she hit me up and said, oh, you Using words. We have no idea what That means. Er means you were born and raised in Liverpool. Okay, a liver pian. Right? Okay. So I'm born Liverpool, born and raised.


So my mom calls me, me mom calls me and says, oh Marsha, have you spoke to him? And Dr. Dre, I don't even think she referred to him as Dr. Dre. She just said, Dre, like I was supposed to know who that was. And I'm like, no mom, I haven't spoke to Dre lately. And I was like, all right, I'll call him up. So this is round about the end of 2020 December. So I give him a call, say, what's up? We reconnect. He's like, I'm working on a couple of things, I'll send you a couple of ideas. So we started shooting ideas back and forth, what would then be the GTA video game? But I didn't know that that's what was being worked on. You know, Dre's just like, let's just work. You never know what's gonna happen. So we're going back and forth and couple of weeks go by and the top of 2021, he had a brain aneurysm And I was on the treadmill when I found that out.


Like looked at my phone and you know, it popped up whatever news outlet and it was like what? I just talked to him like less than 24 hours ago and made all the calls, found out everything was okay and stable. 24 hours after that he called me, said, look Marsh, I'm cool, I'm in recovery, but I want to get back to work so I want to get you out to LA and let's just figure some things out. So He in the hospital bed calling you like, look we gotta get back to work. Wow. All I know was like plugged up, plugged up, like, yep. On the way back I said, okay Dr. Dre, whatever you say. And within a couple of weeks I was in LA most of that year, 2021. And the creation of Casa Blanco happened a couple of months after that.


So it was really all the GTA stuff. And then I told Dre that I was over doing this artist thing, Nyla's mother's now. And I just want to chill. Like I just want to produce and write. I've never been a pick me, I wanna be in front of the cap. No, I was done. And he said, yeah, nah. Oh you was done with music? Yeah, Really well, being an artist. Being an artist. Yeah, Being an artist. Like I was always gonna create. But the whole being the artist thing, I was like, I've done everything that I could possibly do on a, this bucket list that I tried to create for myself. I've surpassed my bucket list, my actual What was on the bucket list. I'm just Curious. Get signed, win a Grammy, lose some Grammys.


I don't know, like work with my favorite artist, like regular stuff. But my actual things I didn't write. Ooh, work with Michael Jackson, work with Prince, work with Stevie, work with Dr. Drake. I didn't write those things out loud, but I wanted those things And I achieved that by now. This is 24 years in for me. So I'm like, ah, what's next? I'm on my Quincy Jones mission. I, I like the pedestal you put hip hop on on this album. Oh, I have to because just musically, it just shows how much of a classic musical art form hip hop is. The fact you can go from a, that that Tenian record is like from the forties, right? Yeah. In fact you can go from Nat to Nas To nineties, right? And it blends perfectly seamlessly.


It doesn't, a lot of things that we did on this album shouldn't make sense. Like I truly believe we will be in the Guinness Book of World Records for how many things we sampled and the way that we sampled them. So no, Wu-Tang, duke Ellington and Michael Jackson aren't supposed to fuse but on thrill her. They did. You know? So it's, yeah, it was a wild ride. But one of the most amazing experiences I've ever had. Not only recording it, just the entire process. Even getting to this point, even it taking so long to get a release date for it to be available. Like the entire thing has just been, no one's done this before.


You talk about inspiration, right? And, and Charla may say how you inspire so many people, but you must have inspired Dr. Dre as well because we haven't heard music from Dr. Dre. We haven't seen him executive produce things. We've only heard rumors and like, it's almost like a tease. Nothing ever comes out. You hear, you hear Dr. Dre's executive producer such and such album, but you never hear this private. He recently said this in a bit in a, in an interview he recently did and said, And I absolutely believe this, he may have only released 5% of the music that he's ever recorded. Wow. And now working with him as extensively as I did during the pandemic. It's absolutely true. And he doesn't do it purposefully. It's because he loves the creative process.


And it's like, no, this is just for us. This is ours. So what did you do? How did you, how are you one of the few people to actually get your album up? Did you ever think it wasn't gonna happen? I'm I'm the only there you are. The only, there's not one person. Damn. Before or after. I don't even think this happens again. That has an entire project solely produced and mixed by Dr. Dre. How did I do it? Not clear, but I know that I did it. I know that this is something that he'd never done. And I feel like that that was the driving force for it to be something new. He could have just a hip hop record, it could have just been a soul r and b. It's none of those things.


It's something so specific. So different, but so familiar. And I feel like we were both going through a similar situation. It was, he had health scare, I had a health scare. The pandemic is happening. It felt like the end of the earth during that time. Mm. So it felt desperate in a way. It felt if we don't do this and this world ends tomorrow, what's the mark that we actually leave on planet Earth? And musically, like you said, I've done things that, you know, a Marsha Ambrosius album is this specific thing. If I had to leave it all on the floor and put up my triple double and win a chip, that's this album. Mm. If it was all said and done, like okay, apocalyptic world that we're now in because of the Pandemic and many other things.


It was that it was out of desperation and feeling like I could have lost my life. Dre could have lost his. Mm. We didn't. We survived these things we're now post Covid, OVID. How do we navigate through this and what does that sound like? And that's why and how this happened. So yeah, Dre being inspired by me, I'm inspired by him. It just took off. Tell us what the title means. So Casa Blanco, I initially, within a week of recording what we knew this was gonna be after Tunisian nights, he threw out some album titles, a couple of which were things like sing or I sing more. And I was like, Drake, we need an actual title.


Like what is this? It was like Emini here you sing my is it? So I'm like, no Drake, that these to be a title. Like what is this thing? So I was in a spoiled circumstance where I'm driving through the Beverly Hills, like just Hollywood Hills every day to the destination to record. And it felt very vintage Hollywood. Like the lights, the lamps, it was glitz, glamor, red carpets, the whole nine. And I felt underdressed for the studio every time I got there based on what we were creating. So it was strings, it was a symphony, but it painted these pictures And I was like, no, it feels like a place. It feels like Casablanca.


And it was like, Hmm, okay Casablanca. He said, but nah, it's that Dre. So it's a little bit more gangster than that. It's like Casa Blanco. Grisel de blanco. So the fusion of that very vintage jazz Hollywood feel meets hip hop is how Casa Blanco became what it was and what it is. Hi, we got more with Marsha Ambrosius when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Marsha Ambrosius Charlemagne. And all you make it feels like is soundtracks to make love to Of course. Like nothing more than nothing less. Why? Why is that? I have no clue.


It's just in me. It's ridiculous. Like I've had this, whoa, a friend of mine recently, it was like how do you even come up with another one? This why not even in a place of desperation in even in a place of The World was over. I still find a song to make love to. It's a gift that's no, it's a gift. I gotta Ask, what don't we call a one night stand music? Too Good to have a one night stand to. Well that was The point. My one night stand is now 10 years long. Oh, Okay. And I'm saying, so I definitely lent from other experiences and wild drunk nights over the course of, you know, Grammy open bar.


You know, it gets very ridiculous. So yeah, those one nights, they're a part of that song too. But ultimately it's that one night that could be your forever that could be turned For a long time. So you have a bunch of people that would be like, you shouldn't have one night stands, Why not? Exactly. That's right. I don know where it's gonna go. That's right. Like everything is a one night stand when you think about it. Yeah. So we've all done it. It's whether or not it lasted or it didn't, but you shouldn't be. Ooh, I'd never do that if I didn't do it 10 years later in a 7-year-old. Maybe that doesn't happen if I don't just, you know what Emini here. Like if I don't say, hey, I wanna ask. So I wanna go back to what you said. You said the the health scare and and your child. How did that change your life with, with the healthcare in your child? 'cause I, I guess if the, the baby's what, six, seven years old happened right before Covid.


So you pretty much raised the baby during Covid? During Covid It's just covid. Babies are different. Oh They're different. It's Ridiculous. Like, but for me, how it, how it all changed, it changed all of us. You know, being in a dark place. I don't think there's anything that could bring you out of that. And that was terrifying during the pandemic. And I'm pretty sure for anybody where you're like, not even your kid could bring you No, my mother, my father, my brother, like close friends couldn't write Your way Up. This is what Casa Blanco ended up being. I didn't think I'd see this moment at one point. So to get here and to be happy and to be in a space that I'm in is just wow.


Wow. Is that where the song, I guess self-care Wrong Right. Might come From but even that is a song to, to make love to. Yeah. What's the wrong Right part of it though. Like what does that mean? Who's wrong? Self-care. Wrong. Right. What initially those were two separate songs and the self-care was I needed to do me figuratively, literally. So by the time we got to wrong right, it's me inviting that person then into my space and it's given me good like you so hood like please don't go. It's that you are so wrong right now for even trying to let me let my guard down 'cause I was so cool with just letting me do me.


And then here comes this. Mm, this ugh, this fine dark chocolate. God sweat me off my feet and let me put my guard down and I'm a Leo and that's hard for me to do. So when it happens, it's both terrifying. But the fear in a lioness comes out in aggression and anger and a lot of sexual appetite. That is anyone that knows. That knows. And yeah, that was, you're so wrong right now Where did y'all meet? Where did, where did you meet your husband? On tour. On tour? Yes. How did that go down? Because you, you talking about him, you just, you started your mouth starts Sal Sal you just, you start getting hot Together And you turn envy on Because you say, I'm thinking about the song wrong.


Right. I'm like, Hey Woo Emini here. Envy thinking about your man getting turned on Just out. No, I'm just saying, I'm just saying she was just so excited. I'm just asking where did they meet. But that's where the music That's love is love It got me thinking about my wife. All right, I'm sorry. Get, it's fine. No, we met on, on Tour 10 years ago and I saw him, it's 10 years later. I said, you know when you know, you know you keep like all the movies that you see that's corny. Like it never happened. Yes it did. It was, I seen him and he had a red fitted on And I was like, who is that?


And I approached him like, yo, what's up? And we got to talking and we haven't stopped talking since. Wow. You need to write a book called One Night Stand. Because there's so many people who think you gotta make, make the Man wait 30 days or 60 days or 90 days. There's so many formulas to it. Maybe you don't just follow your intuition because it all depends on what type of person you are. Like there are people that are, I've never been, I'm not approaching unless I know it's for sure. I don't know. There's many formulas to it. So even if I did write a book, I'm going with what worked for me. I'm not giving you the manual to how this works out. Like, ooh, you too can find your 10 years later.


Or you know what Emini here, like I'm not giving it as game like that. I'm saying if you saw what it was that you wanted and you didn't make your move, that's on you. 'cause then you'll sit there and and ponder and be like, well what if I just said something? What if I just approached? So by the time that I did and it was what it was And I knew that it was more than just that one night in Philadelphia, that one night in Chicago, that one night in Virginia, that one night in la now it's many nights now it's ooh, you wanna move in? Sure. Moved in together and then it's, oh you wanna go back to the UK for Christmas with me meet my whole family.


Sure. Wow. And then by April we were pregnant. Wow. It's that serious. I can't, sounds ridiculous when I say it. No it doesn't. No. When I say ridiculous it's like, that's the timeline though. Hmm. You know, and we were both very short And the album is very like 1990 now. Like how do you have such a nostalgic feeling but feeling but keep it fresh. Any hip hop connoisseur or r and b head nineties is just, it's it, it's unmatched. It was a time if you weren't outside, Just say that. And I feel like with this album to have grasped what the Nas of The World were doing then the Marys of The World were doing then. But making it now it's because that was timeless.


I was gonna ask, you know, you, you talk about Dr. Dre only releasing 5% of the music that he actually made. How much music did y'all make and how did, what was the process of trickling it down from the amount of songs you made to this 11? You know what's crazy, we made about 12 or 13 songs really and knew when it was time to start. We knew it when it was completed. And the only reason why the other two didn't make it is because one of them, it made the album play a little longer than we felt comfortable with. And it matched another song on there like evenly. Like if you had to get rid of one or the other and Right, right, right. Like ah, it's definitely that one though. And one of them we couldn't clear like getting, nah, can you Damn Nah one of them.


So I was like okay, we can't clear that one. We have an album and Dre in the creative process has like a, a whiteboard on the wall. We write the titles for each song. We just looked at it and was like, that's it, we're done. So between end of April, 2021 and end of May, we were completely redone. Done with recorded vocally. I I recorded everything. Written everything. We took a couple of weeks off and reconvened and Dre said 27 piece orchestra. So we were at Gala Studios, Eric Go Fame did the string arrangements and we were in with the orchestra listening to them go crazy on this album that we created, which was already doing what it was gonna do.


This symphony just took it to another place like didn't even make any sense. So by the time that's happened, it's just timeless in that way. All right. We got more with Marsha Ambrosius when we come back. Let's get into her joint is called Thriller. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It DJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. That was through La Marsha Ambrosius. Her album comes out next Friday. What's happening? I was watching the r and b Money podcast Shout to Tank and you made a comment. I guess you was joking. I don dunno if you were joking or not talking about you thought Stevie wanted to really can see now and people took it as they were mad at you for a little bit Mad at me. How?


I don't Know because if you're a Stevie Wonder fan, what I said was he can see, if you listen to the music to be one of the most prolific descriptive songwriters of our time, how can he not? And maybe not in the way that you believe that that is, but his pen game makes you visualize us with actual sight, visualize everything he was saying. That's a gift. That's what I said. Yes. He can see. 'cause there's no way he says, I never dreamed you'd leaving summer.


And I literally see the summer day he's referring to. Mm, that's not fair. Mary wants to be a superwoman And I know who Mary looks like. I've already made that character, the song plays And I see it. Stevie more than any songwriter I believe on Planet Earth has made me see a song the way Stevie does. That's what I said. I said what I like I said, that's why I said I get what you're saying. He might be blind but he got vision. There's a difference Beacon of vision to use that song on Casa Blanco. I remember Dre actually he might, Dre was nervous about using the Stevie record or like asking him like, yo, let's, let's hit Stevie and see what he thinks.


I'm like, okay. Crazy. But yeah, we got to use visions on Casablanca with Stevie's blessing and this fake bucket lips I keep making up. Like I'll check that one off. You know. Did Stevie FaceTime Zoom, what did he do? I wanna say it was a phone call the I had And I, Dre had spoke to him also. So yeah. How, how involved is Dre? He had, see we're just gonna let that one do this. Cool. What? You ain't slick how involved You caught it. You caught it as long as you caught it. Oh Absolutely Everyone, you caught it smooth. I love it. You caught Quite No, no FaceTime. No FaceTime. I love it. Cool. I've got a couple more questions.


Mj coachable What? Yes and wanted to be like, I had a spoiled experience. I was just getting to, you know, Atlanta then get to Philly, get signed by the end of that year, now I'm in the studio within less than a year of the time it took me to get to the States then work with Michael Jackson 'cause he's heard this demo And we were here in New York, hit factory. Michael Jackson was there in the studio two hours before call time just warming up his vocal. He was that guy. Like he was great because he worked unlike any other and Mike was just the king for all reasons. Now you also mentioned Flory fans will always, what, what will Flory ever do an album together again or that chapter of your life is over?


Who knows? No chapters are closed. And I think rewinding to what you said about, you know, when I met my husband, I did a Flory tour 20 15, 20 16. And that's when I met him and then got pregnant the following year on the other tour. So it was like a back to back hey reunion, it's all love and yeah, who knows. Now also I seen Amanda Seals was on club. She, she and talks about, she said that she thinks you wanted her to quit Flory. Was that true? The loaded question, quick flow of trees is is very vague what was happening with Amanda Seals And this is what I don wanna spend a lot of time in this. This is like a quick bit. When did we last do The Breakfast Club? This is like 7, 8, 9 Years ago. Came up for 2018.


Yeah. So yeah, initially my, the first thing I said about Amanda Seals is, sorry like, and it was, she was put in a position that she shouldn't have been in in the first place. The label and management are trying to reestablish what that was and it just didn't work. So by the time we've put all of these things into action, we've rehearsed a show and you've given it to the public, everyone has gone, oh nah. And there's nothing I can do about that part. And this is also 17 years ago, three weeks of a summer tour. We may have done like 15 or 16 shows and it just didn't work out. And that was the end of that really. But we've had nothing.


But for me we'd had nothing but positive interactions thereafter. Like I saw her 2013, we took pictures together, we reminisced and she'd been texting me throughout the years after that. Nothing but positive vibes. So I'm in a good space right now, 17 years later. So for whatever she believes that was, I don't think publicly we can do this combative. Well you said this happened or I said this happened. I know exactly what happened on my end, but you know, it's kind of 17 years ago. I've done all this healing between now and then. I'm not the same like 17 years ago, 2007. I'm still talking to Michael Jackson at that point.


I've still got Prince on speed dial. Like I was still very much Grammy winning. Grammy nominated me that was in a position to do what I wanted to do at that point moving forward. And here we are 17 years later and I'm still moving on and moving forward and Casa Blanco with Dr. Dre's about to drop and just in a different space, you know, On the song Greedy. It makes me wonder, does your husband ever hear certain lyrics and be like you talking about us? 'cause you say it's never enough to love you. Same old, lame old. Ain't no way I'm ever gonna take that. I'm giving you everything. And it's the thanks I get Don't play that. Hmm. Even if it was greedy during that time and even during the creative process of Casa Blanco, my husband And I had a conversation about where I was at mentally to create the actual, basically he said I didn't have to be married Marsh and come from that space.


And I understood what he said when he said that. 'cause the love songs are different if I'm attached to the relationship I'm in and having to kind of skirt around what that looks like, those songs sound like Don't Wake the baby or just like old times and they're different with this. It was, you need to stretch that pen and write from a space of you doing you and what does that sound like? So by the time I got to greedy, I was angry at The World. Like it's never enough to love anyone or anything. And then be satisfied in a way that you feel like you put your a hundred in and they only claim it's 30%.


So I could give you the moon. And it's like, well where the sun at? Like it's the moon family you don't want, you know? And I feel like greedy. I was talking about everyone. It wasn't even just about him. It was everyone and everything playing this tug of war of if you are not next to me, you feel as though you're missing out on something that you only gain by being with me or taking something from me. I'm like, well what's the end game like? What exactly do you want? 'cause you're really upset. Like you mad as you not around me like that greedy Fantastic album comes out next Friday, June 28th.


Oh my goodness. When you say it out loud it's real. That's right. Next Friday. Oh man. Listen. Well What do you want to hear off the album? Do I want to hear? Might be wet. Wet. Let's do it. Alright, We'll get that on. Thank you so much for joining us. The album Casa Blanco comes out next Friday. You guys can check that out. And we appreciate you for spending it with us today. Thank you so much for having me. There you go. Appreciate Y'all. It's Marsha Ambrose, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Donkey The day. And I Deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them, tell them, tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above damn Charlamagne.


Who you giving Dusty Day to now? Well sexy.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay Based on the inspirational true story. Damn Proud of you Kia Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd pleaser. The whole family can agree on my baby going to the living face to this generation's Rocky, can't Nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheat. Go. It's one of the best movies of the year. He Represent out there who I would do it at Flynn the fire inside based on the incredible true story with PG 13. Inappropriate for children under 13. Now playing only in theaters.


Red Donkey today goes to a 30 5-year-old man named Rashan Shale. No Rashan Shawa Aju. I don't know if I pronounce this man's name right but let's get to the story. Rashan is likely headed for trial according to LA County. Superior Court records because he was arrested on October 18th. What was Rashaan arrested for? Well he was arrested because he was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's. I repeat. He was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's, not even with a real gun. Okay, a replica pistol. See y'all think I'd be lying but you can look this up. The victim reported that Rashaan arrived at the third window in the drive through line and demanded a third hash brown after ordering two. Okay, big back behavior. The employee of the McDon, the employee of the McDonald's let the suspect know that he only paid for two and the suspect Rashaan told the McDonald's employee, don't you f with me while using the employee's name from his name tag. So let's just paint the picture. If the guy's name that worked at McDonald's was Calvin Rashaan kept saying, don't you F with me Calvin. Well clearly he thought Calvin was still effing with him. So he rashaan or Rashon went to his vehicle, pulled out a firearm, the fake gun, a prosthetic pistol if you will, a silicone scrap A GMO gat. He pointed this impossible piece, this beyond biscuit at the employee and said these hash browns ain't dying for you. He didn't really say that, but in my mind that's how he was bringing it. Okay? But he did point the firearm at the victim's chest and the McDonald's employee said he gave up the third hash brown because he was in fear of his life. You think?


And can you believe Rashaan had a wife investigators identified the SUV that he was driving and it was registered in his wife's name. Right? They served a search warrant on their home and the victim positively identified Rashaan out of a lineup in deputies found a black Glock 19 style compressed air fired pistol during their search of the Canyon County home. This man had a house, a SUV and a wife and he robbing people for hash browns. Now he's facing two to five years in prison. The judge denied a motion by Rashad's counsel. They wanted a mental health diversion for him citing the aggravating and mitigation factors. I don't even know what that means, but I do believe Rashaan is dealing with some type of mental health issues.


'cause you don't flip out like that over no damn hash brown. A hash brown and you already had two. Okay? Robbing a McDonald's for a hash brown is like sticking up a Starbucks for a free wifi code. Okay? It's like robbing a seven 11 for a free Slurpee refill. If you are gonna commit a crime, at least steal something that doesn't cost less than your bus fair home. And you ain't even need bus fair because you an SUV. Okay? Who the hell wants to spend two to five years in prison? Because they committed grand theft breakfast. All right, nobody in prison gonna take you serious. Your cell asks you what you in for and you say stealing hash browns and your cellies turns you and says your ass brown. Okay? That's what things can get tricky. What? All right Robin McDonald's for a hash brown.


How hungry do you have to be to risk five to 10 years for a dollar menu item? Okay, now there's a part of me that respects the basicness of it all though. Okay? Rashaan walked into a McDonald's with a GMO gat and what did he demand? Not the hotcakes, not a sausage biscuit. Okay. By the way, McDonald's, it's 2024. Can we get chicken sausage biscuits, Turkey sausage biscuits please. No pork on my fork. But he, he, he didn't want either. Rashaan didn't want any of that. He wanted a hash brown. You gotta respect the simplicity. Forget what's in the cash register. He wanted that fried potato. Okay? Who knew you could turn big back breakfast cravings into a felony? Now I have the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee.


We don't have the wobble in there, do we? I like whenever he walks in And I want the wobble to play W wobble head, big Mac, baby wobble, w Wob wobble. You know anything concerning food? Big Mac wants to weigh in because you know he can break the scale. The floor is yours. I hate short people man. I hate short people all the time. But I, I had to speak on this one because as the president I knew you was gonna shame this man. And that's because you always looking at it from the the skinny committee. Talk to me. You not looking at it from the other side of it. Okay, first off, do you know how much hash browns are these days? How much? $3 and 49 cents. For what? Hash Brown one. I don't believe that. Lemme look that up. Change is now, huh?


Dang it. So he didn't rob McDonald's for a hash brown. He paid for three because hash browns used to be a dollar 3 49. Look, look, do your research. You see that? See? Yes. Jesus Christ. Y'all not, y'all not part of it. I get the emails all the time, every time they change it. Damn. So he ain't robbed that. I used to pay a dollar for it. So technically when he got his receipt saw $3 he said, oh wait a minute. I didn't pay for three hash browns. I only got two. Let me pull up, let me get that other one. Well that wouldn't make no sense 'cause he bought two. So then that way that'd be like almost $7 Until he saw his receipt. He said, oh they charged me for three, I gotta go back around. Lemme get that third one. Well Technically if you see $7 that'd be be they would charge him for like seven or eight based off your, the logic you used.


Right. But he's probably was getting frustrated. 'cause you know the gas price is high too. So he's like, I'm not gonna keep looping around. That's why he pulled the gun out. Mm. I'm more mad that he kept the gun for the cops to find him than he is about doing the hash brown thing. Please give Rashan Rashan. I iju the biggest haw. Okay. Matter of fact, give some sweet signs of the tones too. You the day?


No, no Rashan And I don't, I'm taking the donkey back don't you? No, you, you do. You do God's Work sir. You're still standing here like you in line at the cookout. Okay. Right. Why you still here? Right? Your plate is full. I'll Be mad 'cause you gotta sit at the kids table. Damn. You don't think McDonald's should get a little bit of that for hash browns being three 19. Yes. And then you know, they don't sell it all day like some of the other breakfast items. So he was probably like, damn, I only got like 30 minutes. Let me swing back around real quick. And then the, what'd you say Charles and Chuck? That everybody tried to be a hero. Calvin. Calvin. Everybody tried to be a hero when they worked the fast food. Just give you the damn hash brown. You know there's headlines about this like $3 for a single McDonald's hash brown.


Yes. That was customers fed up and pushing back. You're Welcome. This was on Ca. This is from February, 2024. Kl. That's crazy. Yeah. Wow. I can put you allall on the email chain if y'all want. Nah, I'm Good. You sure? Yeah, I'm good. It's Easy. No, I'm All right. Big back snacks@gmail.com. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. The Breakfast Club Boy. Everybody's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Kehlani, welcome back. Thanks for having me Here. How You feeling? I feel good. I think the last time we did this, we might've been on the, on a Zoom call, so it's cool to be in person. Yeah, it was Zoom. How's your spirit? How's your energy?


I'm Super good. I'm like probably the best I've ever been. Amazing. Yeah, I think just life is really cool. I think I made something I'm stoked about. My fans are stoked. I got to do all these cool signings and see all of them in person and just like be back in the swing of things. So I'm good. They Say you a gym rap, they said you were up at six o'clock this morning in the gym. They say every morning you don't Miss the gym. They might have lied about this morning. Oh, maybe not this morning. I was dead sleep this morning. Okay, okay. But yeah, I, I'm up, I'm always about my fitness stuff. I'm super healthy. I'm the healthiest I've also ever been. So I, I will say, you know, listening to your new album and just seeing you over the last few months, several months talking like there's a confidence and a sense of self that you have now. Yeah. That you didn't have years ago. Yeah, For sure.


Why? Why is that Emini here? I think it's been a long mental health journey. I think it's been a lot of contributing factors, new motherhood, different angles of like public being, being publicly aligned with certain things or publicly misaligned. They're just like not stepping into myself. I'm 29, I'll be 30 next year. Like I'm just, I'm, I'm growing up in a real way. So like I know how to prioritize and take care of myself differently now. So why Did you name the album Crash? So essentially a crash is the height and the peak of a moment. It isn't like the anxiety that comes before and it isn't like the overthinking that comes after. It's just this like, excuse me, cluster. It's just this, this thing that happens. And I knew this album wasn't gonna make sense to most people.


I knew that it would be something that you either loved or that you hated and that kind of just is a crash. And that's kind of been the receptionist. Some people hate it, some people love it. Some people think it's my worst and some people think it's my best. And I think that's really cool. It's a Little bit of everything. It's a little bit of, A little bit of, it's a crash. It's Really a crash and it's a little bit of everything. Yeah. Was that what you wanted to do? You know, I didn't start wanting to do that. It started as self-titled And I went on this mission to like make, finally make the Kehlani album 'cause I haven't done that yet. And we started in like going to all these different cities and we got all these Airbnbs in different places and it just kind of grew into this thing that resembled, I feel like me as a person, I feel like I've always been kind of this thing that doesn't make sense to everyone. They can't figure out like who I am, what I am, what my story is, how it's been, all of these things.


Like can't figure me out in whatever kind of way. How, how I look versus how what kind of music I make, how I sound. Once it started taking its own life, I was like, oh, okay. It's just me as an album. So yeah. What is the self-titled Kalani album supposed to be like? 'cause you said it was supposed to be a Kehlani album. Yeah. What was that supposed to? Well, that album to me is more rooted in the core things that shaped why I sing. I feel like the Kehlani album will be much more referencing like my actual core musical references. It'll probably be a lot more r and b. But this album really reflected all the things that I listened to that I grew up listening to, but didn't necessarily shape my identity as an artist, but reflect like, you know, worldly where I'm at.


So Basically we're still getting Kehlani out. Absolutely. That'll probably be my next album. Probably. Yeah. Good. Lose My Wife Is such a toxic record. Oh, it is so toxic. Kehlani. Like why, why would you, why, why would you make those choices and decisions knowing that it could cost you your wife? Oh, you know, it's not a true story. I just want it. Oh God. That's what you tell them. No, it's true. It's true. So in my head, crash is the story of this anti-hero version of myself that goes to Vegas and has this crazy run in Vegas and ends with that lament of like, oh this is crash instantly and so's. Almost like the come down song of like, oh these are the decisions that I've made and like this is what happened. So it's more of like a sonic story and an ending to the story than a true story that I needed to smack on there.


Got it. Kind of feels like the hungover song. It kind of feels like the next day you're like, ah, This is your shadow side. Exactly. Gotcha. Yeah, but when I hear songs like After Hours or like Better Night or Tears, it does feel like you're longing for a stable relationship. Does it a little bit. Yeah. In those moments. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I think everybody wants love. Everybody wants stable love and we all just have different journeys through it, you know? Yeah. And how has motherhood been? Oh, it's the best through this Journey. It's the best. She's five. I can't believe it. Covid baby. Yeah. And that it the same thing whole. Yes. It's, that's all different type of Breed. I got one thing, I got, what is It, COVID baby. I'm literally like, I'll make the day seem so fun. I'm like, we're gonna the aquarium and we're going here, we're going here.


And then she's like, no, kind of just wanna stay in the house and play. I'm like, geez, what are we gonna do? The other dad took her to the park and she was like, I'm just letting you guys know I'm not playing with any of those kids. And I was like, I respect it, but maybe we should try that. And she did. And she tried and she made some friends and she's in school so like she has friends. Wow. She still got musical interests. I, I heard you say one time she had some, she's on the album. She's on the album. She's on deep. She actually sounds so good that you can't really tell that it's her except for her tone is obviously sounds a lot younger than mine, but she's singing her all. Do you want her in industry? Wow. I want her to do whatever she wants to do. If that means industry. Sure. If that means she wants my help. Sure. If that means she doesn't want my help. Sure. If that means she wants to be a brain surgeon or a rocket scientist, let's do that.


It's her world. I'm just here. Yeah. Is the industry good for kids? Emini here? You're somebody who came in the industry as a kid young, right. I think that there's pros and cons on both sides. One, I didn't have access to the proper like mental wellness type of regimen or care to have grown up in it the way that I did. And we're seeing the effects of people who, you know, adults now and all these stories are coming out about them being like, child stars are coming out young. Yep. And on the flip side, I feel like people now have access to that. But there's, it's also a different demon fame now. It's completely different. It's why I don't really post my daughter. I don't, there's too many creeps. I don't ever her to ever look back and be like, I actually didn't consent to any of this.


I didn't give any permission. We already get embarrassed when our parents play home videos for our friends when they come over. Like if I'm just subjecting my child to her home video, her freaking growing up home videos being widely known all over the internet and she grows up one day and is like, I didn't get to tell you if I wanted that or not know. That's on me as a parent. So Yeah. Any more babies? I would love to have more babies. Whatever God wants to bless me with. I receive. Can We talk about the record what I want? Yeah. I want to that look better than me get. Wow. Wow. You reading it so serious. Yes. You shoulda had Jeffrey one. Let's talk about what I want. Is that what? Get Better than me. You shoulda had Jeffrey read that one. He was so excited to read that too. But seems on that record, it seems like you're to between wanting to be spoiled but also feeling comfortable being the one who spoils.


Am I? Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm definitely like, I fluctuate. Absolutely. I'm, I think I'm more of a giver than a receiver of like spoiling. I think that's just my nature. But I, it's just a classic song about naming all the things that I want. I don't think any of them are even cohesive. I think they're just like, here's a list of all the all my dream things that I want. But if you having a wild weekend in Vegas, why would you lie to a woman like that? Why would you make her feel like, like she's so Special. Isn't that what you do in Vegas? Doesn't Vegas make you No, not like that. But I'm saying does it? Is Vegas not like some adult Disneyland of like all your vices and you don't talk about it when you give? Actually actually I have a tiny residency in Vegas.


Thank you. I have a show. Thank you. I have a show at the end of next month and in August. That's what I do in Vegas. Okay. Yeah. Because even on the song Vegas, maybe I'm tripping. It didn't sound like you was actually in Vegas. You just said what we do is like Vegas. Exactly. The only RI made a couple songs actually I made part of what I want in Vegas. I made part of SU in Vegas Emini here. Actually I made most of Susie on Vegas and a part of Groove Theory in Vegas. But the song Vegas I made in Los Angeles. Okay. And then on of my Gold of Vegas to fall in love. Like they go to creep, have fun. You know, You gotta lie to the person Who said I'm lying. Y I don know what y'all Got going on. Lying. We don't know. Hello?


The record Sushi or Sushi. Doesn't that mean, isn't that Spanish? Sus Sl sus Dirty. Sus su said Sus sushi. Sus Su is suya suya suya suya. No, it's Su. There we go. Here's a list. Pia, That P'S list. And that's dirty, right? Yeah. Dirty girl period. Yeah, there We go. Bilingual. Is that what the record symbolizes? Yeah. And dirty basically. Okay. Emini here. Young Mickos versus crazy if it's translated. And Jill Scott is freaky. Auntie Max. Extreme. Lord Max. She's the the freak Lord. Honestly the original freak. So I had to tap her in. Yeah. Yeah, she, that was an honor. All right. We got more with Kalani when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning.


Everybody's DJ J Envy, Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Kehlani. Jess, I noticed that you don't have a lot of features on this album. Was that intentional? No, I tried to get more features. There was a couple things that were going on. Different time things and not necessarily being aligned at the time. Different people not aligning with me and just things not making sense. But the ones that did stick around for me and really, you know, held me down, I'm super appreciative and they killed it. Yeah. Yeah. Now after hours, were you surprised of how fast that took off, especially on social media? Crazy. Yeah, TikTok was like a huge dancer and Yeah, honestly I have to give a lot of credit to, to Darius Hickman who was an incredible dancer and he was in the after hours video and he left rehearsal for one of the, for the after hours video and went home and just like made this little dance on TikTok and it just like, it took it on one.


And I think it's such a testament to how powerful like dance is and how like dancers are like DJs, like they could really break songs. Like it is, I give him all the credit for that 'cause it's crazy. Did you know who Luie D was beforehand? Yeah. Okay. Of course. Why you disrespect her like that? I'm asking Man, That's a classic record. I'm like, of course the one song I'm Luie D had one song. So you know, maybe people, did she have one? Of course the One song I think had, I think she had one. Yeah, she had one. Yeah. Now you, you also mentioned that this album isn't rooted in your personal experiences or relationships like your previous albums. Are you saying that just so you don't get in trouble and people be like, damn Kalani's so toxic? No, I think Running through these chicks, I think anytime a running through these Chicks, he wants you to, to be A pimp.


So bad, So bad, so bad. You know what's so funny is I think people would be surprised if they sat down with me to, to actually ask and inquire about my experiences because they might look one way. But it is so many different scenarios that lead to why my love life looks the way it does. And so many, you would be surprised who's, what's happened with this and what's happened with this. And it's just, it's my business and it's my world and the, I'm pretty much in good standing with anybody ever. So like running through these chicks is extreme. You do really want me to be a pimp. But you know, maybe I'll just, maybe I'll just start embodying it. Maybe I'll just, maybe I'll Just live in it. Maybe I'll just accept it. Jesus. Yeah. Does that bother you with people in your, in your, in your regular business, not just your music business all the time?


No, I think it came, it comes with the territory At one time. You didn't feel like that at Once. Oh my god, I hated it so bad. But I also, I have been, again, your mental health journey and your journey in a being a public facing person, those have to be in lockstep. Like those, if you are ever having poor mental health, there are so many times I could say I've been at a table with y'all and been in the worst states of my life And I was like, okay, that interview's gonna be whatever. And times I've been like, I'm actually not doing interviews this year because all of this. And I though You set a boundary. Yeah, absolutely. But I've also was not in a positive space to even be able to walk in a room and like hold that. Granted, I think the interview at the time that caused things like that wasn't my favorite experience with someone.


No. But I also at multiple times in my career just have not been just aligned with where I needed to be to be able to show up in that way. So now I can hold that. You could probably say anything to me and I'd be like, alright, cool. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm a huge mental health advocate. So what got you to that place where you are now, you know, and Emini here And I know it's a journey. I know it's up, I know it's down, but where, what got you to this? Yeah, This sense, honestly, I'm gonna use this moment to be really transparent and to really advocate for people, you know, getting psychiatric care. And I got a psychiatrist And I got a proper diagnosis after what felt like years of getting soft diagnosis and, and misdiagnosis. And I'm able to get medicated help and it keeps my mood stable. Mm. And I'm here and it keeps me, like, I would absolutely recommend it to anybody that feels like they need it because Right.


It's not something that anybody needs to shame or like be nervous about. And it's probably the best thing I've ever done for myself. For sure. What, What got you there? 'cause most people, like you said, they feel like they can't talk about it, they can't discuss it, they can't get the help 'cause they don't wanna be shamed. Especially a celebrity. You feel like somebody will see me do this, that and the other. But what got you to the point where it's like, f this, I need to get help. You know, I was medicated when I was a kid And I remember not having the most proper experience with it just because I was really young. And like, you're in school and like every kid has a DHD and like is hyperactive and you know, at What age were you first Medicaid? Do you remember? I Had to be in like the third grade on Ritalin. Put you on Ritalin. On Ritalin. And it really messed with my personality. And my mom was like, yeah, no.


Like you can't be a zombie. Like I'll take hyperactive turnt up. Yeah. You know, over like whatever this zombie. Yeah. You know, and I then on top of that, that still, I just remained with a psychiatrist and then I, you know, went into teenagehood And I didn't have that anymore. And then I became an adult. And just like my experiences in the music industry and the amount of like PT s that that causes paired with, you know, all your childhood trauma and like all these things, you kind of get to a point where you're like, all right, I'm not an expert. Like I can't keep being the one to dictate this or to supplement or like to, to try to fix it. I used to smoke a lot of weed. Can't do it. Won't do it. So You don't smoke anymore. Oh.


Oh. I, I haven't been a smoker in five years. Wow. Because people bring me weed all the time and I'm like, dang. That's the old, what about indigo though? Indigo kind of calms your anxiety sativa makes you have panic attacks. You know, it, it was because I got pregnant. Oh. And I couldn't, and then I got, I went to a throat doctor and he was like, oh, you don't wanna sing for the rest of your life the way your looks. 'cause I was smoking backwards, I was smoking blunts and it just, I couldn't do it anymore. And I'm just, I got to a point where I was like, okay, I'm doing all the things that I can possibly do. I'm going to the gym. I'm developing good hobbies, not going out, I'm not doing this and I'm still struggling. It's to the point where I need to call, you know, I need to ask for help. I keep hearing you talk about your, your fitness journey. Yeah. And, but then they said recently you were body shamed on, on that.


I didn't, I didn't see It. You know, it was an interesting body shame. 'cause what it was was the accusations that I got ab etching. But Girl, these so sick of people. Yeah. She got the same, she got the same Pregnant. Yeah. It's, it's really interesting. The thing is, I have diastasis right thigh and a hernia from being pregnant. So my muscles are split down the middle. So I have, I have this space right here and this, I have like a lump 'cause it's my intestine, it's a hernia and it kind of looks like an extra ab randomly above my belly button. Everybody was like, that's the proof. Like, oh boy. And then they were like, yes, proof. Because she's not super muscly anywhere else but just her core and wonder if you go back like genetically, I have, my dad is super buff. Like I'm damn near built like my father.


And then I've always kind of had, right, you can can, you can really see it. And I've always had abs and then upon like just really training my cord to like make up for the fact that I, my muscles aren't connected And I have to get my cord together to be able to do anything. 'cause it's the center of everything. I have to go a little hard on that. I honestly thought it was hilarious. And then people just being like, is that a man? And I was like, do you want me to be Jesus? See would you like me to be? But what I love is like, you didn't get mad and like go get online and start going crazy back and forth. People. You what? It doesn't do anything. Yeah. I used to do that a lot. And then you just realize like, there's crazy shit every day. People talk about some new, the next day. I remember when the internet used to destroy me.


Like it, you what I remember the other day, maybe last week, somebody might have tweeted like, oh, like y'all don't call Kehlani dirty and she has tattoos. And someone said, oh, you must be new here. Mm. And everybody was like, yeah because 2016 to to to 2018, that was it. Everybody was calling me ugly, dirty, everything. And I used to be what I was up about it like consistently. And then I just got to a point where I was like, well, life kind of goes on and like I know myself and like there are people that know me and love me deeply and care about me and like, you Know, you wash Right? Hello? Yeah. Yes. If you guys would like to come to my house for a week and double check if I shower twice a day and the levels of aftercare, like that's on you guys.


Yeah. But you know, you don't have, you can't prove those things to people. People who already wanna be like that are gonna be like that regardless. Anyway. Alright. Well old move. We got more with Kalani when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is D Ej. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking it with Kehlani. Charlamagne. Yeah. Now how, how, how did your record label And I guess just the industry period react to your, your advocacy for Palestine? You know, I think, I think we are in a, in a kind of a loop for so long of like what's safe to speak about and what's not safe to speak about. Especially with the powers that be being so powerful and that running so deep.


Obviously my music came out and obviously I'm super supportive, so absolutely no problem from my record label, I have experienced a lot of pushback. I've experienced a lot of loss, I've experienced a lot of things that were promised and set up for this rollout and album to happen that were supposed to be a lot of firsts. Really? Yeah. Magazines and, and these things and, and those type of brand deals and opportunities that were sad to lose. But at the end of the day, like I don't regret doing something that I, I I can go to sleep at night. Yeah. I can go to sleep knowing that like what I learned to be as an artist, I'm aligned with because I grew up fully understanding the role of art in liberation.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chum a Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus Terms Inc.


And and that's not to place myself in alignment with, you know, those artists and those revolutionary acts. But that's to say like, I understood what it meant to not be silent even if I never put it with the song in the video, even if just me speaking out, I always knew what it meant to have a platform and that responsibility in that way. And like I can go to sleep knowing that. Like I don't, I can look myself in the mirror, you know, and know that I did. I did the right thing. Do these magazines and stuff tell your people? Why do they say you was her advocacy of Palestine? Or do you, those are really big buildings with a lot of people involved, so it, it always makes its way back. Yeah. Yeah. You also mentioned that your advocacy for Palestine caused a lot of artists to ignore your request for Collaboration. So I was talking very fast on a live, very caffeinated early in the morning And I wasn't able to like really elaborate on that.


There are a lot of more people involved on artist teams than just the artist. And it also wasn't every single feature. There were certain people who didn't get it back in time or it wasn't aligned with like, the timing of their album. I didn't mean every single artist, but there were artists that I did reach to and someone on the team was like, we don't for her, or they said this. And then another thing made its way to me or like ano, like things you, we know, we know things travel, we know people have conversations and those people have conversations and people were respectful enough to not, you know, text me back and say, girl, fuck you, I'm a Zionist. You know, things like that. But I wasn't able to really elaborate that when I, And I would never, I would never sit here and name names because it's not about that.


It's more about how insidious the industries are and that we can be so afraid to lose what we've built. Because so many of us have come from nothing to where we have this scarcity mindset of like, I have to protect what I have going on so hard that I will do anything to stay in that world to protect it because I have to keep feeding my family. I have to keep, you know, building my legacy. I have to do that. I don't wanna chance that. And it's sad because that thing that does get dangled in front of our faces when it comes to really important political matters that people don't align with. It's sad, it's unfortunate. And I don't, I'm not mad at anyone. I'm not holding anything against anyone. I was definitely on that live like, yeah, and by the way, let me tell y'all about da da. But I definitely have those moments where I'm like, da up. But typically I'm, I'm a, I'm a longer thinker And I have more to the thought and it was just unfortunate.


And you raised over a half a million dollars for Gaza, Sudan and the con, Right? Yeah. Yeah. Do you think money is the only way people can help? Absolutely not. I think in every single issue, the idea is that you're supposed to listen to their quests of the people at the core of the issue. You're supposed to abide by the request of the most oppressed. And they have asked us to literally speak. Like, that's the thing about this whole, like social media doesn't do anything, speaking doesn't do anything. Awareness doesn't do anything but those, there are people in Congo who are just saying, make our stories heard. There are people in Sudan who go just speak about us. They're not talking about us on the news, they're not talking about us in these magazines. They're not talking about us anywhere. But you guys are, Gaza opened the door for people to even be aware of Congo and Sudan on a global scale because those issues have preceded this genocide.


Those genocides have been, have been happening. Those famines, that extreme like displacement, those have already been existing and Gaza has opened up The World to, to Haiti, to Yemen, to all of these places as that all this is going on. So the least we can do is share things here and there. And you don't have to have money, but if you do, you should put it where your mouth is for sure. I was gonna ask Absolutely. Yeah. You are a West coast girl. Oakland girl. Yeah. What you think about Kendrick's? I knew where this was going. I'm, I just wanted don't be asking, asking you about rooting Drake crazy stuff. Who was rooting for Drake? Wasn't you rooting for Drake? I haven't publicly rooted for anyone. No. Have you not seen me at the club dancing? And I Heard you coming earlier in the hall, you was humming.


Oh, you could hear me through the soundproof story from Drake Records. Oh Yeah. What they trying to pin on me in his words. Amazing. He And I, I very much respect both artists. Drake actually named my album. It was good until it wasn't. He showed me a lot of love over time. Like publicly, privately. So has Kendrick like he named that album. He did. You were having a conversation And I told him what I wanted to name it and then he was like, no, what's going on in life? And I told him and he was like, And I was like, yeah, it was honestly it was good until it wasn't. He was like, if you don't use it as your album title, I am. And I was like, oh, okay. Right. You're right then. It is a very Drake album title. It is. I think it, it came down to if, if I'm on some west coast, I'm, I'm from the west. Like I know, I know what, how important this unity is of all of us.


And I know how imperative this representation of us is. Like I love Kendrick. I've, that's the only artist I've ever stood in a line and like waited to get something signed for when I was in high school. Really like soundtrack to my life. So I have no like personal entrances, nah. In anything. I'm as a fan of the music. What Section? West West. West. West. Just musically though, what did you Think of music? Emini Here we have to respect what we, what we saw. We saw. He didn't Make in front of us. Us beige people ever since though. Oh my God. Hilarious. So listen, when you sing not like Us, do you feel bad because it's so catchy. I Have had moments where I was like in the club and I've seen that it, it, it's a club thing And I was like, damn, this is crazy. But I also remember every single big disc track in history, being able to be played for massive groups of people gathering and it being a thing that everybody is like, I was too young for like the Ether era, but like everybody talks about it and they're like, this was crazy.


It was like this, this is in the club every night though. Ether wasn't in the club. Yeah, it Was more Emini here. Back to back was in the club. Back to back. Back to back was in the club. Yeah. So as it is eras it's moments. Honestly, I'm, I'm not in hip hop so I can't speak to the sport of it, but like it's a sport. I guess You have a text Drake like, yo man, you did your thing. Nothing to be ashamed about it. It was all good for The World. No, I feel like he has real people around him who hold them down And I feel like it's taking that moment to be like, Hey, by the way, let me make sure you know, I support you. Yeah, he's he's got his folks. Damn. Mm. You mentioned a tour. Are we getting a crash tour? Absolutely. I made this album two tours specifically. Like there was so many sounds where I was like, this is gonna be so fun to sing.


It's gonna be so fun to dance to. It's gonna be so fun to play with a band. So Absolutely. Well I think for me, touring is the epicenter of my, like my career to the point where sometimes you don't even see, you can't even really tell what's going on with the music streaming and charting wise people are like, what? And then you come to the tour and it's these huge venues and people are like, I actually had no idea. Because when I look at how it's doing over there and it's just a classic example for me of like impact versus, you know, numbers. And my shows are huge. My shows are a blast. Everybody has a great time. Everybody feels safe, everybody has fun. Like that is what's important to me. So we're gonna do it again For sure. That's what's up. Because by then I would've had my baby And I can get big high.


You miss it very much. Okay. So yeah. I'm not like you girl. I'm gonna smoke. Okay. But enjoy. But not backwards though. Yeah, no. The people. Yeah, that's good. You know? Yeah. I'm trying to, I'm starting to get off the backwards movement with all the friends. Just, do you take care of yourself? You don't Like No plant-based medicines? I like CBDA lot. I like mushrooms. I ate a lot of mushrooms making this album. You might could tell there's some tripiness on here. Yeah, For sure. Yeah. Well The album crash is out now. Yeah. What you wanna hear? Don't say after albums. We played that already. So what you wanna hear besides that play? That play. Deep Emini here. Deep on site. That's a fun One. Deep all. Well, let's get into deep right now. Make sure you pick up the album if you haven't got it already. And congratulations on everything. Thank you.


I love the fact that you're just happy. You just look happy. The most important thing that's, I'm happy that you are in a place of peace. That right? Thank you. I'm super happy. Well, it's Kehlani, ladies and gentlemen. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have a special guest in the building today. She's part of our family. Part of The Breakfast Club family. Of course. That's Right. If you've ever been up here to The Breakfast Club over the last 15 years, at some point you saw this, this Woman Miss Anita. That's right. That right. Miss Anita. She held down the front desk for how long Miss Anita? 18 years. 18 years. 18. Wonderful years. Happy face that you see when you walk in the door. If you're sad, if you're upset, she's gonna give you that boost of energy. That Great hug, that great Hug in the morning.


Yes. Ladies and gentlemen. And she has a new book, hip Hop Time capsule out right now. That's Ladies and gentlemen. How do you, how do you pronounce your list now? Your last name? Sipo C Miss Anita Sipo. Actually the book will be out next Friday on Amazon and I'm really, really excited about it. It's called Hip Hop time capsule document, your personal journey. You see what happens When you retire. Yeah. You got time to do other stuff. I had plenty of time to do a lot of stuff. So this is, this is one of two books that I'll be doing. It's gonna be doing a series, but for right now this is, this has 100 questions for people to document their experience, their love, and their knowledge of hip hop.


So their prompt questions, I feel. I went to the 50th anniversary of hip hop and Yankee Stadium. Mm. And I saw people there all ages with their hip hop gear from 70 to 15. It looked like everybody. And I said, each one of those people have a story about what hip hop means to them. Yeah, of course. And I didn't see anything on Amazon that has prompt questions that invite people to tell their stories. So I said, okay. I invited my brother DJ CPO Charlemagne, you know him, that's Rightio dj cpo. He was born and raised in New York City and then moved to South Carolina and he's killing it down there. And I invite him, I said, come and help me get these questions together so we can get people to tell their personal Jo journey about hip hop.


I added 50 trivia questions and answers and then 50 quotes from the biggest legends in hip hop that are positive and timeless. So 20 years from now, you can go back and find a quote that's gonna still resonate with you. And then my brother And I, we documented, we answered the very questions that we are asking of others. So in doing so, we are telling our story as well. And then it off, if we mention a song or a point in history that was very important to us, we have a QR code that you could put your phone right up to the book and you're there. There. Wow. So it's interactive.


Wow. If I talk about salt and pepper and how much a particular song meant to the culture, salt and pepper song is gonna be there. Wow. And so we kind of do the work for people who are trying to learn about hip hop and who love hip hop. So I'm, we are very proud. That impressive. Very proud of it. Yes. It was a long, hard time coming, but I'm sitting on The Breakfast Club right now. I don't even know what to do with myself. I'm so grateful. Well, Well you said 18 years. So you, you ran into a, a bunch of celebrities, a bunch of guests, a bunch of family members. Who are some of your favorites and why? Snoop Dogg. Snoop Snoop Dogg. Hey, I spoke with you. Right. Hi. He ain't trying to smoke with you, right? Miss? Well he was gonna offer me a nip. He said he would give me a Nip Charla Manne.


You mail him The Breakfast Club. He said, why you ain't take it? You asked him say you gonna give Miss S. Right. Miss Anita a nip. He said, yeah, I'll give her a nip. What's a nip? What's a nip? Oh, like Smoke. Okay. Every time Snoop Dogg and Whis Khalifa got off the elevator, all you see is a puff of smoke. And then they would just appear. So I love Snoop Dogg, but as so many other artists and legends that I love so much. And so that I go into more detail in hip hop time capsule, the next chapter where I have all of my pictures with them And I tell personal stories about each of them. So you're gonna find some stories in this one, but in the next book it's a more detailed story of our bond and the, the mutual respect and love that we have for each other.


As a matter of fact, when you see the pictures, you can tell that there's a real bond there. I talk about DMX and how he came on his birthday and what's his birthday? And he was sipping some Hennessy. Oh, that was that day? Yeah. And he, he, he came over, he said, auntie, anytime you hear my name, I want you to pray for me. And I said, that I would, anytime you hear my name, see my face. So I said, I will do that. So he left about an hour, about a half an hour later, I go down to lunch. DMX is down there by the hot dog stand. Yep. You want a hot dog? He's offering people hot dogs. And people were like, what? DMX was buying people hot dogs. So I knew, I remember now it happened that you were talking about That's when he got drunk.


Yeah, he was. And he ate up all the hot dog and he started throwing up. Yeah, He was to up. Okay. So, so I have great stories. I have some stories in here, but the main focus of this book is for people to document their own journey. You know, Emini here at a time when, you know, other people can lay claim to certain aspects of hip hop. I just want it to be documented what people have gone through, what it means to them. And you're gonna learn a whole lot about hip hop in, in the interim. So, Miss Anita, one of those people who reminds you that whatever, whatever you're doing, just be the best at it. That's right. Be the best at it. That's right, that's right. I love, you know what Dr. King said, even if you are a, a street sweeper, you know, be the best at it.


That's right. You know, do it. Do it right. Be proud of what you do. So when I was tired, I was looking for a purpose. I'm like, God, I, I need something to focus on. And it was that experience at the hip hop 50th anniversary. And it came to me like that, that all of those people, those hundreds of thousands of people sitting in those seats have a story That's right. Of why they are there. And so hip hop time capsules will document your personal journey. That was the, that was the impetus to do the book. Now you have a, a, a strong bond with a comedian that people might not know. Oh. Doesn't really have a big name. Real local.


Why is you playing Dun Rollins? Yeah. Why you playing lamb like that? You know who that is? Yes, I do know who, I didn't know who that was. Don. I love Darnell. Now you went To Donne's Lake, he took you to the lake and all that. Darnell Took me to the lake. He flew me out. That's, He flew Me out twice. Okay. Donne. He invited me to go to Darnell Land And I think that was in August. I'm not, I can't remember right off the top of my head. Put me in the best hotel. It was a wonderful experience. So much love, people of all ethnic backgrounds, just loving each other, having the most awesome time.


Wow. That's great. Then he flew me back out again for the 4th of July. Then I'm hanging around with, with Dave Chappelle and his wife Elaine. I know that's right. With Common. And it was just beautiful at, he just shows me so much love. He had a car sent for me to go to his comedy show in New Jersey. Was actual car service or an Uber? It was, it was actual car service. Okay. That matters. Just make Sure he used to play about me. You know what I'm saying about you? Was he funny? Was he funny? He was hysterical. Absolutely hysterical. We gonna say nobody ever, and I'm not just saying that because I love him.


He was hysterical. Okay. He's a funny guy. He is hysterical. That's a bit Much. You gotta give it to him. So, yeah. I love Darnell. He, he, you know, he took me away from YouTube and said, come on. And I felt like a celebrity again. You know what I'm saying? It just felt so good. Is he In the book at all? Oh heck yeah. Okay. Definitely. So are you trying to make you envy? And so are you Jan? Of course you're in the book. Of course. Thank you. Yes. And my son over there is in the book too. Absolutely. I couldn't tell my iHeart story without you guys. Aw, how could I do that? So Emini here. Holy cow. I'm on the breakfast.


Yeah, Well tell 'em where they can get the book. Hip hop time capsule. That's Right. Hip hop time capsule document your personal journey. It's gonna be on Amazon this Friday And I hope you'll all go out and get a copy. It'll make a great Christmas gift. Yes, ma'am. And like I said, me and my brother dj, we put this together and we hope you enjoy it. We Gotta send one to Will Smith for you. You too. Absolutely. Yes. I'm gonna make a bunch of copies and make sure that everybody gets it, because a lot, a lot of celebrities named in this book And I want them all to have copies, so I'm gonna work that out Nice. As soon as I can. Oh, All. Well, Ms. Lee, that we appreciate you for joining us. Yes. Thank happy Holidays So much for having me. Happy Holiday to you all And I love you all.


Thank you Mama. Bless you all. And thank you again. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. You got a positive Note. Listen, the positive note is simply this man. I want you to remember this, this weekend. The only limits you have are the limits You believe you have. Breakfast Club bitches. Do Y'all finish or y'all done?


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features, pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today, available in select locations. See app for details.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.