
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and stand in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Solaris. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. And we got some special guests with us this morning. We have Angela Rye and Tiffany Cross here and we're gonna talk the debate. So before we get started, what did you guys think about the debate last night? Ooh, I was so happy with Kamala Harris per Harris's performance. In part because her non-verbals were on point. Yes. I felt like every time she couldn't verbally respond to him, who I think probably talked over her three to one. Absolutely did not follow the rules. I was super frustrated with the moderators who did not enforce the rules against Donald Trump.


And then the moment she tried to tap in And, I was mad about that too. That was Nuts. Yeah. So I really didn't like that. But I will say, I believe Lindsay Davis did a great job. Their questions were substantive. I hated David Muir bringing back up the, you said she wasn't black. I just thought it wasn't the right stage That Yeah. I noticed that this morning during front page news when Morgan was playing some of the audio, you were getting frustrated at that time. You were upset. Yeah. Yeah. And I think part of it is this e. Every time that we bring up Donald Trump, I think that we have an obligation to say what is fact versus fiction? And. I just want to be very careful that just because he talked more, just because when he's at the bully pulpit, he says a lot of things. It doesn't make it so, so I think we have an obligation. It's very dangerous.


I'm someone who's been on the other end of a death threat, like because of Donald Trump. So you gotta fact check that stuff. It's not okay to just play it and let people think, whatever they may. Now you have the responsibility. Republicans were saying it was a three verse one. What? What did you guys feel about that? No, I mean, Republicans are gonna come out and say anything. He has such a low bar. And. I. Just because it was brought up. I just wanna do a little fact checking about the eating dogs comment. It was an incredibly racist comment by Senator JD Vance and also inaccurate. The Haitian population has, it's been an influx of the Haitian population in Springfield. They actually breathe life back into that very sleepy town. They've revitalized the economy there. They're not here illegally, they're not in Springfield illegally. They're here under something called TPS Temporary protected status because of the earthquake that happened in Haiti and all kind of political turmoil.


Stock bae to all the Haitians out there, because the, the, the country of Haiti is so important. It was the only country that led a revolt. They said, we will not be colonized. And I think it just means something so much to black people. So to insinuate something completely false and racist and it, it traffics in tropes about the Haitian population. I thought it was disgusting. And I didn't even think that moderators did a great fact check there. Yeah. Back to Vice President Harris. It Was disgusting. But it was great to hear him say on the stage last night. 'cause he sounded insane. He that You know, so We were You wanted him to sound insane. Yes. Angela And I. We were kind of disagreeing about that. 'cause she was like, no, let her talk And. I was like, You know what? Every time he opens his mouth, yes, it helps her. But it, it is very American to have this incredibly accomplished woman on stage, on equal footing to this half assed halfwit, asinine man who got not one, not two, but three baby mamas who is an indicted criminal.


An unnamed co-conspirator in, in a crime. Right. So it just looked disproportionate. You know he looked incredibly small and beneath her. The sad fact is we've always known that and 75 million Americans voted for him. And I don't think he moved anybody from his base last night because there are a great group of people who would rather see this country burn to the ground than to see a black woman run it. It was a clear choice last night. It was great to not, Angela, I also disagree on the audience. I'm happy there's no audience there. This is your chance to give your platform presented to the American people and let the American people make an intelligent choice. It's not a pep. I don't wanna hear Cheers. Cheer not that. Anything like that. I agree.


Yeah. So I I felt like a sorority party. Right. But that would would've, That would've been, that would've benefited Trump. Exactly. I don't think so. Absolutely. I don't think so. I think that, I think that we misunderstand how much Kamala Harris also feeds off of audience energy. You see some of that at the rallies. I, it, I think it was fine. Like I thought it was gonna be more before the debate. We talked about it on our podcast Native Land pod by the way. But what I feel is that she zone like she zoned in, she talked right to the American people. It really was of no consequence. As she demonstrated the difference between what a leader is and what a full leader looks. Ask question. You would, you would've done different If. you were her. Sorry, I was gonna ask one question. The fact that he did not have a plan ready and he's been, he has a Concept of that concept plan.


Have a plan, leave him alone. What did, what did you guys think about that? Where You know Kamala Harris said she had a plan. Yeah. And he says, I have a concept of a plan. He does have a plan. He tries to distance himself from project 2025. But the fact of the matter is hundreds of his staffers work on it. Hundreds of his staffers drafted it. And he is closely affiliated with the, these are people he still talks to on a regular basis. He only distanced himself after it was unearthed after people in the media started talking about it. But trust me, if if his staff is writing it, he's guiding their hand. So he has a plan and also he has a record to stand on. I thought Kamala Harris did a vice president Harris did a great job of laying that out last night of, of detailing the things that he did during his four years and the administration.


That is also part of the reason, just to echo Angela's point, when we present facts and information as journalists, you have to in real time fact check everything this man says. 'cause the sad reality, people are not reading the papers anymore. No, people are not consuming news and information. So many people are getting their news from TikTok and Instagram. And I would just beg everybody have some intellectual curiosity. She put her policy platform up on her website. You can read it, you can go to her website and see it. You can also Google it from reputable news sources and look at it and see how it impacts you and what it does for you. And not hear things that are disproportionately in his favor. I think the news media is just begging him to get back in office. He, He spoke about Project 2025 last night, the way he did Charlottesville.


'cause he said that there's probably some good, he said, I've never read it, but there's probably some good things in there and there's probably some bad things in there. That's exactly he did. And that's the thing too that I think we all have to remember. I wish that she would've hit him. I told Tiffany, Andrew this last night on the show, that I wish that she would've hit him when he said, I have a concept of a plan to say, oh no, you have a plan. It's called Project 2025. And put that right at his feet. I think him taking time to say her and she, and never looking at her, never saying Kamala Harris, never saying Vice President Harris or Madame Vice president was very telling And I think that was probably the only thing that he won out of his debate. Prep to dehumanize her. And I. Think he went above and beyond to do just that yesterday. What about the very beginning when she walked on stage, very, very in shape.


She looked very presidential. She did. She looked very, I'm gonna come shake head. She pressed him and she, he looked like he was running. She Didn't run up or done up. It was on site. What Was your thoughts on that she looked like to gimme A hug person? Well, If you remember back when he was on stage with Hillary Clinton, he was incredibly inappropriate. He was invading her space. He was walking behind her. I think it was great that she commanded the stage. She showed she's an adult. One of the things we talked about last night is she is not only on that debate stage speaking to him, the moderators are the American people. She is on a global stage speaking to other world leaders. And so she has to present herself like an adult in the face of a petulant child. And I thought going out there saying, let's have a good debate. And going back to her stage, he was afraid to approach her. He was afraid to look at her.


I think he has a, a fear of black women. And I've talked about him 'cause he's talked about how attractive she looked on the cover of Time magazine. He said, oh, I thought she was younger. Turns out she's 60. We age a little different as black women as he'll find out. He just in Inc. Invoked a war with every AKA across the town talking about she was at a sorority party. So I think thought that she made herself look extremely presidential and he looked fearful and small. Let's Go the close. Let's take calls when we come back. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you have questions for Angela Ride? Tiffany Cross. They are here. Let's discuss this. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And we have Angela Rod and Tiffany Cross in. A lot of people on the line wanna talk about the debate, so yay. Let's go to the phone call. Hello, who's this? Yo, this is Robbie man from Columbus, Ohio. Robbie from Ohio. What's your question, brother? My question is, I want to know what is the process of the debate? Like how do they get these people together to sit down and have these conversations like this where in my opinion, very little of what they going to do for the country is spoken of. It's more of like, of a going back and forth Pitt for battle type of deal.


I do agree with some People said agree with that. They felt like it wasn't enough policy conversations. I think, I Think Kamala spoke to the future, The plan. I, I think that she did talk about an immigration and border security plan. She talked about her plan to codify Roe versus Wade and how important it's to strengthen the protections in Roe versus Wade. She talked About opportunity economy Trade. She, she did talk about opportunity economy. She talked about her small business agenda and the importance of small businesses to the fabric of this country. Home ownership, Homeownership ownership. She talked to homeowner. I mean she taught, she Gave numbers. She, she gave a lot numbers, gave Detailed policy plans. And this goes back to our point, right about running those Donald Trip Trump, those Donald trip clubs. Yes, that too.


Donald Trump clips. When you run those clips, you don't hear substance. You hear a rambling elder. And that's not who Kamala Harris should be judged by. 'cause that's not what she spoke to. So I actually think it's very different. What you don't have in a debate is the ability to force someone to answer the question as asked. Right? He was asked substantive questions. He chose to wallow in the shallow, which that's all he can do. And to answer your question, there's a debate commission that works with, with both candidates. You have to reach a certain stature or numbers as a candidate 15 to participate 15, 15%. And they work with both candidate and they agree on the rules and they also both agree on the network. To Eric, We have Eric on the line.


Eric, good morning. Good morning. Good morning everybody. Peace. Eric. Morning. What's your question? Oh, my question. Well, that's how y'all gonna have a real conversation, Jason, about the debate last night. I think we having one now. What's up Eric? What you got to say? Get it? No, what I mean by that, I know most of everybody on there is a commonwealth supporter, but I watched the debate. And I felt that they both had their moment. I didn't see Donald Trump laying nothing. Last What moment? Wait, wait, wait, wait. Back Up. Can you back up from the phone a little bit?


See what's his moment? What you mean? What was his moment? I'm asking what was the moment? What did he land? You Just said he had a moment. What was his moment? Hold up. What did you like that Donald Trump said, bro, when He was in office, was there, was there war in Ukraine? No. Alright. So did he he was telling the Trump on that. What? That's fine. There was no war in Ukraine because Putin had not tried to annex Crimea at that point. That has nothing to do with the president of the United States. Right, but but Trump was saying that would, that's why Trump was saying he never, he, he Trump said he always wanted to go in Ukraine, but he knew better because he was in office. So you're suggesting that that Putin bowed down to Trump?


No, I'm not saying he bowed down. But there wasn't no war though. Okay. Biden came in, there was a war. So are you suggesting that the war is Biden's fault? No, he's just saying that. No, That's not what I'm saying. You're saying The World perceives us as weak because of Biden and because of Harris. That's why they decided to go into Ukraine. Is that what he said? Trump, Trump, Trump. That's what I'm saying. Okay. What you saying? Saying? I'm trying to get to the point that Donald Trump had a moment specifically at the debate too. Yeah, Go ahead bro. He had, he had his moments because some of the stuff that he did, he was telling the truth. Like what specifically? Eric? What policy Specifically? Eric, this ain't working out for you buddy.


Nah, we tried to give you a platform to say something. But you don't seem like You know what you're talking about, brother. You letting MAGA down Eric. Yeah, You definitely let MAGA down. Hello, who's this? This is Chelsea. Hey Chelsea. Good morning. You off your chest. Hello. Morning envy. Good morning Strongman. Good morning, peace. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. I was Tiffany Cr ride here too? Yes. Okay. Okay, go ahead Chelsea. I was just calling after listening to the bait last night and watching it and seeing Trump say that women are getting abortions in the ninth, 10th month after they have a child asking the doctor to kill it. As a mother, myself and a woman, I was just insulted.


That's understandable. You should be insulted. And I. Hope you take that insult to the ballot box to show just how insulted you are. Bring some of your friends too. For sure. I will, for sure. All right. I think they said that he, the vice president raised $6 million within the last hour of the debate and 71% of the donors were women or something like that. I thought I read that. So In closing, how did you feel about the debate? What do you think could have been better? What do you think that Kamala Harris could have did better? What do you, what did you wanna see more of? I'm somebody that believes in getting in in someone's head. And Donald Trump has shown what he, what you can get in his head about the size of his rallies and talking. So she, there were a couple moments where he was like, quiet please. And when he said, quiet please. We couldn't hear her, but he could hear her.


So I wish that she would've spoke to it spoke a lot more when he was saying like, you're lying. You know you're lying. Just to get in his head. I, but I think she really had a flawless performance. I, again, I would've liked to see the moderators enforce the rules a little more fairly and for him to shut up. But that's a tall order. Tiffany, I would've liked the debate moderators to enforce the rules a lot more strongly than they did And I would've liked her to get some more zingers in. I think there were times where there were good times where she was telling a narrative, which I thought was great, but there were times where he would say something and she could just right off the top You know, say something. I think Angela And I talk about this. I keep a bullet in the chamber, so I'm always ready to go with some slick ass like insulting comment And I, every time she was saying something I wanted to just jump in and say something smart.


Because like I said, or like Angela said, that would throw him off his game. But, but, but overall she, she did a, a great job of pertaining to The American. She did. And there was times like when he said that You know y'all did nothing for student loan debt. I was like, why didn't she just correct him? Yes. Why didn't she just say No, we did, we gave this amount of bill. She probably has So much to correct him on. It was like, I, I gotta correct him on everything. There was one time when they asked about policy and she had to go back. That shouldn't have been her job moderator. They fact checked him I think three times. Three Times. Yeah. It was the course. And I. Wanna to ask y'all too, how do y'all think cable news should be handling it? 'cause I think everybody on cable news should be talking about how Donald Trump just might be retarded today. No, Don't Say promise. I promise you, you can do this. Mind another word.


They, what they should be saying is that this is someone who has a treacherous relationship with the truth. And he demonstrated that's much by Phil. That's much treacherous relationship with the truth is far better than what you just said. That's 'cause his you might Beard. He can't say say treacherous relationship. You say it say treacherous relationship with the truth that's gonna be And what did, what did y'all feel about what she kept saying, I have a plan. Like I have a plan. I have a plan. People were, were were going at that as well last night. I said, said why She broke her plan. She, No, I guess what she was saying in the speech, it was, they were saying it was reminisce of I have a dream, I have a plan. Did y'all hit? I didn't even make that. Put that together. No. You know. What she did say is we are not going back. And she invited people in to participate with her. So for the folks who said they did not know Kamala Harris yet, there was a poll that said 48%.


I think folks got to see a different side of her. And. I thought it was a good one. Absolutely. All right, well thank you guys for joining us And make sure you subscribe to the Native Land Podcast. Native Lamb Pod. You should know that. Or the Native Lamb Pod with Angela Ride. Tiffany Cross and Andrew Gillum on Reason Choice Media iHeart. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People Are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture.


Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke In California during the summer of 1975. Within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Renee Stubbs and I'm obsessed with sports, especially tennis. Tune into my podcast each week to hear me and my friends in the community break down the latest matches, including the US Open Plus hear from some of the biggest names in the sport about what the future holds. It's about belief. And once you break through that, then You know you can win a Grand Slam. Listen to the Renee Stubbs Tennis podcast every Monday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Presented By Elf Beauty, founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports. Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that?


That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals.


You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.