
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance, this is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global, Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Severance season two is coming to Apple tv. Plus What you All did five months ago is one of the most painful moments in the history of this company. Our message got out, we're famous, all of us equally, or one of us is like the star. What did you see? My Audi's wife is Ms. Casey. So if you wouldn't find out what happened to her, oh, she's still alive. I wanna see my wife. We should have left Severance. New season streaming January 17th, only on Apple TV Plus.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con,


Do you want a shortcut to the best version of you, here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline transformational, the best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome one and all to The Professional Homegirl podcast. Before we begin today's episode, we wanna remind you that the views and opinions expressed on this podcast are those of the hosts and guests, and are intended for educational and entertaining purposes in this safe space. No question is off limits because you never know how someone's storyline can be your lifeline. The Professional Homegirl Podcast is here to celebrate the diverse voices, stories, and experiences of women of color, providing a platform for authentic and empowering conversations. There will be some key king, some tears, but most importantly a reminder that tough times don't last. But professional homegirls do enjoy the show.


Hey, professional Home girls, It's your girl eOne here and welcome back to The Professional Homegirl Podcast. Now, before we dive into this week's episode, I want to give a huge shout out to all of our new listeners joining us. Hey girl. Hey, what's up boo? Since you are new here, even though all of my guests are anonymous, if you are interested in learning more about them or you want to support them by purchasing their books, please shoot me an email at hello@thephdpodcast.com. Also, I am gearing up on my very first Turkey drive in Memphis.


Yes, the city where I was raised. And I would love for you all to help and support. If you are able to donate, please click the link in the show notes below. I am super excited to introduce a brand new series called PHG Unlock. Now in this series I'll be sitting down with some notable figures, celebrities and more, but with a twist. My guest gets to choose whether or not they want to conceal or reveal their identity. And yes child, we will be distorting their voices so there's no cheating. You don't wanna miss out on these exclusive conversations where we dive deep into their stories all while keeping you guessing who's really behind the voice.


Get ready to unlock some incredible stories only here on The Professional Homegirl podcast. Now in this PHG unlock episode, we dive into the dynamic world of the nineties r and b spotlighting a group that made waves with their unique blend of soulful harmonies and unmistakable style, known for their unforgettable hit, exploring love, loyalty and heartbreak. These ladies redefined the sound of the era, leaving a lasting mark on the music scene. They were fierce, they were real, and their voices resonated with listeners across The World. Together we revisit the memories, the music, and we dig into the untold story behind their success and why they parted ways.


Will our guests conceal or reveal their identity? Get ready for an unforgettable conversation with this legendary r and b trio. Because we're a nineties girl group starts now. All right, so my guest, thank you all so much for being on the show. How y'all doing? How y'all feeling? You're doing great. Thank you for having us. Yes, yes y'all, I'm super excited to have my guests on because we are with some legends. So once again, thank you all for being on the show and let's start from the very beginning. Yeah. So why do you think the nineties holds such a special place in people hearts, especially when it comes to music? I feel this, I feel that it holds a a good place because I feel that way because I think, you know what, a lot of music in the nineties was very authentic and live like when I say live and authentic Emini here, people were recording without like a lot of reverb, you know?


So you could really hear the people voices. And a lot of stuff is like kind of like now it's like more, you can hear a lot of rer rer meaning like you can hear like autotune autotune. You can hear a lot of that in the music. So just for people who don't know what Emini here, by that it's like autotune where you can actually help to sing. I'm not knocking you but nineties. That's why I hold a place your heart because you hear every artist and you can tell who it is because it's their real voices live. Yes. And also in addition to that, you had variety of artists, you had groups, you had different girl groups, you had different male groups. Even the rap, you had different sounds of rap, you have a lot of different genres.


Everything didn't sound so much alike even though it's some good music now, but you had different types of groups with different genres, you know? And so, And I think because of that realness that gave it that, that different genre, that different ity to the, to that era, it was a good a feel good era. I Feel like we, it feel good era. Yes. I feel like when y'all hear the music now, y'all probably be like, what the hell? Some Of it, not all of it of it. I'm I'm it I some of it because some of it sound alike be like, now who is this person? It's like hear the same sound. It's not a lot of, you know, uniqueness to be real and you know, and honestly music, you know, it's a form of copy.


You know, you do copycat people, you know it is, it's not like it's abnormal, but when it's done and you are not using your voice, it's one thing to like a artist. But if you gonna copy him, you still should come in your own authentic voice. Yeah. But we can understand how you, what what you bring to the table instead you taking over somebody's hard work. Like artists from the nineties, we work really hard like seventies artists, they work really hard to be unique, to do what they love. So when you hear their music and nineties music, that's why you feel that whole energy of uniqueness and and you Right, the new music, I be like, hmm, there's some people that got it right though. Nah, I know.


You be like girl, what is that? Right. And you know what, also we had artist development too. There was artist development too back then. Yeah. And that's a, that's thing I think that hurts a lot with a lot of people. You know, the artist development is, it lacks, people think they can be a YouTube star that quick and they are making they money from it or a TikTok star, whatever you wanna call it. Yeah. I feel like back in the day, like it was like a real bootcamp. Like they wasn't playing, y'all wasn't playing no games. Straight bootcamp. Yeah. So what was it like being a part of the nineties r and b scene? It was bomb because we didn't have phones back then and we also, you know, we got to really get intimate with the people, the different artists that we was connected with.


If we was doing like a tour, any type of thing we was involved in, you got to really connect better. Yeah. I think in the nineties you got to really know the artists and you know, the scene was hot, it was dope. And you know what, I think people really got loose a lot because we didn't have like people recording us. It was like a private, you know, a private little, I don't wanna say like a private sorority or a fraternity, but like it was that energy like you would nobody can be in your business. It was like everybody would stays like, you know, they say with stays in Vegas, whatever they say, what you do in Vegas stays in Vegas, whatever. Right. That's the kind of vibe it was for the nineties scene. Like you are really in the moment and getting connected with the people that you know, that you work with that you got the same love with.


And it was really fun too. It was like fun times people would, didn't have no high anxiety or you know, like just that energy where, you know, it was a lot of confidence in the air but it wasn't that energy like I'm better than you. It was like, we both about to top this stage tonight. You know, we would see people backstage. We were crossing cities, crossing states. We'll see Mary, we'll see, oh Josie little Kim. We would be passing each other like, hey, what's up y'all, how y'all doing? They'll be getting on the bus. We getting on a stage, they leaving the stage, we getting on. It was always, it was very carefree and fun. It wasn't no like no tension, you know, like some tension in the air.


True. And to add to that, I enjoyed the fact that when we used to be performing any artist, you people really stay back and like watch the other, you know, the other, you know, artists more supportive now it's like more supportive. Yeah. Yeah. More supportive Now it's hot. That's dope when you got the support. That's sex ways into my next question. How do you think the industry industry has changed since then? Well, I think a lot of people keep to themselves and, and who you know is who you know, it's like it's more clique-ish. Like even though it was cliques back in the time, but cliques knew cliques and they was, you interacted. But now more backstage, it's more like if you know somebody you'll see 'em. But people so now must be to with their own clique that came with them and stick in their own room.


So they kind of just be more private for whatever reason. Some reasons are good, some reasons are not to stay out of trouble. Right. Or you know, just they feeling they self either or, I don't know. But it seems a little bit more where everybody is kind of a little bit more distant. Yeah, yeah. A little bit more distant. I think A little bit more distant. And I think even like, like I say, like when, when I was, when you mentioned about the difference, you know the whole what you call it, like autotune energy, you know like, like we, I was talking about the autotune situation too. People were not, are not as authentic like we were back then in the nineties. The autotune, you don't really know who it is.


They everybody sound the sound and it's like, you know, and it's like who is this person? Like you don't even know. And like in the nineties, if you go and put a nineties that feel good music and you also can tell, oh that's such and such. Oh that's, you know the difference. You really do. I know I do. I definitely know the difference when I hear the nineties artists, I can hear the difference. I can hear the difference too. I can Emini here difference meaning, difference between like two different artists. You know that artist, you know that this is this artist Emini here And I I miss that. Yeah. And the thing about the new music, it's like you don't, you don't get that from that. You don't get that. It's like microwaveable people are like jumping in the game, getting that quick fix, getting them, everybody like, I wanna get the bag.


I'm getting that bag. You know, everybody talking about they gonna get that bag. But you know, we all want the bag too. But we, but we love what we do too. Right. And I also feel like back then in the nineties, like not only did we, we felt the emotion, but it was just, you could just feel it. Like you knew when somebody was happy. You knew when somebody was sad. You knew when somebody was up. Like I feel like the nineties nineties was just a time that you just had to be there. You know, we didn't have phones and Instagram and all that. So you didn't have no other distractions. You were able to be in the moment with that person. If you had something to say, you either had to wait, like say if we came out with a video, you wasn't gonna see any of footage beforehand.


You really had to wait till the video to see who was going to cop the blue lipstick first or you know, you So it wasn't a lot of distraction. Distraction or copycat. Like a lot of copycat too, you know, because you know people, you know you because lemme tell you something, once you shoot a video, you got your video going and you would be able to know who copied off of you because you didn't have, once it get dropped, you know that you did it first. Yep. Because you have to wait for it to come out too. You have to wait, you gotta wait for editing and all of that. Now y'all, our guests, they look, they look super good. Madly brown skin for the win. So being that the nineties was the golden era, who was trying to talk to y'all?


Oh, I think for me, I think on my end I had like comedians trying to highlight at me and like more on the comedian side and a couple of rappers. But no RB dudes was, was talking to me like that. Maybe because I had a little thug in me or something. I might have been too much for the RB cats. But more but more raping I think. More rapping and yeah, I feel like more rappers and and comedians on my end. Oh. And a couple of athletes. I think I did have a couple of athletes on me. Yeah. Start thinking about it. So wait, so name one comedian and one athlete and one rapper that was trying to talk to you that's current now. Well I wouldn't say their name 'cause they're married now Is somebody we know.


'cause because They're married now. Yeah. Y'all know 'em. They married now. So I wouldn't even like put them out there like that. But if they were single I would be, I would bust them out. But they're married, got a whole family, got a whole lot. Anybody single that was trying to talk to you? That's current now? No, everybody you know, like now you know Kat is older now. Everybody still me. Mary got their whole and if they're single I don dunno about it. Right, right. What about you? Some Rappers, it was a football player that was trying to get at me, but I don't even know his name. If I, if I could say it. I don't even know. I don't even remember him. Poor thing. I think he was with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers.


Somebody Didn't meet somebody from there. Tampa. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Shoot. We both had a football player from the Buccaneers. That's true. I don't re I really don't remember his name. I, I'll give you that. There was a guy from the Buccaneers and he's very incredible. He's a hall of famer, but he's married and got a whole family. All y'all, I'm gonna do my research And I get back to y'all and y'all know who it is. Right. Okay. I could tell you a singer that tried to get at me because I don't know what they doing in life and it's no disrespect because he's married or whatever, but I'm not checking for him. I wasn't checking for him then. And I'm not checking for him now. Right. Casey from Jodeci, Casey tried to get everybody know. Yeah. And he was with Mary at that time, so I was like, boy, please.


But even if he wasn't with her, right. Somebody from New Edition, I'm not gonna put, because I think he is married based off their show. Oh my. They, no, lemme trying guess but no, somebody from New Edition. Oh, I know who, No, not him. Okay. Oh, okay, okay, okay. I don't even know who you was gonna say, but you know, you know how you could tell when some people wanna get at you. They're not saying nothing but they're throwing like serious like Yeah. Hint and flirtatious Advances and stuff. I'm gonna jump with that. I'm not gonna say their name because I think, I think I, I'm the type of person that I don't really like people that's in the same field that I'm in.


Mm. Like meaning like since I'm in a rrb hip hop, I'm really more, I would choose more like an athlete type of person or a comedian. Somebody's not doing the same thing I'm doing. I I'm curious about other people's, you know, careers and journey they got going on. I don't want the same, I never want the same energy to keep it real with you. Right. They do the same thing I did. Yeah. Right. If you rapp and you song, I don't really check it for you like that. But if you a comedian or you a a athlete, I'm more intrigued by that Right now. How did y'all all meet? Like, were y'all friends before the group started or, because I, I wasn't sure if y'all met in high school or if y'all knew about each other in high school or Y'all met in college And I met in high school as cheerleader.


She was already on a cheerleading squad And I was trying to make the squad. So that's how we connected. And I was doing my dancing, doing my thing. And I needed another dancer. I was looking for another dancer and everybody was like, she was famous in high school, you know, she was popular so everybody knew she could Dance Was lit. Yeah. She was lit. And so when I was looking and asking around, they was like, oh, you know, you need to ask. And I already knew she had flavor and, and poise and style just from being a cheerleader. But we wasn't close. We just met each other. You know, we, we just knew of, we knew each other, but we didn't really get close though until, you know, after we start cheering and everything.


But I asked her if she wanted to dance and then she just locked in. She was like, yes. And her style matched my style. We was vibing with each other. And then we met in college, right? Yeah. In college. Mm. A couple years later. Do you? Because it was like just me and winter, me and me And I keep saying my daughter name. I love my daughter so much, so crazy. And, And I remind her of her daughter. I'm so, I'm like her daughter too. They they both, they both, they both muscle bound girls, you know, to college. So she was looking, she was looking, they was some guy that she knew that was a rapper was looking for some dancers. We thought we was like, you know, we, we gonna have like a whole audition for for a dancer. You know what I'm saying? Saying we was serious.


We was serious. Like, we gonna, we gonna go to this park, rent it out like Emini here. Just imagine we 17 years old having this energy talking about, you know, we gonna rent it out. We gonna have people come. And it's so funny that only one person and it was but we were serious. We were serious about that business. We were serious about it. Yeah. I, I knew y'all was serious when I was listening to your other interviews and just doing research. I'm like, you know, back then like the, the thought that y'all even had the, the mindset of like, let's do auditions. Like let's let's scout the next person so we could be official with that. Because I know dance played an intricate role into y'all music journey. It did definitely. Yes it did. We was like the type of group that, you know, go to different clubs and then that's another thing I don't, I don't really think they really get down.


Like we really dance and sweat and nobody, we cute, but we ain't trying to look cute all day. We are getting on the cipher floor. Like how rapper people see that on BET or like the Little Warrior show now. We been doing Cypher back in the days in the nineties and the Cypher was like dancing in the circle and dancing in the circle and everybody crowding around them. And that was the type of energy. So then that's, that led us to be able to do different videos with different hip hop artists. Unfortunately one of the, one of the queens that passed away just recently, her name is Boss. Gotta give her props. Yeah. Rest her soul. Rest in peace ball. She, she was a rapper passed away and she's incredible. We was at Mental Mondays Bell biv The Bow used to do these shows on Mondays at the Palladium.


Yeah. It's like for teens. The 18, 19 and 21. You know, it was that type of energy. So, you know, we was dancing, doing our thing. What we love And if I'm not mistaken, y'all were also backup up dancer for like a lot of well-known artists like Big Daddy, Kane, A MG, Chris, Chris and Play, not Kid, play, play, Play. You know, say Real Names. Right. I'm About to say their real names. Who that Silk. I was like a extra like a background person but was actually dancing in Silk. You was in Silk video. Yeah. Silk video of Happy Days. Happy Days Out here again. Oh Wow.


So if I'm not mistaken, y'all also have a good relationship with Ratima Ro Robinson who was a seasoned dancer. Yes. So how did she play a pivotal role in y'all career? Because I think it was something y'all was also trying to try out for Michael Jackson. Remember the Times video as well? Yeah. Screw did your homework on Listen. Yes. So it's funny, we talk about the story about that with Fatima. So in our, in our book that's coming out, it's called Unfinished Business. We talk about that, about story with Fatima. There was moments of Fatima that was great and there was moments that was not so great. Like she, she was, she was definitely about her business at a, at a young age as well.


We all used to dance and you know, so we talk about the story that happened with the Michael Jackson video. How it was like, you know, it was like back then, like we, there was cliques and we was talking about like different cliques. It was cliques. Like it was a lot of dancers trying out for this video. And we talk about how she picked certain people and people was telling us that, I don't know why y'all didn't get picked 'cause y'all, y'all really was killing it. Mm. But it was crazy because it was like, it was like a, was it a thousand people, thousand dancers? Try it out. But it was like we got called back out of our little cl and it was only 20 dance and they was narrowing it down. And so we talk about how we felt like, you know, and that's why I love our book that's coming out because we all felt a different kind of way, like me to keep 100.


I didn't feel, I didn't like how it went down. Oh, I know you wasn't messing with it. I like, I didn't like how, but now that I'm down, I see how it go. Like after I was in my feelings back then, but you know, now I'm older, I see it differently. It's a game. It's, you know, you people gonna pick who they roll with, right? And it's like, yeah that's back. It's like a cattle call. You have to have these many people. You already know who you're picking. That's how you used to be back in the days when you, when you did like auditions back in the days. So Fatima wasn't doing nothing no different than the next cat was doing. Right. Like as far as having like a gang of people. 'cause you gotta do it for Michael Jackson. You gotta show that you had people out there trying out, but you already know in your head who you want.


That's something we didn't know until after the fact. Or at least me. Exactly. For me, I didn't know that till after the fact. So my thing was Emini here, I really wanted to be in that video, but it didn't happen. We did other videos, you know what Emini here, right? It wasn't Michael Jackson, but we did other stuff and Fatima was the one who got us the other stuff too, you know. But we didn't, we didn't get that one. But you know what, she blessed us after that. She might, maybe her conscious, I don't know if her conscious bothered her or what, so I know I wasn't really feeling her the same. But she did come through after that. Maybe she got a conscience or something because she, she the one put us in Big Daddy Kane video, this group called Good Girl. They was called The Good Girls or something like that.


S that called Go Good to Go. Good to go. Yeah. Did y'all ever have a conversation with No I have it. I think my energy gave her a conversation. I think after the fact. I, I let it go. 'cause Emini here, she did come through later on after that. Right. I say if I'm being outta office was turned off back then with that situs scenario. 'cause we didn't know what was going on at then. We didn't know that people would be rolling that hard like that and would have you working your butt off dancing. And then not to get picked, but you know, we, as time went on, we realized, you know, as you get older and understand how the game worked, you ain't tripping about it no more. But it, but it was a, I was in my feelings back then.


Definitely


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


It Is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment. But a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms Inc.


Inside you two wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other courage, wisdom and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders, and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good wolf. This podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, our Mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will Space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer. And you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is what he's doing. How are you too? Hello my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Real Know really sir, bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mendel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening really. No really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called Really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout? Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people you know, follow and admire, join me every week for Post Run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Now, do y'all feel like y'all always destined to be in a group? And the reason why I asked because y'all have so much in common And I feel like when I was reading more about your story, I feel like everything was like lining up for y'all. Do y'all feel like that too? Yes, we do. Yeah, we do. I think when we had started off we were, we was, our goal was honestly to just be these gray dancers and touring all over The World. We just, that's, that was really what we wanted to do. Just be these great dancers and choreograph different groups and and tour. That was our like initial type of energy. But when we was doing our thing and would be performing at different showcase, like back then it was like major showcases and you'll see people like Mariah Carey, Jamie Fox, you see them like Jamie Fox wasn't even singing, he was just doing this comedy stuff.


Was he? No, he was singing, he wasn't even comedy. Huh? We, we'd be at these different, like Emini here, it's so beautiful to see people from back in the days and where they are now. But we used to do these popular 'cause we from Cali. We from Cali. So Cali got all the energy, everybody being in Hollywood, you know, doing they thing. And you know, we would win every time as dancers behind these rap. So we were in line like that. You know what Emini here we was just, we just did what we love and people noticed that you guys should be more than hard bodies in the back dancing. Yeah. It's like we were outshining the main artists with our dancing, right? So we would always get people from behind the stage or just even people from the audience like, you guys did so good, y'all not a group, or y'all should become a group or what's the name of your group?


And that got us thinking like, you know, we start seeing ourselves different but yet still we were dancers until someone actually really approached us. Like, you guys need a name. You know, we were just going off of our real names, but we needed a group name. And once we had that group name and we still was dancing, doing our thing, then we got approached to be a group. Like you guys should be a group. So we, it was destined for us to come together and do what we did because it happened, right? And it felt good while it was happening. And we do have a lot of similarities and we were aligned to meet each other at the times that we did to do what we were supposed to do.


Which is a beautiful thing, right? So yes they do. And I also feel like because you have a background in dance, it also made you more versatile when it came to performing compared to your other r and b counterparts. Do you feel like that as well? Oh yes, definitely. Yes. I feel like I was the Sierra back now. Sierra's so dope. I love her dancing. I I was that Sierra back then, you know what I'm saying? Like that energy Sierra brings period. Yes. Now were there any girl groups at the time that inspired y'all when y'all were first starting out? For me, I would say salt and pepper. Yes, salt and pepper was the only one for me. Yeah. 'cause it wasn't a lot of girl groups, it was more like individuals.


Like I love Janet Jackson, you know, she was not in the group but salt and pepper for sure baby. That girl was serious about that. But in groups like salt and pepper, what other groups? What, you know what Emini here? Did y'all come out before a lot of the other groups? Like was it, I thought it was like y'all did wv then TLC came out before us Tlc. Right? Y'all right. They came out before us. But Emini here, I think salt and pepper were aligned even though they were a good group. But we were more aligned with more like with the salt and pepper. B, b, d energy. Yes. 'cause see we, it's two, two rappers and one singer Right. In our group. And so a lot of times that's stuff that we had to, like when we perform, people saw us live.


We kind of had like maybe few Fuji Synergy. We were behind the scenes coming out. Like we was working in the studio. They just came out before us. We didn't have a deal yet. They were out. But we already, our concept who we were as people. So no, they couldn't, nobody, they didn't inspire us like that because we already was crying doing like, we didn't look up to them. It was kind of like we side by side with y'all. Right. So they were great groups and we liked them, but it, they wasn't a group like, oh we wanna be like them later on in life. It was kind of, it was just a couple of years ahead of us. Right, right. You know, because they got their deal earlier or whatever the case may be. So it would be older groups we would look at, we was making noise in our neighborhood before we had even got our deal.


We had another, like an independent deal. So we was making our own noise in our little town in Cali, in Inglewood and la you know. But we wasn't, we wasn't signed to an actual record deal like they were. So when you say looking up, I will only say probably salt and pepper. Right? Did y'all ever feel pressure to fit in a certain image or sound because y'all were women in the industry? Like, did they ever try to make y'all conform to a certain way? Because I feel like when I was looking back at y'all videos Yeah. And just, y'all sound like y'all were fly. Like y'all was like, they're around the way girls like even now, like did y'all ever feel like they had to conform in a certain sense? For me? We, we came as we who we were, we brought who we were to the table.


And to be honest, no disrespect to none of the ladies that was doing like little Kim's the way she was talking and stuff, that was us. Right. We did that all the time. We got people trying to have us tone that down. So it was pressure from like our record company, you know, the people who was involved like, oh, you saying that? Or why are you saying this? And even at that time, radio stations wasn't as open as they are now. It's, it's out of control now. But like some of our songs didn't get like, whose mind didn't get played on KJLA talk, just like Sexy ads. But they wasn't playing your music at that time. So Art Breaker label was trying to, they was trying to make us be like these r and b di divas singers and that wasn't who we were.


Yeah. That's not who we were. So we used to constantly have like a battle with that because we were raptures and we, we did rap and singing real. We kept who we were. But we used to battle all the time. That was, that was the difficult part I tell you. So was the pressure of us. They not allowing us to be ourselves. Truly. I think like how we came, how we auditioned, we rap and sing and we wore what we wore. We dress how we dress, said what we said, you know, they was trying to tone us down and make us be an RB group. Right. You know, and we had to fight for that. And so it's not that we was hood and ghetto, we just was like from the inner city talking about inner city energy. You know, we still, you ain't never seen us look like hood bras.


It wasn't Hood Brass that they used to call it back then. We wasn't. No. They still called that now. Hoochies Hoochies. Remember they hoochie girls. So wait, how do y'all feel about the reception that Sexy Bread has been receiving? Honey don't get me on her. I'm sorry. I'm not a fan. I don know. I don't really know her music. I'm not a fan. What I see is, you know, it's like, it's like the ratchetness is cool because it's a little bit in every woman I think. You know, or, but it's, it's a time. You gotta have some boundaries. It's just, it's just too much. It's, it's too much. Like it's just too much. Mm. I wouldn't want my little girl like listening to her music.


You know what Emini here, you gotta be a full fledged grown woman listening to her music and you know, I haven't, I've heard of her through other people and I'm just now literally like, no lie like two weeks ago, just saw her in the video 'cause she with some other girl that I do like, you know what? Emini here. So I'm just now really seeing her for myself. Illa. But I'm not, I'm not a big fan. Mm. But good luck. Good, good, good for what you're doing. I like, I feel like the girls need to put they clothes on. Even even a guy I don, I don't want you, I don't want a guy who just clothes off either. Either or. I want you, I wanna see your talent. Like I feel that people can show their talent by putting more clothes on and stop being naked. I don't like that energy like too much.


Many people wanna be so naked and it takes away from your skill. You might be a dope ass artist, but it's taken away from me. 'cause you're, 'cause you're showing all your ass, excuse me for my language, but that's, you're showing all the ass and there's no mystery. Like if one person is bringing that that hood energy, then the next person wanna be, I'm gonna go lower than you. I wanna be more hood than you. I wanna, now it starts, it starts falling off and it's like hood, hood, hood, hood, gutter, savage, gutter. And it's, it's just getting worse. It's not even cute no more. You know what Emini here, it's like you now you making it look bad. You making ratchet look horrible. You giving it, you making the ladies look horrible. Like I don't like it. You know, have some type of class demeanor about yourself.


It's, it's getting outta control to me. And I, I think she's taking it to the level like I'm gonna be the most ratchet, hooded, stifling most ever. And I'm gonna sell that. I'm gonna capitalize off of it. If always gonna be somebody that like you like what you're doing, there's always gonna be somebody that don't like what you do. That's what I had to learn too. In the industry. We can't please everybody. Right. We had people that really love our song. We had people that really couldn't stand us for our song, you know, but we know we struck a core whether you loved it or not, you know, like, oh girl struck a chord with me. You went too far with it. So that's not my vibe. That's not, I'm not into it all the way like that. You know what Emini here, it's not Your, it's not your cup of tea. It's not your taste.


Yeah, yeah Exactly. But I can get with some stuff but that's just too, that's a little too far. Right, right. Like I don't mind it sexiness. Like I don't mind people having fun with their bodies. I think it's beautiful to show your body but it's, it's just the way to taste some of it. Be real taste. Like I know I have fun showing my body. I don't wanna act like I'm an old chick that don't respect people having fun with their body. 'cause I'm not that. I think it's dope to be able to show your, figure your body and, and look good and do your thing. But when it comes, when you, you know, when you like she's over, she's a little over the top. But like, but like said some people gonna love you and you gotta do you, you gotta do as long as she, my thing is as long as she being true to any artist as long you being really authentic to yourself or 'cause a lot of these, lot of the behind the scenes stuff with, with you and other people don't know.


They have people in their ear telling them you gotta do this, you gotta do that. Right. If she's our and she's really being her true to herself, that's all good. But if you not, 'cause a lot of, a lot of men be behind these girls telling them to look a certain way and it's not, it's not respect. It's not a woman telling another woman you know how to get your thing. You know how to do your thing. It's usually a man behind them telling them to look inappropriate like that. Because There have been a lot of female artists that came out and said that either a man wrote they lyrics, a man told 'em how to dress or a man did this, a man did that. So I definitely agree that if this is her, I hope this is just her doing her. Exactly. Yeah. I'm one of those people that love, I like writers 'cause I'm a songwriter.


I like go that write like I like Nikki. I don't mind her being sexy because that girl getting right. She's talented. I'm a barb to Yeah. Yeah. She's tight. So for me it's no dis to other people. I'm attracted to songwriters Now, one of the things that I loved about y'all story is because not only did y'all have a growing music career, but y'all was also in college. Y'all was working nine to fives. So how was it balancing everything Hard as hell? That's a good question. We just did it. Yeah. And it was a lot. But we just, I don't know like looking back it was like damn I did all that. You don't even realize you was juggling all that like at the time. Right. You just making it happen.


Just going with the flow. Just doing it. Just doing like, like you said, just doing it. I think for us it's like, you know what? I think pills to this day, you can do anything you put your mind to. But I think one of the problems, And I keep, I'm gonna keep saying this probably throughout the whole conversation when you have internet, social media, see we didn't have all those distractions. We was focused, you know, we was very focused. There was no distraction. It was about where our mind was connected to what we wanted to do. Oh I'm, I'm graduating. Oh I'm gonna be an artist, I'm gonna do this. I like it. It was not, it was a lot but it's like you enjoyed it 'cause you want, you had a goal and you have like distractions.


Yeah, yeah. You right. You right. And then y'all also mentioned the importance of having passion in your art. Why do you believe that money shouldn't be the primary motivation? Because I feel like when I listen to a lot of people from the nineties, everybody's talking about how they got robbed outta their contracts and stuff. Yeah. It goes back to I was saying about how how loud things is more microwaveable and it's nice for them to get they coin and they money they bag. It's good that they getting they money. But people in the nineties and seventies, no we wasn't getting a coin like that. Right. So if you didn't like it like that 'cause you're not getting paid like that. It had to be from your passion because the money wasn't coming. Like how they money come now. So that's why you get those real authentic artists from the nineties and that feel good music.


We really was, you know, authentic And it was like, it wasn't about the money even though we wanted the money and earned later that it was not right what was happening. But we was very passion. That's what kept us going. The passion. Yeah. I was gonna say with the passion you could regain and get more money. You know. 'cause sometimes it could be here today, gone tomorrow or you if you had the money and it's gone then that might mentally mess with you and send you down a, a spiraling path of negativity or drugs or sex or whatever. That could happen. Right. But if you have the passion for it, you know that if I got it before I can do it again. You can choose other avenues or the venues with that passion.


So I think that's why having passion is so important. 'cause you can recreate or create something else. Let me hit y'all with this one though. Not just passion but the spiritual. We had a very spiritual connection with, you know, our own, you know with our own spiritual connection with God. And that has a lot to do with a lot of people commit suicide. They drink or they get drug. They get messed up with drugs because you know you have a spiritual foundation and ours was pretty tight. Mm. We communicated with each other. It's you gotta, it's and then I and Emini here you gotta have, it's a deep foundation. You gotta have with with God for real. The man above, you gotta have a spiritual connection. 'cause this, this music business would tear your butt down.


That's so funny you mentioned that 'cause it was a clip, a viral clip of Jermaine Dupree going around and he was just saying a lot of reason why these r and b singers don't sound like any, not not, don't sound like anything, but you can't really feel anything because they don't have that spiritual connection because a lot of the singers from back in the day were rooted in the church. Yeah. Right. This is the moment of truth. Will our guests reveal their identity or keep it concealed? The choice is yours to reveal or conceal. What will it Be? Castile. I'm down to reveal. Why should we conceal? When you can Reveal baby.


Alright. Right. Please introduce yourselves. What's up everybody? This is Ken from Mo and Step. What's up y'all? This is Steph. Who gonna be in this heat? Like Mo and Steph. But you forgot We the ones that got you talking, that's your neck talking negative. But we do wanna be around like a go. You wanna be down on spreading haters like Ray that gotta get paid every day gonna work. Like what? You saw me because your man feeling I'm serving them coast to coast. I was born to be a star pushing up log steady off that yak. What? This is Steph baby. Okay, listen. Round of applause everyone. Round of applause. Listen Stephanie, when you miss Stephanie, when you have your next birthday party or whenever you have a event, I need to be there because You missed the last one because I know it.


She missed the last one. We gotta make sure you on that list. Yes, I'm definitely coming because I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna tell you Kim. I love to laugh. So you gonna definitely have somes there. I love to laugh. We gonna be laughing girl. Oh, I already know. I already know. And then also the third member, miss Monifa couldn't be with us today, but she is here with us in spirit. So thank you ladies for joining us. So tell us, how did y'all decide on, on your name? Because the name is all three of your names combined. Well, we were actually dancing with some dancers. Another guy group. We were dancing for a show and they were saying, you know, how do we wanna be introduced? And we was like, they were asking us what's our name? We was like, we don't have a name.


And of course we was thinking of every name with a three three the hard way, three to three to t I don't know. We was just thinking of different three names. And we happened to be standing in the formation of Monifa Kenya and Stephanie. We was just standing there ready to do our routine and we didn't come up with anything. Nobody was really feeling anything. And so the guy was like, well what about Mo and Steph? Mm. The way we were just the order we were in. And it right at that moment, we all just loved it. And then Stephanie was like, well what about Step Kim Both. Why can't go the other way? And we was like, that's true too. But the bell just sounded better that way.


And so we just all stuck with it. How do y'all feel y'all music has influenced today's r and b or just music in general? Oh, it influenced today's r and b and music in general because it's so real. Like our song really is timeless because there's always a man cheating on a woman and there's always a woman taking her man back and there's always somebody in a relationship up and now, now he's your man, you know? So that's, that's cycle is constant. It happened before we wrote it and it's gonna happen after. Right. So, so like TikTok brought us back because it still goes on. No, I was was saying my daughter's in high school, right?


So it's so cool. They brought it all back one time. She's a cheerleader. I was at her game and they was bumping my song. I said what the, the high school was. And I was like, wow. And he saw on TikTok, they, we, they, you know, they resurged it, which is beautiful. It's a blessing. And we appreciated, like Ken said, it's a classic song that resonates from, from back in the days to today. People like she said, I think what really get people going, they be, everybody tried to figure out what we really was talking about, but it was so many different scenarios in that song. And we're talking About He's mine, right? Yeah. I said it was, it was so, it was so many scenarios with his mind where, you know, some people thought that we was saying we was cool with letting a man cheat on us and that wasn't what we were saying.


But you know, we let people have their narrative. It was more like when we wrote it, we was talking about everybody have a man before you and that man might not be with you no more. So now he got somebody else, but you know, and another scenario was like, and now he's with he's mine. You may have had him once. You would've, you might've been with him. Yes. So that was one in the other scenario, like Kia said, one of the group members boyfriend, which, you know, he had cheated on her and the girl kept playing on her phone back in the day. Like Mo Mo had a dude and he, and, and he and the girl kept playing on the girl phone constantly. So we was having jokes and we just, it just turned into joke. We was jokesters. It just turned into jokes after jokes after joke with this girl, you know what I'm saying?


And she made us have a hit platinum. Thank you for making us go platinum, baby. I Know. She was tight. Yeah. And they, them At weddings now. I went to a wedding. They play our song. He's mine. Really? I was like, hey. Yeah, it's the, the wedding song of the year. Don't forget to add it to your playlist. When people see y'all out and about and they say, they say he's mine. It's like one of my favorite songs. Like how does that make y'all feel when people see y'all Like you at the wedding or you at the, your, your child's school? Like, do people recognize that it's y'all that wrote these songs? Yeah. You know, I think it's so beautiful. Yeah. People tell them. Yeah. It's, I it's a good feeling because you know from that to when you even perform on stage, I like when like we, you did say a wedding.


We had went to a birthday party and they had played it and at the time I don't think people knew that it was me and Kenya there at the birthday party. Right. So sometime, sometime your song is bigger than your face. Bigger than you. Yeah. Your face bigger than your name. Yeah. Right. Girl, they, I said they was blowing, they was seen, they had a wonderful time. And then when they found out we was in the attendance, they was blown away. And it was, it was a beautiful feeling just to be laid back, you know, in the cut, right? Low key and seeing the energy. I think that's the one of the best feelings. It's, it's a beautiful Feeling. I also feel like this, the video of y'all performing live of his mind that's been going viral lately.


Have y'all seen that? We saw, I haven't the different ones. Which one? There's a couple of different ones. I've seen a couple of 'em go viral too. Well, yeah, like the good, so we, the song itself just been going viral again just lately. Oh, I thought you, yeah. Us dancing. Oh, see, lately I Haven't, yeah, it's been on, on Instagram, y'all. I have on the blue dresses And I, that performance been going viral. The remix. Oh yeah. I've seen, I've seen a couple of them too. I've definitely seen a couple of different things that we had done performing live, you know, we still perform live. So I saw a couple of things going, you know, going viral and it, and it feels good to see the energy and of people and how, how they respond to it.


I can't say every artist, but I think since you've been out before, before the social media came to life, we can handle the criticism better. Like, it doesn't bother. We already, we're strong in our conviction. We know who we are. We know what we did. We rolled ourself and we take responsibility for it. We take responsibility. We, we was very, when we did it, we did it ourselves. Nobody made us write these. Our whole album we wrote as if is, and that whole album we wrote. And it's like, except one song. It was a remake from Smokey Robinson. Much love to Smokey Robinson. But you know, we wrote everything pretty much. And I think because we knew who we were, we had no social media, no distractions like that.


I always say that. And I think we're very confident in who we are because social media, that's what people's mental health And I see, I see some artists be clapping back going like, why do you care? Right. If I was like, for me, I be, I wanna be a psychologist for these artists and talk to these artists to help them out. Because I'm like, who cares about You don't even know these cats. Why are you all in uproar? Right, Right.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play, and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information


Inside you. Two. Wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other. Courage, wisdom, and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the One You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders, and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good wolf. This Podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together On the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Will Space junk block your cell signal? The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you, and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, as Tom Cruise really do his own stunts, his stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is with us today. How are you too? Hello, my friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, Welcome to really, really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening, really. No, really? Yeah, really. No. Really go to really no. really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called, really No. Really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app, on Apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know, that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout? Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people you know, follow and admire, join me every week for Post Run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Amanda Mull who writes our Business Week buying power column. Very few companies who go viral are like totally prepared for what that means. And Zoe Tillman, senior legal reporter courts Are not supposed to decide elections. Courts are not really supposed to play a big role in choosing our elected leaders. It's for the voters to decide, Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen.


And y'all also face some legal issues with He's mind, which I thought that was a lot of important lessons that y'all shared. So can you share what those challenges were and how they affected your experience with the song? Because I, if I'm not mistaken, miss Stephanie, you didn't want nothing to do with the song after y'all went through it, right? I sure didn't. I didn't. I didn't want that to be the single, because once I started learning the business, that's another thing we talk about in our book called Unfinished Business that we'll be coming out soon. We talk about how like, you know, you I, I didn't, I was not happy about once I found out what they was trying to take, because see in this business, when you, when you what you say, like copy and person's song or I don't wanna say copy, but you know, when you sample you might be like, yeah, sample.


Yeah, thank you. The producer that produced it was an amazing producer. His name is Harry, a wonderful, he's alive. He's not just a producer, but he's a live musician. Amazing. So yeah, he's very amazed. So I think what was crazy about our situation, he played these samples live, but in court it was like, he was like, I didn't copy off it. Whatever happened, he didn't copy off of print. It was like Prince, the wonderful Prince Rest Soul and Roger and Zap. So our song had those type of, you know, samples in it. But he replayed, played, played. He didn't play in court, played he replayed it and did a whole nother little twist to it a little bit. But for the, you know, for the far as the court, they saw it looking like, oh this is a, a print sample.


This is. So we didn't look we in that. But we wasn't even a part that whole suit, we didn't even know until they came back to us. And I said, well, I'm good. Let's just do Sex in the Rain. That's our other single, we wrote it, he lied, played it, no samples. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, I'm good. So, you know, at that time I was not feeling to put it out. 'cause once I realized how much money they gonna be taking from that, I was like, oh wait a minute, hold up. We not really getting nothing From it. Right. I got out voted, I got outvoted, basically. I was outvoted. Yeah. But it's all good now. Yeah. And I know y'all have a book coming out and I'm sure this will be covered more in detail, but can y'all share y'all decision or the reason why y'all stepped away from music?


It's in the book. You got any, anything you can say without saying So something did happen? Yeah, it's, it's de it's definitely in the book and you get to find, see what's cool about the book. It's like, it's three perspectives. Like, you know, when people write books, you usually don't have everybody writing. It might be one person telling their story by they self. But in this situation it's a Mo and Steph book that's three perspectives. And you get to find out like who who walked away first and like how it, you know, we, what's that chapter we got called Ken? Oh, you put me on the spot. It's in the book. Look.


So it's a chapter that explains the fallout. What happened? There you go. Do y'all have any regrets about the decision looking back now, About Stepping away and leaving the music industry? I don't, not not Stephanie. I didn't, I didn't like it at all. And I talk about in the book, so that's why I say the three perspectives. You're gonna find out who did what and why that person did it. But I would say for myself, just to let give you like a little bit, I was not feeling that decision. Oh, sorry, sorry. Process of elimination. Right. You know? Yes. You know, I feel like y'all just had so much talent.


Emini here. Y'all was dancers, y'all was singers, y'all was rappers, y'all was fly. Y'all had personality. Do y'all believe y'all had a first shot or do y'all feel like the label knew what they was on with y'all? They didn't have, they didn't have Baby girl you said the right now. And we talk about in the book, it's so funny. We talk about that in the book, but no, they didn't understand us. Yeah. And we were, we were very, we was very creative. Right. We, and thank you for that compliment. We were very creative. We had some ideas that Missy Elliot did later in her, her video, which we love Missy Elliot. They thought we was crazy. Missy Elliot had this track, or I had that idea and told them way before Missy came out with it. And I love Missy Elliot 'cause she was creative.


Her, her people had her back. Yeah. Plus thought we was crazy talking like that. We was like, oh, we wanna do this. Yeah. Get almost a lot of ideas that we a a lot of ideas that we came out. We saw it come out in other groups and we would get so frustrated because it's like we would've been the ones the first to show that Had the vision Do that we did. And it was just, they made it seem like we didn't know what we was talking about or it was so hard to put together or Oh we can't do that. Or whatever the clap back was. They just wasn't feeling it. But we knew what we wanted to do. So our team wasn't all the way for us like we wanted them to be or like they should have been.


Mm. To add to what Ken is saying, when he said about a fair shot, you know what? We are thankful for our blessings that we did rec receive. But no, did we get a fair shot in certain things? Because you know why? Because we spoke our mind. We was very real and we wasn't like, yes kiss ass scoop. A lot of groups are, they kiss a lot of ass Mm, no we disre kiss a lot of ass. They wanna be so, you know, they want, they wanna make it so they gonna do everything that they tell them. We, we was, that's a fact. We would say no. We would say we ain't showing our, our asses like that opening our our crotches to do a video shoot. We ain't doing all that. We're not wearing Playboy out. We gonna be sexy out.


We wanna be sexy. Listen, I just know once I get in good with y'all, I can't wait to you with Miss Stephanie because I, I know she from left performance. I'm right. I know Miss Stephanie was nothing to play with baby. No ma'am. Okay. We almost finished. So if y'all can go back and do anything differently in your music career, what would it be and why? Really standing up to the, the labels and really standing firm and not just swaying with a I for me.


Not just swaying what an idea. Just to, you know, appease the group or appease the group. Just really just staying true to who I was because who I was was what I see right now. Right. You know, like starting out as new artist, it's like, oh I should have just stayed that way. I shouldn't have changed my lyrics or I shouldn't have not wrote on this song or whatever the, and just always stand in your ground. Like for me, I wish I would've always did that because the artists after us were doing it and this, it is just snowball into what it is now. Right. I would say maybe, what else? Taking a certain, I would say like, we should have took this publishing deal.


We were like, we were very like the One with Randy Jackson, I think we was Oh no. With Randy Jackson. He was all good. That was a good situation. But he ended up getting a job with American Idol. Mm. So that's how I know that that would've been a great situation. He was very, he was fool us. He was at MCA records at that time. So that was a very good look. So no it wasn't, it was a publishing deal. Like in this business you have, see we are writers, right? So when you are a songwriter you can say no or yes to a publishing deal. So I think we would've got a lot more money if we would've said yes to it. It was a public deal that was being offered to us. And we was like, no, we wrote our own song. Thank brought now what's his name?


Dang, what's his name? He's a artist. Dang. I just lost his name. But he was a solo artist and his mother back in the days, dang, why can I forget his name? I'm so mad. But anyway, I'm saying this to say is that his mother made the decision to be like, you know what I'm gonna keep, we're not gonna sell and do the pub. And it worked for him. The publishing deal account. He's he, he he very successful. Very financially well off. But his mother made. And we did the same thing. But for us, because of the sampling and because of the edu that's why you got, that's how we talk about in our book. You have to be educated when you get with these labels. At the beginning there were some things that we lacked knowledge of and because we were songwriters and it was a sample that we was not aware of that was gonna be taking maturity of the funds, 90% of the money.


We coulda did a publishing deal and made so much money off of that because we were writers and Right. For other people. Right. But we said, oh no, we do a publishing deal. So I regret that me. Mm. Because we would've got more would've said yes to that publishing deal, see publishing deal. They'll give you like a million or whatever the case may be. Whatever you negotiate. Right. And you don't know what your success gonna be. It's like, it's like a publishing company taking a a risk on you. Right. The rest, right. Yeah. Taking, they're like, oh I'm gonna give them a million. This song is so hot, I'm gonna give them a million or whatever. We should have said yes to those, to that particular situation. Right. Instead of saying no, we said no. I could see why we said no because we wrote it. But then once the politics come behind the sampling, that was a lot of money that was taken away from us.


What brought y'all back together? Was it the book? Yep, it was the book. Wanting to tell our story. Wanting to tell our story because it was unfinished. That's why it's titled Unfinished Business. Because there was things that needed to be talked about. And this was a segue to get, you know, once we put this book out, we knew shows and people were gonna be inquiring about us, which just happened. Right. And you know, and that would be a chance for us to finish what we wanted to do and get our story out there at the same time providing information for those coming behind us. 'cause we will all tell our, our perspective on a certain situation whether it was good, bad, or ugly.


But then there was a lesson behind that as well. Right. So it's a, like I told you earlier, it's a great read. Right. It's entertaining it T and information. Now I like the photos. Yeah. Because you cannot get those 35 millimeter camera photos back in the day. Not that you see with certain people. And like the stories, what was going Emini here? You don't look at a picture and you be like, I wonder what they was doing in this picture. We talk about what we doing in that picture. Right, right. But whether it's with Daddy Kane, Mary j Blige or whatever the, whoever he was in contact with, we talk about those moments. And it, I think, and it makes a very good read.


'cause you, I know me, I don't, sometimes I be looking in the picture And I, I'd be like, damn, I wonder what was going on. Right. But that's something that's in our, we talking about it from back in the days and it's our, it's all, and Kenya was our little photographer back then. You know how people have photographers going with, she was the photographer, she was the historian. They know. Right. I was taking selfies before Selfies, but I, in one of your interviews I was listening to, someone mentioned that y'all regret that y'all didn't take y'all, y'all didn't jump in on internet when it started booming. So with social media, do y'all remember that? Somebody saying that? Like somebody had a regret that Yeah, I think somebody was telling y'all when y'all was trying to figure things out after your contract saw y'all was trying to figure out like what would be the next move? And the guy was like, y'all need to do get into this internet.


Like y'all need to get, get, get started with that. So being that social media is what it is today. Do y'all think that y'all journey may have been different if y'all would've embraced it? The internet Of Yes. Because of the simple fact that something and just embracing the internet would've brought something different. But it's like we, our career went through that transition and that's one of the reasons why we was always like a beat behind. So we were in the old school way of doing music, then it started going into MP threes and then the music industry got scared because they was losing music and money. You know, 'cause people can download it for free. So you were losing it. Then it went to the CDs and then it, then we kept going through the changes of transitions.


So when you had a deal with somebody like, I forgot his name already that went to, we were just talking about him. He's had a writing deal for us. Oh well when we was in the, in talks with him, the company changes. He moves on. So every time we met somebody there were changes in the industry or changes with their department. So that would change whatever deal we had in motion. So if we would've been able to, you know, cap jump in and capitalize on that, of course things would've been different. And we did. But again, we was always that beat behind. So we was Constantly like changing. Right. Yeah. It was constantly changing. People didn't know their next move. Right. Or what's the best move.


And thank God for me and Kenya having degrees. 'cause you know, outside from this, I was a teacher. Right. I took a little Emini here. I still rapping, like doing stuff for like, I did like some stuff for like teachers with different people. 40. Yeah. I was doing stuff like with E 40 with like different features with the relatives. Snoop Dogg. Like I have like features of me rapping on my own. But you know, like that Emini here I did stuff, but I also became a teacher and kind of put that in my, you know, my teacher And I would do our little rides with my, my two, my students and stuff like that. But you know, it was one of those things, like I said, it was like so, you know, everybody was losing money.


'cause you, if you remember the CD burning people was burning them CDs and so artists was not making money. Instead of me being on drugs, I said, let me use my degree. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, you know, see if we can get back in this game. And you know, that's how the, and that's how the fallout, you know, part of the fallout happened. But I still was still actively working, doing stuff with other people, but not with Mo and stuff. Right. Not us as a group. Because I, I loved it so much. Loved it so much. So yeah. So what advice would you give to young women who are just now entering the music industry today based on your experiences? I would say be very, anything that you're involved in, know what you're getting into.


Know what you're getting into. Make sure you have an attorney. Do not take a lott and be so don't be so excited to be down. Don't be so excited to be involved. Like make sure your business sound and you know what now you don't really need a label. You can do this stuff independent. If you're willing to do the work, you have to do the work though. Right. You could be independent and make your own. And that's, and that's a good thing for them. Now, you don't need a label to make you who you are. You got the support from social media. Right. And you can get that instant gratification, but you still wanna know when all that money come to you, you wanna know how you deal with it. Financially management, business management, you gotta have your business in order.


Right. Because you don't know life. It happens so quick. It could happen so fast. Next one day, you could be talking like right now next to your millionaire. Yeah. Or you can make, you know, you could be doing. So you have to know what you're getting involved in so you can keep the success going for yourself. Right. And last but not least, what do you think is the legacy of Mo and stuff? I think the legacy would probably be kind, being authentic. We was always authentic. I think our legacy of being authentic and no one can say that we, you know, we never, we never backed down on who we were. Right. Even though there was moments, there was some moments that we did like, kind of had to change some stuff up and we couldn't be our self with our music.


But when it came down to our dignity, we can't, we we, we wasn't out there, you know, having sex with different artists. We wasn't doing stuff, we wasn't planning our ourself like that. We were very, you know, we was very smart about that. Yeah. Our dignity meant a lot. Our, our integrity meant a lot to us. We can go to bed at night, I think we can go to bed at night and be like, we didn't, we didn't sell our soul. Right, right. Like, I think, I think one, I think one artist say this, I think it's Maya Maya's kind of like us. She, she didn't sell our soul. It's like we didn't sell our soul. And I think the authenticity of our music, it lives long because nobody wrote it for us.


Us we wrote it ourselves. It was us as a collective doing what we needed to do from dancing to singing. So no one could take that away from us. No one. Right, Right. Well, miss Stephanie and Miss Kenya, I really enjoyed y'all on the show. I'm, I'm so happy that we were able to do this And I I cannot wait for my audience to hear it this. 'cause I feel like I grew up on your music And I had a memory that I completely forgot, but I remember y'all being on all that Girl. I know girl. That was such a fun moment. All that. I loved all that. Right. That was, You saw that, that that stuff was so much fun. Yes. That was such a vibe. Like, I, I miss, I see, I miss shows like that. So when you was talking about certain, I miss shows like that, like all that.


Yeah. That was a wonderful, it was very fun. It let like, you know, I think Saturday Live was like more like that. But you know, Saturday Live kind of give that in the adult version that that was a fun vibe. Nah, me too. Emini here. The nineties itself was just that, that's the era where you just, you can't duplicate it. Like you just had to be there. You just had to be there, be there and, and go and you know, you had to be there. And it's so funny that I think that that's what I like about our book because let me tell you, I was like, damn, I can't believe we got a picture of this. It's certain things that you be tripping off of. Like, wow, we had a picture of this and it was so long ago.


You know what, Emini here, that's what, that's what make it so beautiful because you know, now you can see everything so quick. Right, right, right. But just imagine all these pictures of stuff you like, wow, look how I used to look how we, we even cracked jokes. Even in our book we crack jokes about ourselves. How crazy. We looked on a couple of moments. We like, why did we let them do this to us? Right. Right. It like, like we, we are very, we're talking about other people, but we talking about we have jokes for ourself as well. It's funny, right? Yes. It's, it's a, it's a picture with the brat. The Brat and Jermaine d we was at like a show performing. They was like in the front row watching us.


Like those are beautiful moments. Seeing them like so in, in tune watching us perform back and before they, before they was even like hot, they was watching us at like a, we they used to do these major like show showcases, right. And the label, whatever label was signed to, they would be proud to, to, you know, to promote their acts. So you'll be performing for all kind of industry people. It wasn't even like outside people, it was more industry driven. So only people that was in the industry got to go to these things. So it's, so when I see this picture of the Brad and Jermaine de, they always was so tight and they still tight to this day and it's just nice to see them right next to each other watching us in the front row performing. Yeah.


You know, it's, it's amazing. You know. So Ladies tell us, what is this book coming out? And also let everyone know where they can follow you at. Please follow us at the real smoking stuff. Instagram at the real smoking stuff. Facebook at the real mo and stuff website. Everything is the real mo and stuff. The book, except for the website is mo and step.com. Thank you. MOKE and STF mo and step.com Unfinished business. We will be definitely selling, you know, real soon is coming soon. We are so excited about it. We are done with it.


We were just, you know, doing a, it's like, it's so we have to hurry and let it go. 'cause you know, stuff be happening. We be like, well I gotta go back and say this. Right? Let it go and let it feel. We like that now, but we just have to stop, stop, stop editing. Definitely gimme a post on the book so we can have you back on the show so we can talk more in depth about your journey once the book comes out. But I'm definitely looking forward to supporting and also sharing it with my listeners. Oh yes. It's gonna be awesome. You know what I love about you girl? You did your homework. Don't play with Girl. You are about that. I'm tell you, it feels so, lemme tell you something about artists. Artists really appreciate the people when they interview you that they know, they know who they talking to.


Yeah, yeah. No, it was really, I told Ms. King before you joined. I'm like, it's really an honor to have you all have you all on it because I remember seeing y to this day, I still ing y'all song. So I'm pretty sure that hearing y'all show. Yeah, I'm pretty sure once my listeners hear your show, they're gonna be even more excited that you were a part of The Professional Homegirl podcast. So I really appreciate y'all ladies. No, this is home girl. Come home girl. Yeah, I love it. I love your girl. Yes, me too. So I have to send y'all some shirts and stuff so y'all can wear it. So I definitely, Yes, I'll definitely, definitely promote. We gonna tag you girl. We gonna tag you Queen. Yes, yes, yes. And to the listeners, if you have any questions, comments, or concerns, please make sure to email me a hello@thephdpodcast.com.


This has been a pleasure ladies, And I'm so appreciative of you all. So until next time, everyone, ladies and gentlemen, Mo and Steph, Thank you. Love and light. Babe. Babe, thank you. Thank you Ebonee. You are welcome. The Professional Homegirl Podcast is a production of the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Don't forget to subscribe and rate the show and you can connect with me on social media at the PhD podcast.


Life is the act of custom read bitch that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature Bows is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Do you want a shortcut? To the best version of you, here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, The best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast is To get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So That's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.