
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience, the incredible true story. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. I've been trained for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for This. The Fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day. Good Morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning.


It's Monday. And today's show is all about some of the funniest comedians that has ever been up here and Emini here. They're so funny that we actually have 'em on our Breakfast Club Wall. Of course, when Marlon Waynes always comes through, Marlon Wayne is probably one of the funniest dudes to ever come up here, and he's always up here. And we can't forget about our guy, Kevin Hart and Will Packer. When Kevin Hart comes up, you never, never know what to expect. And there is no holes barred when he's in the building. So today's show, we gonna be kicking into Kevin Hart, will Packer and Marlon Wayne. So keep a lock. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is your time to get it off your chest chief calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? Hello, this is James calling from Lumberton, North Carolina. Hey James from Carolinas. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. That song IDGF with Chris Brown in it. You know, you going to give it up or whatever. Yes sir. See Chris Song. Let's see, Chris, that's A disrespectful song, man. This, this woman is telling him that she's in a relationship. She's good. He treats her good, the states are good, everything. And he's steady talking about, well, I remember when we used to get down. Let's go get a room. Come on, let's go. You know? That's so disrespectful. How old are you, king? I'm 44. I'll be 45 next month. Okay, so we in the same age range. I'm 46. We've heard more disrespectful songs, bro.


Emini here. That's just been the norm in r and b and hip hop for a long time. You know, men don't care if you got, if if the woman that the woman got a good man. You remember Carl Thomas? I wish. Oh my God, that man was man, because He was a stalker man. Had a Family stay her family driving by the crib. She needed to build a wall around Carl Thomas. Carl Thomas needed to be arrested. My man stay. But what about me At the least investigator? He was stalking. He was stalking the woman. Sure was. Thank you brother. Maybe n alive. I know she regret giving that man. Yes. Guine ppo. Hello, who's this? This is Jamel Jamel from New Bern, North Carolina. What up, Jemele? Get it off your chest. Hey, I just wanted to call y'all and tell y'all good morning.


Good. The guy TJ Envy. That's hilarious. What's happening? Good morning, baby. Appreciate you. Hey, I also wanna know, I got two questions. DJ Emini here. Charlemagne and Scott? Yes. I need all your books. I got Shook one. I'm reading that right now. Okay. And I got a new, And I got a new book called Get Honest or Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks. Okay, say last. Say Last. And I also wanna shout out my wife and my kids. Damn. I thought you was a stud. You sounded like a stud. My God. He did. I was the whole time I thought I, Hey, I listen to y'all every morning. Okay.


This my first time. This is my first time calling And I got straight through. That's crazy. Well, congratulations. Appreciate you King. Hey, Hey, hey. But hey, but Charlamagne, can you send me a book or so I got you. We going, I'm, I got, I got a pack in here for you. I need that, I need that black privilege. Hold on, don't hang up. Okay. Alright. Say less. Say less. DJ NB. All Charla Emini here. Alright, Jess. All Right, babe. Ain't sound like a stud. I'm confused. Was it a stud at the end very much? No, it was the same person. It was the same person the whole time. It did sound, she did sound Emini here. He did sound a study. Well, well he or she could have a wife regardless if she's a stud. Yeah, I was gonna say. Yeah, wife Finn is, but damn. Yeah, this ain't never denied. She ain't never denied. So she probably, yeah, so she probably is, is like, oh, you got me.


They asked for some Books. Stuss don't know they got a found. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, my name official. What's your mama call you? I'm visiting person. What's your mama call you? Nah, my real name is Official coffee. You can look it up. Official coffee. I'm from Florida, north Miami, Florida. I totally understand. Carry on. Alright, well get it off your chest, brother. All right. I just want to get off my chest. I've been, I got vision impaired in 2020. My rat name is, I just want to, I've been calling all day. I'm sorry. I'm very nervous. I watch Breakfast Club every day. I listen to it. I can't watch it. NOL but I just want to say I'm striving out here.


I was just want to know if I could get a shout out, if I could get followed on, get some followers up on Instagram. I'm trying to pull my book, my rap career. I'm blind and I'm stuttering because I can't believe that I'm talking to y'all right now. And sorry for not saying Good morning en It's all good, brother. Good morning, Charlamagne to God. Peace. Peace. Good morning. Just hilarious. Good morning. You, you, you all are doing great things and you guys gimme motivation because I'm a jack of all trades, even though I'm so, I'm blind. I still strive and keep going on.


I sell organic soap. I don't know if you guys like organic soaps that I could have the address to send you guys some free samples. Okay. I, I'm just shocked right now. I'm sorry. Like I, I don't know what else to say. I rap. I'm on every platform. My rap name is Uber Thra. Okay. UBER. Alright. T-H-R-A-X. Okay. I'm, I'm on every platform. Apple Music, iHeartRadio, Pandora, YouTube, Spotify, everything. Now listen. And I Also want to talk about, Hey, Hey, hey versus Drake. Hey, Hey, hey. Okay, I'm gonna slow down.


I'm gonna slow down. No, We appreciate you and we appreciate you seeing us and appreciating us. But this call is gone on way too long. But he's blind. He's excited. He Can't see us. I know, but we Appreciate you and we gonna Yeah, I, I'm sorry about that. My, I'm sorry about that Bob. It's all good. It's all good. What you wanna say about Kendrick Drake real quick? 30 seconds or less. Alright Man. Straight up. I want to say I understand. Everybody feel like Kendrick Lamar won the battle. He did. 'cause they not like us, but Drake let us know he's a, he's a soft ass. So all the you said we already knew because Drake said it already. But I respect both of 'em boys. But come on man. Kendrick Lamar won that battle.


Real Kendrick Lamar won that battle and it's not even closer, sir. You can't call somebody soft ass. It did say I respect both of the boys. Right. That's right. He already told us that. He did not feel us like I'm young. No, no, He actually did though. Sorry. And that Taylor made freestyle. He said that that was gonna be one of Kendrick's angles. But that don't mean it still didn't hit when Kendrick's said it, He never said I'm a colonizer. Y'all and Y'all some saying he didn't say that. He didn't say he was a colonizer. He yeah, He didn't say that. Yo. What if he was like, And I Justin, Larry, you just glowing like how you know? Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up Now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Ray, Ray, Ray, yo, SHA Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Yo, this is Orlando from the 7 5 7 7 5 7. What's up Orlando? Get it off your chest Man. I just wanna give a big shout out to all the truckers, you know what I'm saying? We, we make, we making it happen this Mornings Luther. All the truck drivers out there, man. And all you, all the truck driver wives like, just hilarious. No doubt. And every man, I just wanna know when we gonna bring that car show down to the 7, 5, 7. You know what, I got a food truck seven. I said well when you gonna bring your car show down to the 7, 5, 7?


The 7 5 7 been calling a lot. Got, And I think, I think I'm gonna try to do it next year. I'm not sure when maybe I could get the Hampton Coliseum to do it, but yeah, everybody from the 7, 5 7, you know, went to Hampton University. So I got, that's my second home down there. So I I I'm, I'm gonna try to put a play together to get it down there though. No doubt because we got food trucks, you know what I'm saying? I think we got the best food truck down there. All right, well pull up in New York, New Jersey. You a truck driver, you don't mind. It is August 17th. Pull up down here And, and, and I'm not there as a truck driver. I'm a auto hauler, so you know you need them cars moved. That's what I do. Say no more. Hey, say no more. Hit me in the DM and, and you in, in the truck. Now blow the horn for us. Hey there you brother. Be safe out there on the Road. Alright Pam, be safe.


Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James from North Carolina. What's up? Get it off your chest, brother. Yo, I just wanted to say, man, the Marley family is so musically gifted, man. That, that YG Marley that gives John the paint. Oh man. It doesn't matter if I'm in a bad mood. Whenever I hear that joint, my spirit is immediately uplifted, man. Emini here. Yeah. Fire man. You know, And I Damien his brother Damien, I used to listen to him all the time, but Man, yeah, no, they're all talented. Rohan Damien of course pops Bob. Like, they, they are all talented. You can just, just listen to their music all day long. So yeah.


They are a talented family. Fertile too. Oh yeah, we see that song. I ain't Give God the thanks it's called. Okay. Oh yeah. Give y the thanks. Give y the thanks. I gotta go check that up. It's called John the Morning. Yeah, I love that. I love a song Giving Glory to God. Yeah, Absolutely. It's called Praise John in the Morning. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Oh yeah, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The Legend, man. Bill Burr. Welcome. Hey. Oh, how you feeling? I'm all right.


You all right? Yeah. When you hear the word legend, do you just feel old or you feel like I'm accomplished? I don't know what I feel. I I I never feel like I, you know this, you know how this business is, you feel like any moment, like whatever you got is gonna go away. So I just, I don't pay attention to that stuff. I obviously like it. No legend doesn't make me feel old, makes me feel good. But when somebody's like, ah, man, I grew up on your comedy. Yeah. I started listening to you when I was eight. I'm like going like, oh my God, you're seem, they're like, you know, divorced. You're like, oh God, how old am I? So yeah, I would say that's the type of stuff that makes me feel old. I wanna, I wanna go back a little bit, if you don't mind. Okay. I wanna, I wanna know, you know, what got Bill burns to comedy, Dramatic childhood Delusional Stuff Was, sorry, Nobody, nobody Happy gets into this stuff.


Then the delusions of fame get into your head and then you somehow get into it. No, Emini here. I definitely liked it when I was growing up, but I got into it by chance. So I thought like you had to be in Hollywood to get into it. Like, I had no idea. There was this huge standup scene in Massachusetts. So I was working in a warehouse And I was working with this guy and he was into standup the way I was. And he was funny as hell. One night we were, we used to used to go over to his house, have a couple of beers before we went out, you know, save some money. And he was, we were watching standup, he was going, bill, we're funnier than these guys. Like, and you know, he goes, one, one night I'm gonna take a shot at Jack Daniels and go up on stage. And that's when it stopped being on tv. And it was next to me. And I started thinking like, oh wait a minute.


If he can try it, I can try. It still took me another five years to figure it out. I started, I started kind of late. Did you ever feel like you had to wear a dress sucker to get on in Hollywood? Jesus Christ. No. And that whole theory is ridiculous. Yeah. That that's what's going on out there. Yeah. That there's more pedophiles in Hollywood than there are in plumbing. It's, it's, it's like, it's, it's, it's a problem. Why? Plumbing? I don't know. Just like regular jobs or acting like they're acting like every pedophile in jail. Like created, you know, fri you know, star Wars war. Yeah. It's like, no. It's like, they're like, they're going, that's what's going on. What's funny is what's going on in Hollywood is going on in in most businesses where it's like, it's a lot of people working overtime, not getting paid, not getting credit and getting pushed down.


And people at the top taking more and more. But the problem with Hollywood is, is those idiots stay in Hollywood and they look at most of the country like flyover states. That's right. And then they go on these stupid, you know, award shows and they talk down to 'em. That's, everybody is like that. But then they just, they just, you know, the sociopaths get the dumb people wound up. What did Bill Burr wanna be before he became a comedian? Or you just always wanted to do comedy? I was just failing at everything. I did horrible in school. So I just felt like hopelessly behind until I started hanging out, you know, with people that were into comedy. And then somehow I found it And I remember doing that. And then I was just like, all right, this is what, this is what I'm supposed to do. 'cause every, everything else I was doing, I just never felt like, this is not it.


I don't feel like these people aren't the same kind of weird that I am. You know? Did you ever wanna quit Once? No. One time I thought I wasn't gonna make it. It was the only time I ever thought it. When was this? You bombed? No, no I haven't all the time. That's just part of this stuff. I was doing the, I'm not gonna say where I was 'cause it's a sad story. We don't bum you out. Okay. So I was doing this, this, this, this club that I'd just been going to for years and years and years and years and years. Every other year I'd go there, new Hour, gonna get 'em, you know, I, you know, I'm in with the warning radio guys and the same 30 people were showing up. So it was after the late show. And I was sitting there, you know, wreaking of smoke 'cause you could smoke all three shows, smelled like I fought a fire.


My eyes were all burning And I was just looking at the wait staff and they were lifers. They had been there before and they were older, a little bit heavier. And they were counting up their money and they were smoking their cigarettes. And the same amount of people had showed up. And that was the first time I, like this thought went in my head like, of like, wait a minute, am I the guy who doesn't make it? Oh my God. The panic of that. I went back to the comedy condo And I was just laying in bed trying to turn it around and my brain was just, no, no. Yeah, the guy's not gonna make it. So that was, yeah. Then I got back to New York and it was better, you know? And I, I came, you know, after the gig I came back and then just like the energy, I had a couple of good sets. Sunday night at the Boston Comedy Club was a huge turning point for me in my career's.


Probably how I ended up here right now. And that, that would, that would get me to think positive. And you said you'd never bombed, right? And I, I, no, I didn't say that. You said you have bombed bombed all the time. You have. But I don't think you bomb Bill. I think that people don't know if they should laugh at what you're saying. You know what, Emini here. Well maybe now, but No, no. Oh my God. Back then you, oh, I remember bombing so bad one time. This was comedy club called Mixed Nuts. That's now called the Comedy Union. That was the black club. Right. So I went down there. It's funny, I started doing those rooms because I used to listen to Richard Pryor. So like his albums were so live that you could like picture the crowd. So I had this idea of what a crowd looked like. It was weird. I'm white as hell And I like, that was my idea of what a crowd was. So, so, you know, ended up doing those rooms along with the white rooms.


Right. So I was on stage bombing so bad, like this right here. Silence. And I just remember hearing this woman's voice in the back. She just goes, I ain't laughed yet. About 10 minutes. Damn. And then that was the biggest laugh with the set. Everybody laughed and then they just started talking amongst themselves. And I did not sick. I did know how to turn it around. It was, and there's something, it's bad enough bombing in front of your own people, but bombing in front of another race of people. Yeah. Knowing that you're taking down a bunch of other white comics with you. Like, because you represent for all white comedy. Everybody. It's just like, I, I don't want you ain funny this corny ass mother, you know? Oh man. It's just, it's not just me, you know?


There others out there. They're funny. Yeah. It was bad. You liked Richard Pryor. What's your favorite Richard Pryor album? Hmm. Maybe it was it something I said the one, I can't say the one hit on 82 was super that have the n word in it. You're gonna get me in trouble after That was a set up question that day. Right. I'm lucky I got a good night's sleep. I would've been like, oh, I like that N word's crazy. I will say I bought, I bought his albums 'cause he just looked funny. That was the first one I bought that N-word crazy one when he, he was pointing like that. Just, he just looked funny. That's how I bought the first Eddie Murphy up. I bought the first Eddie Murphy album. 'cause I was like, well he's also black. He must be funny.


And that was the first one we had the rose in his ear. You see how that works? So you did represent for all white comics. 'cause you see one funny black comic, you think? Yeah. Yeah. That, that's how, no, that's how it works. It's almost like I found a genre of music. So I, I would listen to, I listened to all of his stuff And I just, there was something about the way he did it, which I didn't understand it as a kid, but the way he did it, the way he trashed white people, he got you to listen to him and laugh at yourself. Where by the time Def Jam came around crack eighties and all of that black comedy was, it was like, it was like a different thing. But like, what I loved about Richard was like, you like rooted for him. You felt like you knew him. It was really insane. I, I like, And I, I think he's the greatest of all time. And I think it's even close.


All we Got more with Bill Bur when we come back. So don't move is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning. We all The Breakfast Club. Nv, Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We're still kicking it with comedian Bill. Bur, I got a question. Does cancel culture scare you at all? Does it make you change your set? You see a lot of comedians change the set change how they they talk change what they talk about. Well that was something that like most movements started with something good, you know, and then was quickly co-opted by people with their own interest. And then it just completely lost its way. And like, but is It good though? 'cause 'cause medians were usually the ones that well, I think didn't care about, Talk about everything make you laugh, you know. But if there Was people, no, the initial thing that there's these people out there sexually abusing people, like that was good to get rid of those people.


That that wasn't bad. But then all of a sudden it spun into, what are you talking about in your act? I kind of like, didn't really notice it was happening that I, I was kind of on stage going like, oh, I just said that. What if somebody just takes that clip? And I wa I didn't realize I was doing that till I, I did, Dave Chappelle was doing covid shows And I went there and nobody had a phone. And just the freedom of that. Not like I was gonna go up and say something ignorant, but just not having to worry about that when they were really kind of coming for people. 'cause I think it's like died down. It's weird. And I was, I was performing at Fenway Park. Oh. That was one of those things that was so big. Like, I don't think I even mentally dealt it with it until like two years after I did it. 35,000 people. Yeah.


Something like that. I felt like it was on Led Zeppelin. They had a police escort. We drove into the thing. Yeah. That was something. So that was, that was a one time only because they like, you wanna do it again? It's like, no, no. I don't think there's any point to go back. Lot of requests for tickets. Oh. From people. Ah, you know, it wasn't that bad. You know what was was nerve wracking though, was my high school reunion also was there? No, they just decided to go to the show and that, and it's just like, that's just like a weird thing where like when I meet people from high school, like, you know, I had a really cool class. So like I'm still the person I was and, and, and so are they. It's just I'm doing this weird thing. I had to block that out a little bit. Right. It'd be like, you know, all those girls you were afraid to talk to you go back to being like, you know, little Billy redheaded kid in like ninth grade.


So I had to like, okay, I gotta block this out and do my job. You married right? Yeah. To a black woman if I'm not mistaken. Yeah. How does that happen? How does that happen? How does That happen? I'm Saying a white guy from Massachusetts. Well I watched like, you know, I watched different strokes growing up And I had a crush on Janet Jackson.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casinos home to hundreds at Casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Crack Gut A bat and Another one Gone. A tip bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began with me. Did you know, did you know I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before? Rosa? Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Where'd you meet her? First time I met her. Oh my god, this guy was blocking me so bad that night. You don't blame him, obviously. No, he was doing it 'cause he was miserable in his own relationship. Mm. So like, he saw me like, and it was like, you know, it was like fireworks. Like we just, like, I I've only met two people that had like a vibe like her in my life and the first one was a dude. He was just so that wasn't Apple wasn't your type? No. He was like, no, just walked in the room. You know, and you just knew the person was coming in the room. She has that vibe. Right? Hold on, you gotta clear that up. I don wanna be clear about you didn't date the guy, had nothing. No, I'm just, I just gonna make sure. Is it the first one you guys gonna let, why are black people let go this homophobia? You always gotta check like, what are you doing for the story?


But get manicured eyebrows. Like, I'm gonna sit here and act like you are all good over there. Like, you don't swing a leg up with a fence every once in a while. A minute you got sandals on and white socks. You looked like you just came from a steam room. Travolta. Yeah. My God. No, I just mean like, like I, I always paid attention to energy. 'cause my energy was terrible. I was like all introverted and blah, blah, blah, blah. So I was fascinated with people that were just free. So that's what I meant. Got you. Got you, got you. Okay. We gonna go back to sucking for a show again, guys a one trick pony over here. So we go, we go to like hang out, right?


No, I'm, so, we're like vibing and everything. And I literally had to say to the dude, he was like a chick. I had to be like, Hey man, sorry, I'm not paying attention to you. That's all that I was just like, you know, I'm hitting it off there, man. I think this is going all right. Right. So the end of the night comes the end of the standup show and he just comes walking over. He goes, he just goes, so you, you guys wanna go get something to eat? Right? And he invites her and everybody now I'm at this table and there was like, you know, 10 other people there and he's all the way down the end and he's still like yelling down, trying to interrupt any of my, talking to her. I think Emini here. It was so long ago. I just remember one point the check came And I didn't have any money. So I said, I'll put, just gimme the cash, I'll put it on my card. He's like, oh, he's just trying to get the miles. Like that's like, that's how he was doing it, right? It was the middle of the dinner. Right. And I finally just look at her, I just give up, right?


'cause he won't shut the fuck up. And I finally just looked at her And I go, can I at least split a cab with your home? So she does that female thing. Why do you wanna split a cab with me? I was just thinking I go, 'cause I want to kiss you, right? Oh yeah. Right. So she put her head down and smiled And I was like, I gotta this guy. Yeah. So I let him do all this bull, everybody leaves except for him, me, and who's gonna become my future wife. And he literally goes, he goes, Nia, he goes, where do you live? Where do you live? Do you live uptown? And she goes, yeah, I live with town. I go, I live with two. He goes, you wanna split a cab? He was trying to leave with her. And she goes, no, I'm riding home with Bill. He's going like, oh no, but I live up. He was so, wow. She just said, I'm not gonna say his name. She went, so and so I'm splitting a cab with Bill.


And then he, oh he left. And the rest history. I don I don't talk to him for four days. And he calls me up. He's like, Hey, oh, what's going on? I'm like, nothing. What's up? He's like, you didn't call me 'cause you thought I was blocking you the other night. And I'm like, you were. He goes, no I wasn't. I'm like, why did you bring it up? So that was the end of that friendship. Well That was crazy. 'cause I, I'm literally still starstruck just by, remember when I just walked past the room And I was like, oh Bill, where's Bill Burr? How you doing? And he was just looking like, Hey, what's up? Like, not at all. Like, oh yeah, you know, I am that guy. You know, it was just real, real, real cool. And the first time you, you made me laugh was racial drafts the Dave Chappelle that you did the comedy like three years old when it came out.


But I watched it 'cause I, I was a big fan of Chapo's show and then every special, That was one of the coolest things. Yeah. First really cool thing that I ever got on where it was like I got to experience, it was like Beatlemania, I don't know if anything gets that big again. With with Yeah. Nah. All of this media. But it was like when everybody brings up, you know, the Rick James one and, and and, and all of that. The, I will tell you this, the law and order sketch that I was in the first cut of that And I think Comedy Central thought was too dark. Oh my God. It was like, it was like a Oscar winning movie. 'cause it was hilarious. And then it was like when the white dude was in prison in the end, the way they did it and they cut to Dave laughing on the golf course.


It wasn't funny. It was like, this is what you do to us. It was, it was like, wow. Southern Comedy Central. Like, oh, you know, we think there's a different ending. They like, That was another thing too. I remember they used to edit it right up the street from where I was living. And I remember Neil Brennan going, Luther Neil going, you gotta, you gotta come see this. And I got to see them, the, the Rick James sketch before anybody else. And I remember laughing my ass off and there just became a point I stopped laughing And I was just like, this is like, I've never seen anything like this in my life. Yeah. So that was probably the, the first kind of still like the, one of the coolest things I got to be on. I met Charlie Murphy. Charlie Murphy rest, peace. Yeah. Rest his soul. Oh man.


The stories that went with that guy. Yeah. He had, oh my god, his stories. Bill fucking bird man. Thank You for joining us. All right. Thank you for having me. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like, you guys, let's not go. Why? Let's not go. Why? You know, why, why, you know why It ain't over yet? So I can be honest with you. I listened, I listened to one clip And I shut it off after eight seconds. You what clip was it? Somebody said something like, well, you know, sometimes, sometimes I, whatever the hell he was talking about. And I just hear you go, why would you do that? Just going like, oh, is it gonna be this? But no, I had a, I had a good time. Well, thank you. Hey, it is my insecurity. I hope you had me back. I really appreciate what you said. It's Bill Burr.


All right. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Daddy call man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, Charlemagne had a Question. It's not me. I told you we was in the control room And I was talking to our team and they asked the question, where do all old hoes go? I think it says on TikTok. Right? See, there's something happening on TikTok. This is a question that's being asked. Where do old holes go? Yeah. And I'm realizing that it must be young people asking this question. 'cause there's old, old, old folks we know where the old hoes Go.


You know what? That that's, that could be a good thing because if, if, if some of the young hoes wanna know what happened when they become older, they want to know where they should be going. Well, the truth to the matter is, young hoes just grow up to be old hoes. And what happens to the old hoes is life happens. They end up having kids, you know, some of them, you know, go to college. Like we act like just, we just the term hoe has such a negative S Right? So when you think hoe, I don't know what you think, but hoes are people too. Okay? And they go to college and they get degrees or they go out there and they get good jobs and they live lives. Like truth to the matter is, and you don't want to hear this, your mama probably was a hoe dang. But you ain't never had a conversation with her to see what her sex life was like.


You know what Emini here back in the day, that'd be awkward. Mama had a life. Grandma had a life. You know what Emini here, And I know we gotta be fair and say that men are definitely holds too, but we know it's a double standard. So we only talk about, you know, the women right now. So the reality is holes are everywhere. Holes make The World go around. There's holes that are, you know, running Fortune 500 companies. They're in the C-Suites. You know what Emini here, there's holes in the church. You know, there's holes that, you know, own the local grocery stores like that. Like what? What's the, I hate saying the term hoes, but I I would say church. Right? And the reason being is because when you get a little older, you want to kind of repent for all of the holism that you did. Right? Good or Bad. Yeah. You done gave it to everybody. So now you wanna give it to God. There you go. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You done gave it up to everybody.


So now you gotta give it to the Lord. Give it to the Lord. That's right. That's Lord. The only, the Lord the only one. You ain't gave it up to. Jesus Christ. Let's go to the phone. We got Tatiana on the line. Tatiana, good morning. Good morning. How are you? Gie How Doing Tatiana? How old are you, Tatiana? What's Up? What's up Tatiana? How old are you? Well, I'm 24. Okay. I don't know if you old enough to have this conversation. Well, well, Well, and this thing you said listen, your grandmother, My grandmother talk about it all the time. Oh, your grandma was a hoe. Retired hoe. She's still, but she plays with a toys now. Damn. What, how old is she? Yeah, She said she three, but she likes, she like them 24 or younger. Oh, okay. So she never stop home.


She never stops. She's still out Here. I bet you she's young. I bet she got a young youthful energy tour her too, at 50 something. She do. And she's still looking for anybody that's listening. By the way, I want y'all to know 50 something ain't old, but it's coming from a 45-year-old man. Okay? I said 63 charlamagne 53 ain't old. 53. No. So you basically saying 63. So you trying to say old hoes don't retire. They still hoeing, They still out here man. S sl through your grandma. Okay. God bless her. I hope she hoe until she gotta take her dentures out. This what? Hello? Who's this? Thomas is from Brooklyn. Time is good morning. What's Up man? Where do all the old hoes go? Thomas? Oh, all old hoes go to heaven, man. They cook clean and they do that thing. You feel me?


Where does mine, I listen, here's the other thing. I Thomas, I love the enthusiasm in your voice. 'cause here's the thing that we don't talk about enough. We love hoes. Yep. We do. We do like you even you even want the woman you marry. You want your lady to have to have some hoe in her. Damn right? Yeah. So they say lady in the lady in the streets. But a but a freak is freak shit. Freak the freak, freak hoe. Whatever you want. Call Need a horn. Need a horn in the bag. Who? Jesus Christ. The whole Word. All right. W-H-O-R-E. All right. Real asshole. Word to the city. Girls. All Thank you brother. Nicole. Good morning. Good morning gentlemen. Morning Nicole. Morning. Good morning, Nicole. So the question is, where do the O Hoes go?


I need to know how old you are first. Nicole. I'm 40 years old. Okay, so you, you, you, you, you, you old ho. She ain't gotta be old ho. You don't know if she holding or not. Are you Old? Talk to us Nicole. I'm not an old ho, however, I say I'm very experienced. Mm. Okay. So Now gentlemen, my opinion is that old hoes are male and female. I think some of 'em going to be very successful individuals that influence The World. That's right. They could be military commanders, they can be business owners, or they could be radio talk show hosts. You're absolutely right. Right. Shale. That's right. That's facts. You right. Thank you Nicole from Nicole. Hold on, hold on. Where you from, Nicole? I'm from Harlem, but I live in New Jersey now. Okay. We don't know each other, do we? Oh No. But you know my family is from South Carolina.


Mon corner bono. Oh, okay, okay, okay. All right. All right Nicole. Thank you Nicole. Good Talking to you gentlemen. Have a Great day. Good talking to you too. Lemme ask You a question. I just didn't like that little right charlamagne. The right Charlamagne. Yeah. You know That me, but you know her family from Monks club. So that Emini here, she been listening to me for a long time, or she knows I'm, I, listen, I'm a reform Hoe. Ain't, or she knows somebody that knows somebody that knows somebody. I'm A reform hoe. I've taught. I ain't no, ain't no thing. You think Hoen is hereditary Is hoe and hereditary. I think everybody likes sex. You know what I'm saying? And people, it's just everybody likes sex. Who do you know that doesn't like sex? Everybody likes sex in some way, shape or form. Asexuals Though. I don't even know what that is. I don't Know either. But somebody shout it out at the back, back of class. Stop. Listen, kids sat to back the Class. Stop listening to these young kids, right? I don't even know what the hell that is.


What the hell does that even mean? I don't know. Hello? Who's this? Hey, This is April. How You doing? April? Good morning. We're asking where do the old hoes go? So The old ho retire and go back to the, from high school who always loved them. We going with the good s That that's, that's where they go. That's a good point. Security. So after you done ran, after you done ran around and gave it up to everybody, you just go back. The old faithful from high school, huh? Pretty much. Okay. Thank you. April. Paula? Good morning. Paula. Paula, you there? Hey. Yes I am. Hi. Hey. Hey. Good morning. We'll, how Old are you Paula? Hi. So the question of the day should be like a family feud question, but I say they go to church. How old are you, Paula?


I'm 38. 38. Okay. So you're getting up there. You don't know she ahoe? Yep. Are you, would you con do you think you a I just, no. Hell no. I just dropped off all these damn kids at school. How many kids you got? I got three girls. Oh, for real? How many baby daddy? Oh my god. How many baby got two, four. Got five. Paula? I got Two. Two. Two. Two. Okay. Two baby daddy. All right. How many boyfriends? Yeah. How many What? How many boyfriends? I got none. I'm married. I've been married for 10 years. Oh, okay. Okay. So you married the one of your, the one of your baby father baby. Yeah. Baby. Yep. Correct. Okay. Good job. Good job. Good job. Did you tell him about your, like did you show him your hoax before y'all got married? Did you show him like No, No.


I was actually the, the unexpected young mom at 20 out of my friend group. But I was the one that like graduated with my D card. And all my friends were like, you know, I guess trying to push me to like give love a chance. Oh they were trying to push me to give love a chance 'cause I was too busy out here hoeing. Yeah. Hell no. No. Thank, thank you Paula. Jesus Christ. When your friends gotta push you to give love a chance. You doing too much out here? Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's me from Detroit. Me from Detroit. We're talking about, where did the old ho go?


I'm gonna say about 70% of them go to Facebook. Jesus Christ. Boy, you ain't lying. Jesus Christ. You are not lying. You telling the truth. All Jesus. Thank you. At least About 70% Because Facebook is the place you go. And then you be seeing all of the girls that you knew that used to be hoes. You'd be like, oh, that's what she doing. Now What's the moral of the story? Jesus Christ. The moral of the story is city girls as hos coming soon. I can't wait. They going have The World in shambles. October 20th is the date. So October 20th. Yeah, that's right. No. Yes. Why? Why next week? Yeah. Why? Why? What happened? The city girls coming out next week. Yes. Why? Why?


Man, they about to have the fall in shambles. Real ass hos coming out next week. October 20th, man. Come on now. Come on jt. You sound like, sound like an old ho right now. I'm happy. I'm excited. He got mm next week. What? Let's go. I hope they got a record with sexy red. Shout to Kaha and jt. All right. They gonna have all, they gonna have the conscious community in shambles. Shout. The conscious community is not gonna know what to do with themselves when that real ass ho is by the city. Girls drop. You hear me? All right. Gets the breakfast slow. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne. God. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. That's right. She's on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa, congratulations.


And we got some special guests in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Will Packer. That's right. What's happening? And we have Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart. He's here. He's here. We here to promote Play Night. Kevin Hart. That too loud for you. So Kevin was supposed to be here early. Can I, can I tell you the irony of this? Right? Kevs hung over right now. But if you read the first chapter in Will Packer's book, he has a chapter called We Going Die Tonight. Right? This is true. And it's essentially this story. This is what you were worried about Will no And all seriousness. So last night, you know we're doing promo and everything for Fight Night. We're rolling out all the carpet of the carpets. So before the actual premiere. Premiere we announced it. But I had to leave 'cause I had to do Seth Meyers.


Yeah. And Seth Meyers has a segment called Drinking with Seth. You go to a bar and Seth makes these drinks or whatever and it's like, you know, for hour and a half to two hours you're drinking throughout the interview. What Could go wrong with that? And you know, I don't drink anything outside of my tequila at this point in my life. So, you know, grand Carino, anything else? Great tequila, by the way. Anything else I'm very unfamiliar with? And Seth said, let's close it out with your tequila, but let's start it with everything. So he threw it all at me. Like I'm talking what? It's Jaga meister and Wild Turkey Emini here. We were brown, we were dark Kevin, you too old. You Too old to be mixed stuff. But no is a complete sentence.


You can, but you have to understand the beauty of good television. And it was a good conversation, great interview. And while we're drinking for good reason behind the answers and we, we finished it with the tequila, we went through a lot And I, I just don't remember the, the back half of the the time. And that's why I didn't show up to the after party. I missed that. Right. And this morning at 6:00 AM I would've been here bro. Why couldn't you miss the after party after the garden that night? So y'all could have just got back to, you know, Atlanta Because we weren't Drinking. That's why I don't say why he's being a we Good time. It was our, we weren't up Like, oh man, where's my jacket? We were just out. I had a show back.


You guys the biggest movie of our career. Okay, where's a tampon? And he leaves Christ. He books Yes and no a Show at Madison Square Garden. He tapes a comedy special in the middle of our movie. He booked it. Right? And so he left the show in the middle of it, right? Biggest movie for Universe Studios. He leaves. But you know what he does? Because this is the evil genius of Kevin Hart. He goes, Hey man, I gotta do this show. It's next week. You know, come with me. He tells me a week before he goes, Hey, you know what you and Tim story, the director on? Come on. Like, he's like, I got the jet. You know what? Bring your wife, bring the wine wife the so my dumb ass. I'm like, you know what?


He brought the wine and you know what he said? He said, that way you can make sure that we get back on time. Because I knew we had to shoot the next day. So we were shooting one day. He's gonna go do the show that night and then we had to shoot the next morning on a location. We could only get that day. You know what it's called? He's like, come with me. That driver an alibi. So to get He's absolutely Right. You absolutely right. Well that's a lie. He's absolutely right. I can't think I'm a professional because the director and a producer were with me. Right? You can't think I'm an ass word. They would beat an asshole Too. Kevin has an amazing show at Madison Square Guard. All the celebs come out afterwards. We had an after party that he did not tell me about. I'm in there with Carmelo Anthony buying bottles going, oh, we dying tonight.


Why We turning Up tonight? Why wars have power? Why are we gonna die tonight? This is what, well, we gonna die tonight means we're having a good time. If you are choosing to die over life, how good of a time is that? Last night I didn't say we gonna die tonight. And I was like, oh, this is work. But I was in that club And I saw my career flashing before my eyes. 'cause I realized there was no way we gonna be able to get back in time. I had that moment. 'cause I'm sitting there looking at Kev And I realized we're not gonna make it. And Kev looks at me, me. He goes, well we tried. We tried. That was it. I looked at Kevin Hart And I realized that he had convinced me, the producer and director of the movie, to get on a jet with them. So that when Universal called and said, why are y'all over budget and not able to finish the movie?


And they say, well Kevin Hart, will, packer and Tim story were there. So the producer went with them, it would be on me. I was complicit. I realized that was his evil plan. All in all Along he Called him a diabolical rascal Spawn of Satan. Yeah, That's true Way. And he means that. That's exactly, that's exactly he means That I love him. But that's true. Or words never spoken, sir. Oh man. I'll, I'll ask you and your listeners what is a life without a great story? It's something that can't be talked about. It's untold. A life without stories is nothing. You need stories. That's right. Good and the bad. He's ing about a great story. Yeah, yeah. And by the way, that story did what amplified our relationship.


And look at where we are now. Fight night. Huh? We're talking about something else that we're yet in business and we produced and developed together. Do we get here without that moment? No, we do not. So why did you still wanna be his friend after that? After you figured that out, you could have said, you know what? This relationship no longer happens. See what I'm saying? But you decided to jump back in. You needed me. You Need a, you need a little envy. I'm so afraid that if I leave Kevin Hart's life, he'll just implode. Right? He just burn up on the spot. I just don't know what he'd do without me. I'll be honest With you. It's close to being over on It's bumps, isn't It? About you two That works so well. Because even like just hear what you guys in person, it's like I could, I could listen to this back and forth all day long.


Like Think it's real talk. We're each other's most frequent collaborators. Kevin done a ton of movies. I've done a ton of movies, TV projects. We haven't worked with anybody else more than we've worked with each other. I'll give you, I'll give will this on air and half of it is because I'm still drunk and drunk by the way, offer some of the best tequila in the Market. That's Meco Is not commercial, but it's just a time to let people know. Nice Little rubber beside when It comes to smooth taste and it comes to it elegant, Hard taste, different product. Well you gotta understand what and why. Grain Corino is that and has been that, which is why drink at the level that I do. But it's not about that right now. It's not about the product, it's about the passion. Let's get to that and we'll toast it that after with Grand Corino.


But I will say this about Will I don't get to where I got in career or business without the information and relationship of Will Packer. You know what Emini here, like when it came to producing and when it came to development or it came to packaging, will Packer is the guy that was the definition of what that was. So from the early days of Think Like a Man, he was the producer that came to me and said, Hey, I got this thing. I'm gonna do this thing. And I think you are the guy. And those are words. Words without action are just that. He put action behind the words. Everything he said he would do, he did. He got the people he wrd, wrangled, the directors, the actors, the actresses, the producer, partners, writers, et cetera.


He configured a way to formulate and activate. And I was like, God damn man. Like how do you do that? And he taught me, will taught me how to do it. And as I progressed, I never forgot who he was and what he was. So our relationship today is based off of never forget. Mm. Like you don't, you don't forget the real side of success attached to just care. He gave a fuck about me then he gives more fuck about me now in return I doubled down on my level of give a fuck about him. So I don't wanna win if I can't figure out a way to win with my brother. So the commitment that we made was, Hey man, let's figure out a way to continue. Although Kev, you're doing and you have, but how do we still do?


And I love the fact that we still are and we're committed to figuring out more ways to do more. And what you're seeing today is a definition of what we want people to follow through with. Like we are no egos, we are help your brother so he can help you. We are that. And I think it's the best story in Hollywood if people were more privy to how deep and like in depth it actually is. Facts, Right? Real time. Yeah, real time. All right, we got more with Kevin Hart and Will Packer when we come Back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laurens filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Kevin Hart and Will Packer Charlamagne The Fight Night TV show, right?


It shows these characters operating with Finn, a black world where they all hold power. So to your point Kev, how effective has that concept been for, for you both in The World of Hollywood? I think, I think it has been.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over at the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Life sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, Another one Gone BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker a bat and Another one Gone. A Tip for the Cap. Another one Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Effective enough. And I think you know, when you look at the Ice Cube and Kevin Hart of it all, all the middle comm denominator, packin, all right guys, let's do this. But let's make it cube come in and like there's always a a through line of connectivity and that person has to be willing to go above and beyond. Fight Night is the definition of going above and beyond. All right Kev, I got this idea. The idea came after I was supposed to do uptown Saturday night Uptown Saturday night was gonna be me and Chadwick Bozeman rest in peace to the legend himself. I had no idea, well I don't wanna do this anymore. I can't do that without Chadwick. That project is dead to me, will have the actual rights, the original story, the true story.


So Will came to me. I said, will I can't do a comedy because of this? Can it be serious? Can we do it in a way to where it's like a lot deeper, raw, real? He said Kevin, absolutely. Hey, the podcast was points me to the podcast that he was a part of that understood, et cetera. Alright, this is like real information Now, real knowledge will, I'm a with it because of you, but let's make sure that we try to go above and beyond to package it correctly. How do we do a premium cultural like piece of IP that has the bandwidth to live forever? And you can't do that without big stars. To get big stars, you need real relationships. So the leverage of understanding that we both shared and that we had at the top of get the studio's commitment, get the studio, the backend support, then go get the talent.


I gotta be honest with you, my guy was a big part of all of that conversation And I followed the lead of most. And I think where we were collaborative was dope and the outcome was amazing. Talent configuration. And now an example of what the business should follow through with That part is true. I will tell you that like, like Kepp has definitely reached a part in his career, a moment in his career where you know you've had success and it's like how do you grow? How do you work with people that you respect? And how do you build a machine that then empowers others? It's interesting, Charlamagne, you talked about like The World of Fight Night. Fight Night is really about a group of hustlers, dreamers, entrepreneurs who are trying to take Atlanta and turn it into something.


This is back 1970, right? Martin Luther King had just been shot a couple years earlier. Atlanta was like seen as a small country town that you know, had a couple civil rights folks. Like people didn't know if it was gonna be the next Charlotte or Birmingham. And you know, nothing wrong with those cities, but it definitely wasn't looked at on the level of like a global superpower or New York, Chicago, la you know, it was Atlanta and it was not respected. But you had a group of folks, which is not unlike how black Hollywood is right now, where you got a group of dreamers trying to figure out how do we work together. Now, of course in Fight Night you got, you know, a character who's Kevin's character, he's a hustler. He's going, yo, gimme a shot, gimme a chance. I can just turn Atlanta into something great. Chicken Man. Chicken Man, weirdly, Sam Jackson who plays the big gangster, the black Godfather in the show.


He actually has also got a dream too, right? Even though he is a big gangster, he's running the Black Mafia. His dream is saying, you know what, the white man's been holding me down for a very long time. If y'all give me a shot in an opportunity I can take over Atlanta, I could turn Atlanta into a black mecca. Oddly, even though like Kevin Sam's characters are at odds for most of the series, the reality is that they have the same kind of a dream. That's kind of how it is right now in terms of like folks like us in Hollywood in real life who were all trying to work together. Is it true that Samuel Jackson was really there in Atlanta during that time? Yeah. Right there dog. He was at Morehouse. Yeah, Sam owed us. Sam might hear this, Sam. I remember like we were, we were on a call with Sam at the start of it when Sam said like, yo, he liked it, he would do it. We were on the call, we going through the material, seeing what Sam said about the character.


Sam was like, yeah man, y'all gotta change a lot of the, because more happened then. I was like, well Sam, you know, I think we got the story, you know, 'cause we, you know the podcast and everything. Yeah, we got the real information. He like, I was there. Did he definitely did Sam. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Oh, that happened. Sam is, he's very adamant about telling you Yeah. Where he was. What he knows. So the story of Fight Night got better. It got so much better as we went on. How do you manage all these big ass personalities, bro, bro, serious, Kevin Hart, Roger Ps, Samuel Jackson, Don Te, how do you do it? That is the hardest part of the job as a producer. You know what Emini here and in real talk, it's, it's awesome when you got somebody like Kev who gets it, who understands at the end of the day what the bigger picture is.


But a lot of times, I don't care if it's, you know, Hollywood music, you know, stock market, whatever it is, tell The truth. People say, you say Kev gonna Right on Air Talk to, can you talk to them for me? What you say? How much do you argue with Kev though? 'cause he seems like he's a lot Bruh. Let tell you something, I'm the least and Then I'm the least problem that you will ever have in any work environment. That's true. And Unproblematic, He's unproblematic Emini here. The challenge with Kevin is that he will overdo things, right? He'll do things like have a show in Madison Square Garden at the same time that we have a big scene in our movie now. He's definitely the one. That's the one he's not, he's not a moderation guy. You know what Emini here, that's part of the Challenge show We Cheese. I Just ate that sandwich. That's why I'm here on The Breakfast Club. He eating this, this Turkey sandwich trying to get some grease in his cut.


It's still hot. It, it didn't burn you when you, you should at least let it cool a little bit. Come on animal. This Is what I needed. Yeah, this is it. Now what Hollywood so much. This is, I can't take listen, I can't take him seriously. He done a phenomenal job as Chicken Man. Yeah, but I can't take him serious in dramas. 'cause it just always seems like trying to Make you, you laugh. It's always jokes. Is that, But can I tell you something real talk Chicken man's his best work yet. Dramatic. I'm telling you, you look at what he's doing with his eyes and you know a lot of people, you know, it's known that comedians, they, they, they pull from pain, right? And that's how they deflect. And that's where a lot of the comedy comes from. Kevin's no exception, but the reality is that when he said we gotta do this as a drama, that was a big risk because people say All Fight Night. Kevin Hart star there, let's go.


I'm ready to laugh. Like you said Charlamagne. But the reality is that this is, it's serious now. You have moments of levity, but the tone make no mistake is dramatic. Like it goes there that You challenge yourself to do things outside of this comedy set. I just don't want this comedic role, I want this serious role. Do you challenge yourself or do you just take roles that come? None. None of it is a challenge by the way. I'm developing the things that I do. Nothing is coming to me. I'm creating the things or I'm a part of the process of how it gets to the final stages. I'm at that point. But I have no desire for the star of Kevin Hart to get bigger. That's so gone and done with. I'm more about the success of others. The success of the entity. The success of the brand.


Yep. And I'm more importantly the success of what we represent and what we can look back and say we did. Yep. That's bigger now than the conversation of myself. I did it. I'm done. What, what else am I gonna do at this point? All we got more with Kevin Hart and Will Packer when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Ro is filling in for Jess and we are still kicking it with Kevin Hart and Will Packer Charlamagne. Was It hard to find someone to play Muhammad Ali? And did you ever consider Will Smith, We gonna afford Will Smith. Very, Very challenging you over. Right. And I think that you gotta understand, obviously that's an icon he's been portrayed before. For us it was about finding a newcomer that wouldn't pull you out because these other characters you didn't know.


Nobody knew Chicken Man k Hart's character or, or, or Vivian Tara Roger's character or Frank Moton, you know Sam's character. But you know, everybody knows Muhammad Ali. So I think to have somebody in that role who you had some familiarity with and who you associated with something else would've pulled you out. And we really wanted to immerse you even with these big stars. We really wanted to take you to a time period, right? 50 years ago and really drop you in and be as authentic as possible. And we paid a lot of attention to the detail and the nuances to try to get this thing right. Boy, Boy did we choose, Right? Yeah. Come on man. This cast, and by the way, not just the big names that you know, like cats. I talking Muhammad Ali, oh, Dexter Dart. Dexter, Dexter Dar. You're gonna be hearing a lot from him. There's some, some young gunners in this cast that you're gonna be hearing that I, I predict you're gonna look back and go, yo, remember when so and so went toe to toe with, with Kevin Hart and Sam Jackson.


Lexi Dart. Yes. Melvin. Greg Melvin. Greg Miles, Bullock Squa Walls. Chloe Bailey does her thing. Yep. Lloyd Harvey jumps in, I think, I think you have the future. Yeah, my wife said that And I was like, I don't think that's Lori. 'cause she like, she looked so different, played Layla Hathaway. No, lo But I think you're, you're seeing an amazing example of baton passing. You're, you're looking at people that are established have been established for so long and Sam and Taraji and Terrance and Don. Yeah. And then you also have the second tear of talent that is a valuable piece of this puzzle where they're toe to toe with the big names and you don't blink an eye.


Right. You understand why everybody is there and you respect the talent on screen and you will still respect the story. You're never taken outside of the story. So for that younger generation that we were able to onboard, no question. It's a, it's a great example of what we want to do. No question. We wanna be the example for the next generation. The bridge. We wanna be the example for Global Success Four or the new star that popped on. Yep. If we are part of those stories, then how dope is that? Yep. That's the biggest side of the conversation of once Reese Celeste, Jalen Hall, these are names you gonna know. I was late here, I'll be late. Go ahead Lauren. Monique and Lee Daniels.


Yes. Just did the deliverance. Yes. Are we ever gonna see a reconciliation with you and her because she Emini here. I don't have a problem. I know that there's no problem reconcile. No, but she has said that like I know when she was doing club, she, she, and they talked about it and the she, she was talking about the phone call that happened from your team or whatever. Right. Is there ever gonna be a conversation that we hear you talk about where y'all two have another conversation about that and move forward? I'll challenge your question with a better question. Go Ahead. You've Been doing this for a long time. Do you ever hear me talk about anyone? Do you ever hear anything bad come from me? No. There's no problem between me, me and Monique, there never will be. There's no problem between me and anybody else. There's nothing to reconcile. There's no problem. So all these problems that have been attached to Kevin Hart, they're one sided.


I don't have a problem with anybody. I agree with that. It takes problematic Text two people Right. To have a conflict. That's what it has to be. It's, It's not A thing. Social media has us up to the point of what you hear is what you're forced to believe. Got you. You do not understand like the common ground for a truth is always a conversation. And if there ever is a conversation that you're not forward facing in a public statement ever, I didn't say anything about what I did for Monique and my gestures of you never would've heard it. That's a, it's a one-sided version or reason for, and by the way, I have no rebuttal to it. I stand on the side of I'm unproblematic. And if me and Mo wanna do or could do or would do, we will.


That's but that's a me and Mo thing. Yeah. Like the, this new thing that people are like, lemme tell you something world. Yeah. That's a very, like, that's a, I I wanna be honest, I'm 45 years old. I'm 45 years old and by the way, team or not, it's not hard to find me. Yeah. Like, you know what? My schedule is online So she hasn't hit you since all of that stuff. Me and Monique have had conversations and those are me and Monique's conversations. There you go. Before and after. There you go. That's called adulting. There you go. I don't, I don't. Unad adult. Yeah. So all of these new ways of conversation and finger pointing, it's very easy. But you know what? That's what I like about the movie fighting that, right?


'cause it seems like they show each character in the movie as a hero in their own story, but a villain in somebody else's. So you see those, yes. She's always different. For somebody, it's a dual, it's a super complicated narrative, which are my favorite kinds because your protagonist, right? Your quote unquote heroes are very gray and are very flawed like in real life. And your antagonist are people that you root for. That was, those are my favorite kinds of narratives. I love that because we all know The World is not black and white. Right? And so you're absolutely right. It's about complex people at a complex time. And that's really what the show was. There's Not a bigger supporter for the movement of people doing good. And Monique Lee Daniels reconciling that relationship however it happened, great dope for them.


Did a movie together after Great story. Dope for them. I wanna see more keep doing great the conversation of anything else negative attached to a person's and their reservations or feelings. To me, I wanna see nothing but good for all. Like I would love to see us all win. I would love to see us all at a table where we all can do, if it happens, great. If it doesn't, I guess it wasn't meant to be. But you can't have a stance of negativity. Also a like a real initiative to move forward and like motivate, inspire, create, or do whatever. You can't be both. So it's either like you are one or the other. And if you are a part of creativity, inspiration, collaboration, motivation, connectivity, then that has to be it.


And whatever you gather along the way and whoever you align yourself with along the way, well y'all all a part of the same story. If things fall apart through the duration of it wasn't meant to be on that train. Some people miss a train. It's just life. Some people don't make it. And time to catch the train and the train that's going to go is going to go. Why do you think trains can't stop fast? They're moving. So either you are on the train but you're not. And if you didn't catch the next train, that's life. What makes it successful? 'cause you know, Hollywood didn't change before it was blockbuster movies. But now Emini here, there's so many other platforms to put your movie on. Yeah. So what is Successful for? But you know, there's still qu quantitative metrics that they use to determine quantitative learn that at HBCU, brother just let me know.


He ain't never been. Yes Did I'm just, well why is it because reality is that you still have ways that you can determine how, you know, how many people watched it if the audience was into it, if they were engaged. And that stuff is important. And so that is definitely a part of what we do. Honestly though right now it's about I just want people to feel stuff. You know what Emini here, I wanna feel like we're touching the culture. You know, I wanna feel like whatever it is that we do, we don't have people feeling like we wasted their time. That's, that's the point that we at. And Inclusion, the big takeaways for audience are very simple, man.


The first one of course is fight night. Now, now streaming on Peacock. Do yourself a service and us a favor. Go watch it. A very good show. An amazing story that I think should have been told a long time ago. But for the city of Atlanta that we all know and love, it's a great highlight of how Atlanta got to be what it is now. Facts, understanding the early stages of it, understanding the origin for us all, especially people of color, culture, we need to know. Yeah, it's a great story. Eight, eight parts, eight part limit suit. It's eight parts, three parts out right now. Dropping one per week if you, if you're like a lot of us, you looking for, what's that next series I can really get into and really get into the characters and follow week. It's really good. We are challenging you. Let this be your next series. That's what I want you to


Lastly, want everybody to vote. That's the last thing I was saying I'm gonna tell you to vote for. But we will be remiss we didn't get on this platform and say that it's real. It is real. And these are challenging times. Make your voice heard one way or another. It matters. You can tell me affects voting for Kamala Harris. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. No question. I appreciate that black man. 'cause we need more of us saying that. That's right. But that's my choice. That's what I choose to do. Talking About politics because I need Everybody. It's thank you family, we appreciate y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. He Gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day.


It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to Be a fake ass Charlamagne, there's only one Charlamagne, TOAG Everybody. So stand Who you giving Dusty Day to Now Listen, donkey today goes to Charles Christopher, who's 24 years old. Jordan Leonard, who's 25 years old, Taja Rose, who's 22, and DeAngelo Spencer, who's 26. Every single one of those individuals, a part of a nine count federal indictment charging them with committing armed robberies at several businesses in Los Angeles County. Question man, what's going on in prisons nowadays? I, I seriously want to know because when I, when when I was growing up I saw Oz where men, you know, were getting their chocolate starfishes scratched and you know, things like, things like that.


Like watching these turd burglars breaking into other men's booties that let me know prison wasn't no place to be. Okay? They had a documentary called Inside the World's toughest prisoners. They had Beyond Scared straight. They had all these images of prison that let us know this isn't where you want to be. Clearly that has changed because I feel like there are young men out here literally campaigning to be America's next top inmate. See, according to People magazine, these four young men allegedly had what is described as a la robbery routine. They would drive up to a seven 11 or CVS pharmacy in their blue BMW with the Pooh Sheisty mask on. They would pull out a gun and demand cash from the register or drugs from the store. Okay, armed robbery, I get it.


The problem is it doesn't stop there. After they would do these robberies Emini here, literally every time they would post on Instagram, okay? Over a seven week period from early November until Christmas Eve 2023, these four young men committed a slew of robberies. Okay? When an article says you have committed a slew of something, that means a lot, a large number of things, Just say slew, slew, slew. Okay? Now they robbed all these seven elevens and got about $7,617 in cash along with thousands in CVS pharmaceuticals, which the article says they would later sell, but I don't know, okay? When I hear what they were doing sounds like they might've been using more than selling.


Now these guys I told you would pull up in a blue 2011 BMW 3, 2 8 i four door car every single time. The indictment describes it as distinct. Meaning everyone knew this car, everybody knew it was them. This is what happens when you watch Powell one too many times. Okay? Tommy had a blue mustang at the scene of every damn crime he ever committed. So y'all decided to do the same with a blue BMW. Delete your star app right now. Okay? This is too much. Now on November, back in November, DeAngelo Spencer made a series of post to Instagram before and after the alleged robbery. I really want to know where y'all think y'all be at when you be on social media.


Okay folks, act like social media is some whole other dimension, some whole other earth like we Earth 6 1 16 and social media is Earth 1 0 0 0 5. All my marvel heads know what I'm talking about, but some of you really act like what happens on social media doesn't have any impact on you in the real world. I don't get it. But Christopher would post on IG all the cash on another post he would, he would be in all black clothing with his poo sheisty mask pulled up to expose his face. Yes, the indictment claimed his all black outfit matched with the robbery suspects were wearing. Were wearing. Okay, let me describe some of these posts for you, man. One post, one of the men published photos of a bunch of a hundred dollars bills with de caption loading up.


Okay with a, with with a sunglasses wearing emoji with the smiley face and a green check mark. These guys also robbed the same seven 11 twice. Okay, took cash outta three registers, then posted on IG later all the money with the caption stacks of cash. Another time one of the guys posted on IG following a robbery, a picture of a bunch of piles of cash. He professed his love for his homies by putting my bros and he tagged all the bros who helped him commit the robbery in the picture. No, listen to the caption of this one. This is a good one. One of 'em put stacks of cash that they just stole from seven 11.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly Changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone BA Bam, Another one Gone. The Cracker the bat and Another one Gone. A Tip Bud. A cap is Another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and with did you know? Did know I wouldn't give up my seats nine months before. Rosa, get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And he captioned it with Love My bros. We go hit every time. Oh boy. Oh this one is good too. After they stole about $2,130 worth of pharmaceuticals from the L-A-C-V-S, one of them put all the medication on Instagram and advertised the stolen medication for sale. The caption said I got Sir. Now they in jail, okay with no lawyers as of this past Wednesday. They have no lawyers. All right, two of them pleaded not guilty to the charges and were ordered. Jailed without Bond. Another one hasn't entered a plea yet. The other is slated for arraignment. These young men need to have courses. How to go to Prison for Dummies. Emini here. You can't not tell me that these guys aren't purposely trying to go to prison so they can do some poop shoot plundering.


There's nothing left to do here before we give 'em the He haw other than play a game of guess what race it is. All right. Charles Christopher Jordan. Leonard Taja, rose DeAngelo Spencer robbed a bunch of seven Elevens and CVSs every time they would rob the seven Elevens and CVSs, they would put everything on Instagram. DJ Envy. Guess what? What race it is Black. Damn, damn. Down, down. Why are they driving A BMW And the m BMW is a black man's wish. Everything that you said, everything Poo Sheisty mask. Okay, Just, I love my Bros adding them, showing the cash online.


Just hilarious. Charles Christopher Jordan Leonard and Tasia Rose. DeAngelo Spencer. They would rob a bunch of seven elevens in CVS and post all of the stolen items on Instagram. Just hilarious. Guess what? What race It is, Blake. Damn. Damn, damn. Why y'all think these people black? Just everything on social media we're literally our own detriment. I I don't know any white Asian DeAngelos either. What Do you DeAngelo? Whose name is DeAngelo and his name Leonard. One of our named Leonard. I know a biracial DeAngelo. Listen, Charles, Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja Rose and DeAngelo Spencer are not black.


Hell no, They're   That is powerful at work. There's a difference. All right. Please give Charles Christopher Jordan, Leonard Taja Rose and DeAngelo Spencer the biggest. He haw There is a difference. There is a difference. But not the er. Why couldn't they just be N-G-G-A-S? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. These are oh, They not, they not, they're not my they them nigga. They don't. Okay. There's a difference between them. Thinging. My thing is, and then them niggas, they from they away from them niggas over there. Okay? Them niggas, they away from them Niggas, old niggas. They away from Snoop.


Yo. Yeah. Yeah. I can agree. All right, well thank you for that Donkey of the Day. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jesse still on maternity leave. Lauren Laro is filling in and we got a special guest In the building. I didn't even know it was him. I seen him in the hall. I stood, I was like, I was looking like, what rapper is that? I said, What? What New York rapper is that? The funny thing is we said, Marlon look like a rapper. Don't no rappers love the stage. Like Marlon this stage. Yeah, he stay working stage. He never wanna be home. He on the watch on comedy tour right now. He hate his house. No. You know what I do kind of hate my house.


But the thing is, I just love working. I've always loved working and finally I got something I love to do and I'm getting better And I just go the more time I stay on the stage. And I think because I started late, it's not like I'm tired of it yet. Right? So most, most of the time I'm like dyslexic with life in, in my career. Like you supposed to start out doing standup. I started out writing and producing and creating, creating my TV show when I Wayne's brothers when I was like 20, you know, writing and producing my own movies from with my brothers from Don't Be and Menace, the Scary movie. You doing my own stuff, haunted a house. And then at 39 I was like, yeah, I think I'm gonna take standup serious and I'm gonna go do standup. And everybody's like, why the fuck would you do that now you already made it.


And I was like, 'cause I think there's, there's more to get. I think I, I could be better. I've been a star for 20 something years. I wanna be a, I want to be a superstar and the only way to get there is just doing the work. So I just started doing standup. And You, you had your four, I remember one time you came here, you said you had four specials. Playing is gonna be God Loves Me. Good grief. Now you're doing the Wild Child to says Wild Child, the third and Thumb. No, 'cause I'd been, my first two already was, it was the first one was Wiles. Second one was, you know what it is, it was on HBO max. Third one was God Loves Me the fourth one. Good grief. Between that I had the headliners, which was me and my, my my boys. Sidney Castillo, Tony Baker, DC Irvin, shout out to all my people, Issa au McGraw.


And then now I'm working on the Wild Child tour, but I probably named this one Skittles. And I'm, I'm ready to film this. Like now. The more I keep doing it now I got like two hours then that's really hard to cut down to an hour. So I wanna hurry up and do it so I could, I know my next three. So for me, I'm, I'm, I want to get this done and retire it so I could, you know, clear the canvas and paint something new. So what is Skittles? Taste the rainbow. You really about to Just say you really, you here for last? You here last time was here Last time I was here. You was here last time? Nah, it's, it's kind of owed to my, to my, my my trans child. Got you. Gotcha. Shut Your ass right up. Huh? But no, that's what Emini here, that's what I feeling. I said you gonna tell everybody because everybody was giving you flack because you posted all The pictures.


I tripled down. I don't, I don't, I don't believe in, no, no, no. You wanna start this. We going, we gonna keep going. We, we gonna keep on going? No, I'm gonna keep on going. We gonna keep on digging. No, you started it so you know, but it, it's a, it's not even about them. It's really about me and my transition as a human. I throw myself under the bus. 'cause I wasn't with, I wasn't like, yeah, this is great. When they first, you know, this decided to go down this, this, this road. I was against it. 'cause I'm like, yo, you're not looking at life. You know, you, you're doing this now in your youth. You may regret this when you like 45 and you have a kid and you ain't got no to breastfeed Jesus Christ. So, You know, as a parent I was like, you know, protesting.


But at the same time I went through this journey from ignorance and defiance to complete acceptance. And I just think a lot of people need to hear the truth and hear a story. I tell funny truths, things that, you know, hurt me or things that, you know, I, I, I'm, I'm imperfect and I'm not all the way, you know, there. I don't always have the right answers. But I, I think it's good to be human and be human on the stage. Because when you talk about truth now you're not just telling jokes. Now you're actually healing. There's people in the audience. I got people coming up to me after my shows crying like, oh my God. And they did it with good grief and they doing it now with the Wild Child tour. It's crazy. But does your son get offended? Does your son say Dad enough now? Like you, we this is, you've been on The Breakfast Club twice talking about it.


You've been talking like, enough is enough. Oh, They tired of my but see you like your college pay for So what I, I gotta news. I got, I gotta talk about things. I'm sorry baby. You know that dad going to do what he do. I always wanted to know what with with your son, did you have to sit down and say, okay, well explain it to me, break it down. Because we come from a different place where jokes is jokes. Did you have to sit down and be like, explain what you want me to say, what you want me to call you, how you feel, this that, and you have, do you have to go through that? Listen was so damn confusing because you know, they started with pronouns and I'm like, look, I went to public school in New York City. I don't know about no pronouns. I know nouns and verbs. That's all they taught us. You know what Emini here. So they broke it down and all this and it's just, it's too much. And then I got a change from calling them. She to now he and they, and I'm like, they, it's two of you.


What's, what's, I don't, I don't understand. Oh my God, I'm just, they are the most confusing one. I'm just so confused. But they took me through the tutorial and they know that sometimes I still, because you know, for 23 years you were her and now they, and they, and they give me grace. But you know, they Know, he knows you still love Him. They know I love him. They, they, they, he, yeah, they know I love him. I, I'll fight, I'll die for 'em no matter what. Don't matter. You know, that's my child. You know what Emini here and, And I think all parents should defend and pull up for their children. You know, that's my child, ain't I not, I I I want them to be happy and if that makes them happy, I'm happy for him. We saw you come to Bootsy's defense when he, the back and forth was happening online with his daughter.


Yeah. Have you guys spoken, like, do other parents call you because you're very open about your journey, right? No, I get Franky people fried me up for coming to his defense. But they did for sure. But I wasn't coming to his defense. I'm telling people, Hey man, y'all mind your business and let families work out. They, that's private between him and his daughter and they don't need your fuel and they don't need my fuel. But I'm telling you, when you are ironing out your personal problems, that's between him and his daughter. And everybody got something to say. That's what I don't like about social media. That man is dealing with his child and they need to express themselves and hold space. We live in a, a society where we are unforgiving and all we do is add fuel to fires and watch it burn and applaud.


And I'm, I'm just like, yo, let them let that man hold space. It takes him time. When it first happened to me, it took me time. You can't expect somebody to instantly be, be like, I accept everything. It takes time. And God has his way of talking to each and every one of us. We all going to have our sit down with God. I had mine, you know, and he will have his And I hold space that, that man changes his point of view and that him and his child come together and love each other. Like any black father and black daughter or white or daughter, father. Period. That's what I want time. I agree with that, but I agree with that. But the, the the, you and your child didn't work it out through social media?


No, we didn't. Like boozy was in interviews talking then. Yeah, because my child, Ben unfollow me And his child replied to the interview. He did? Yes. That's the problem I'd be having. Like, don't tell your personal business in these interviews if you don't want The World to have an opinion about it. Yes, But you know, and that's to their fault. But they figured it out and you know, as they should. But I just hold space and hold space for prayer and hold space within myself that people can grow up. That people can change. Every person should have the opportunity to change. Even brothers that are in prison, there's a reason why there's prison. It's time for you to sit and time out and have conversations with God and reform. But when they come out, we should applaud them for the time they did.


They did the time. Now let's hold space that they're better people. All right. We got more with Marlon Wayne when we come back. He's on the Wild Child comedy tours, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Now we're still kicking with Marlin Waynes. Now let me ask you a question. Oh, Adam got myself in trouble again. You Said prison. I'm just, I'm just curious, how many times have people asked you, have you ever been to a Diddy party? They Pulled up that tweet. What the fuck they gotta do in prison? How you get that? Because did prison made me think about it. I seen the baby oil behind you. Just Made me think about it. Oh, that's crazy. You do have a baby oil. Alright, so here's the thing. I've been to 10 15, I know Puff since he was puff. I knew we went to college together. So I went to Howard. I always, always wanted to go to Diddy parties. He's at the hottest parties in DC Right.


I was too young to get into those. But when I got to LA and throughout the years, the nineties, come on man. My biggie And I, I've been around a long time And I will say this, I've never, I've been to maybe 10, 15, some of this house I've never seen. I have never, you put a detector test on me when they're like, oh, well there's video's. Great. Show me you going to see me sipping Ciroc and maybe pushing the deli on to the side because that too strong. But you, dusty And I, A little sugar. You gotta put a little, you gotta put a little Ciroc in your deli on. And, but you know, I, I've never seen any of the stuff that they say happened.


I never been to a freak off. That's just not, and that's just not my vibes. That's not Wayne's vibes. I, beyond that, I gotta honor. I go to a party, whatever. But I always got my mother, my father and God. And you can be around things and then go, yeah, this, this, this ain't for me. Right. That's just never been my vibe. I don't get off. I don't even like watching porn with BBC. No. I want my to be the only BBC in the room. When you hear these stories though, like, and you know, they, they be tragic stories. You hope that none of this, you, you hope it's not true. But you gotta listen to the, you know, the alleged victims. Yes. Did you have jokes immediately? Like when you read some of this stuff? A billion of them. Oh. Oh my God. I, I, I hear puff up. I said, man, I got some jokes for you.


I'm not sure you wanna hear 'em right now. Did he respond? Oh listen, I hear him. I, I've known these guys my whole life. I've been growing up in Hollywood. When it happened to Russell Simmons, I had Russell Simmons up And I said, Hey, having a terrible week. So yeah, I hit them up on their worst day, you know, And I, I hold prayer because I know the kids and I'm just like, And I'm not excusing any of those actions. I saw the Cassie tape that hurt my feeling And I, it hurt my feelings to see a black man do that to any woman or any man do that to woman. I wasn't raised like that. Right. But a, as much as I see that video And I hurt for her, you know, there's a, a part of me that hurts for that little boy in there that was taught that kind of toxic behavior.


I know you there And I pray that he hurt, he heals. I pray that he, like he's sitting with God right now. I don't need to throw that man under a bus. God is talking to Puff right now. And that's between God and Him and whatever happens happens. And that's between him and God. But I'm gonna pray for those kids. I'm gonna pray for the family. I'm not gonna act like it. Stuff didn't happen. And I ain't gonna act like I ain't got no jokes. I got some wonderful jokes that I got in my show. You got a baby when you went to the, Oh, everybody got a baby old joke. He got a thousand bottles of baby all Bottle. But everybody got jokes and he know what it is and the kids know what it is. But you know, I don't want to kick command when he down. Absolutely. And I think, like I said, man, I, I know, I know that family And I, I I, I pray for him all, you know, You know also too, man, that thing I love about comedians.


Comedians say things and have conversations that everybody do be thinking. Yeah. We have to have comedians in The World. Yes sir. I like, like God created y'all for a special reason. Yeah. Like the same way there's doctors and you know, lawyers, like you need comedians in The World and you Need, you know, you need journalists, you need people that, you know, sit there and ask the hard questions. I seen you had that lady sweating the Trump lady. She was Oh, Laura Trump. Laura Trump. Yeah. She was sweating up a storm, started looking just like her father-in-law. I said this, This, This crazy, you made the white lady nervous. So let me, let me ask a Question. So, and you can't go over there and get no love for mom. She was like, anyway. Oh, she was about to roast Lauren every time she said Period. She was on there.


So, so Damon's coming out with Papa's house. Papa's house. That's what him and him and Lil Damon and that CBS Make sure y'all check it out. I've been down to the set. It's a really funny show and you know, Damon don't miss and him and his son Lil Damon's brilliant. And right now there's like 62 Waynes is working over there. So you know, the whole set is is all Waynes and He do y'all seem like a textile? Like, hey man, new show who wanna help? Like, like how does that go? Like a family group chat Organically happens. Not busy. Yeah. Like my sister Kim is one of his showrunners on the show. Wow. So she's writing on the show. We like to have family now. Wow. Because my family like, see that's why that magic joke happened. 'cause I had nobody around with He like no Say no. Oh.


Oh. Damon would be like, mm. Keep that one. I got a little something more you can add to it. Do you realize that's one of the funniest Breakfast Club interviews? I don't even like to talk about it. Which, which one? When Damon Wayne was Up here. Oh, I think that's the one that made him stop doing standup. Because that's why Damon be standup. Damon don't be stand up because he feel like The World became so judgmental. And I think he's right, but he's not, what I found is The World is judgemental on social media when I go to comedy shows. That's right. People want to laugh, bro. I agree. The audience wants to laugh. The social media got the, the studios up. They're not making sc comedies 'cause they're scared to make comedies.


They don't think people wanna laugh. And I'm like, you are so wrong. And that's why I'm we coming back wearing the four or five we about Don Hall in them that people need to laugh. And I, I know my purpose, you know, I, I look at how depressed The World feels and we need to laugh again. Like I don't care where it comes from, how it comes. You take the darkest subject, the darkest topic, and you go, here's what's funny. That is what my job is. You know what Emini here, you can't criticize a fire man for not putting out part of a fire. That's right. He goes into burning buildings to, to find bodies. I go into burning buildings to find jokes and that's what I do for a living. And I'm never gonna not tell jokes. Period. And if you get canceled, good.


You know what canceled means. That means that the the real s is staying and them ass went home. Yeah. Everybody don't got the backing that y'all, some communities are scared because they can't just walk away from stuff or they're scared that brands walk away from them now ain't got no money, they don't have no ability. Like you guys have a It is different for the way stand. They got the Stage though. No, you Got the stage because we have a brand, right? Our brand has stood to test the times we started in the eighties. Right. Damn. This is generational. And now probably 40, 40 years. That's beautiful. Between me, Damon, Sean, Keenan, Kim, that's 230 years of comedy between each one of us. Like we are masters at joke telling people trust our brand with finding the light.


When we did in Living Color, you know, Damon doing and, and, and, and David and David doing Men on Film. That's the first time gay people were introduced into your living room and people felt like, oh this is safe. Even gay people loved men on film. Because the way we do things is we try to do it with kids' gloves. We want the people that we making front of to be like, oh, that was funny. That's why you can't cancel us for white chicks. You know, love white chicks. The most white chicks. So the people that we send up usually laughed the loudest. And I'm sure people need to laugh. So that way's brand we coming back With the comedy tour Ab No, My bet Didn't say what the Comedy Tour, but I'm on the comedy tour.


The Wild Child Watch Out. The point is, So the name of the tours everything was got, huh? The, the Wayans brother Comedy Tours, everything Was got, that was tricky. That was all, you almost got me. You almost got me on that one. But before we drop, drop, I got your number. I'm gonna call you And I'm, I tell you And I got your number. You Got my number. We appreciate you for joining us. Oh, You asked me all these hot questions now I'm gonna get a collect call from Diddy from jail. I'm magic gonna kiss me in the lips. This guy's stupid appreciate you. His Waynes is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D Djj NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And it's really, really simple. We are blessed to be a blessing to others. It's really just that simple. You are not just blessed for yourself. You were blessed to be a blessing to others. So go out there and be a blessing to others. Have a great day. Breakfast Club, bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?