
Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone for details.


Now trending fall and DSWs here with all the obsession worthy shoe trends you need in your closet. Feeling fierce DSWs got bold snake print boots and a retro sneaker with animal print details going for demure. Kitten heels are the eye catching yet walkable heel all over your feed and all over DSW From edgy moto boots to sweetly simple ballet flats. Find the must own shoe trends of the season right now at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Stay farm in DJ dramas from life as a gringo. No. Making smarter financial moves today secures a financial freedom for a successful tomorrow. Tackle these situations in stride and and yeah, of course, be annoyed when un unplanned expense comes up. But not let it be something that slows me down right as I did with repairing my credit. You know, hiring somebody to, to do credit repair for me. That was a, a gift that I gave myself that allowed me to then You know, get my first apartment. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm proud sponsor of Michael Tura podcast Network.


ODU is business management Made so simple, a kid could explain it. Sometimes business software can't talk to other programs. But du funny word has every program from CRM to HR to accounting in one platform. It should cost a a lot, but it doesn't. So you should use ooo because they save you money. ODU makes a lot of sense, but doesn't cost a lot of sense. Sign up now@ooo.com. That's ODO o.com.


Good job. Thanks. Welcome one and all to The Professional Homegirl Podcast. Before we begin today's episode, we wanna remind you that the views and opinions expressed on this podcast are those of the hosts and guests, and are intended for educational and entertaining purposes in this safe space. No question is off limits because you never know how someone's storyline can be your lifeline. The Professional Homegirl Podcast is here to celebrate the diverse voices, stories, and experiences of women of color providing a platform for authentic and empowering conversations. There will be some key king, some tears, but most importantly a reminder that tough times don't last. But professional home girls do enjoy the show.


Hey, professional home girls. It's your girl Ebony here. And I. Hope. Okay, I hope all is cute because y'all know we love some cuteness now. Okay, now before we dive into this week's episode, let's take a moment for a little bit of housekeeping. So y'all, I'm super excited to share that we are gearing up for the very first annual, the Professional Homegirl Turkey Drive. This has been a dream of mine for many years. And I am confident that with your support this year would be a tremendous success. Our goal is to feed 100 families in Memphis. And I need your help professional homegirls to make it happen.


As professional homegirls. Not only are we known for our gymnast de quois, okay, because y'all know we the baddest and the bestest, but we're also known for our generosity and compassion. If you're able, please click the donate link in the show notes below to contribute. Remember, every donation, no matter how small will go directly to providing turkeys for families in need. Now let's come together to make a meaningful impact this holiday season and show our community the power of kindness and support. Thank you all in advance for your generosity. Also, I receive a love letter from our professional home Gardena, and it reads, I just found your podcast. I am a rupture brain aneurysm survivor and had to respond.


I just survived one in April and this podcast is what I needed. Crazy good, how God helps you find what it is that you need. Wanting to reach out to both of you and thank you for your words, generosity and wisdom. We as women need this support so much. Look forward to listening to more. So shout out to our professional home girl, Dana, y'all, I really love when y'all send me love letters. So please continue to email me at hello@thephdpodcast.com. Also, we have a lot of listeners here, so don't forget to follow me on all social media platforms at the professional homegirl and at the PhD podcast. Hold me down, don't hold me up.


Now for this week's episode, my guest life took a dramatic turn when she met her ex on a dating nap. Despite a nagging sense that something was wrong, societal, precious led her to stay in this relationship. The situation became so tragic when she discovered that not only was her ex a serial killer, but he also took the life of their son Prince. In this episode, my guests will reveal the painful details of her journey, including her ex-Con conviction, currently serving life without parole. We'll also cover her experience as a single mother by choice following this devastating loss and the advice she hopes to pass on to her daughters.


We'll discuss how this experience reshaped her views on family courts trust and forgiveness, and how societal expectations influence her choices. Y'all get ready because My, Ex, Was A Serial Killer starts now. So to my guest, thank you so much for being on the show. Thanks for having me. Of course. How are you doing? How you feeling? Feeling good. It's You know. The struggle is real. It's a Thursday, so yeah, the whole week We was just talking about, I was telling her I think they putting something in the air because I was like super tired. And then she was telling me about You know it's the first week of school, so she's been super busy with her kids.


Yeah, I have, they're in two, they're in two separate campuses this year. So I feel like I'm being stretched in two separate directions. So it's been a struggle. Yeah, I told her to get a drink y'all. 'cause she look like she over it. Yes. Well, how was your vacation? It was good. It was really good. We go to Costa, we've been going to Costa Rica for like three years now as a family. Oh, nice. At the end of the summer. And it's just like always it's like my happy place. 'cause it's such a chill environment and it's like a place where you can sort of come off the stress of the United States. And so it's always a really good recharge.


Yeah, I love Costa Rica. What makes you go there every year? Like, I mean, I first went, it was like 2021 right after things. What? After They had really just like reopened the border after covid and I just, yeah, I just fell in love with it. Like it's just so laid back and a really kid friendly place. And so then I found a summer camp there that, that my kids can go to. And so they go to camp and usually Oh wow. So you like a local? Well, I don't know about all that, but it's a great, it's a great like language camp that they go to for a couple weeks in the summer and it allows me to like still work for part of the trip so I don't have to take off the whole time.


Yeah. And they have fun and we all surf and do just like You know, just really fun vacationy type stuff, so Yeah. And the food there is really good. Y'all so fresh. It's really good. Yeah. Amazing. Now I was telling you this off air, but when I was reading your book the whole time I was just like, WTF. So do you ever look back on your life and think to yourself like, how did all this happen? I, I have had those moments for sure, but I try not to be that type of person that's like, oh my gosh, You know. I'm like stuck in this victim hood of like all this stuff happening to me.


Right. I have learned that You know there's just, there's scary people out there, And, I think this could really happen to anyone. And for sure, I think I had, I I was fairly naive when I met him, so I think yeah, there's definitely like risk factors that I had that I probably, that I, that at least for me as a parent, I'm trying to teach my daughters Yeah. Recognize those sorts of things so that they do not repeat the same mistakes that I made. But yeah, I mean I I don't necessarily feel that I'm like highly unlucky or You know I have 'cause I 'cause I don't actually feel that way. I think I am very fortunate, And.


I've had a lot of amazing blessings in my life, but I You know. I just think, yeah, I, I am a person who had a terrible tragedy happen to me. But I think that You know a lot of people live through really terrible things, so I don't necessarily think that. Yeah, I don't, I I try not to dwell too much on like, oh my gosh, this happened to me because I also don't want it to be like a defining moment in my life. Right. You know. That's one of the, my next question about after all these years, have there been any misconceptions about your story that you would like to address? And one of the things that I felt like is very relatable is, is that this can happen to anyone.


Yeah. I think there is a lot of misconception. I think there's, it's actually psychologically protecting to hear about tragedies like this You know, hear about women and, and sometimes men too who fall in love with psychopaths and have horrible things happen to them. It's, it's protective to think that, to kind of take this mentality of like, oh, they must have been a bad person themselves or it must be something wrong with him that they that that they didn't pick up on this. Right. Right. And, I think a lot of people think that way because it helps them feel safe walking through The, World thinking like that could never happen to me. And, I think we see like a similar mentality with like school shootings for example.


People know that the United States is very dangerous. They know that we have this, this obsession with violence and yet every single time it happens they're like, oh my gosh, I can't believe this happened to me. And I'm like, really? Like can't. Right. So yeah, I think, I think it's just, I mean I think we have to sort of wake up as a culture and realize like, you are not immune to this. And typically people who are dangerous and scary like this, they're not gonna go pick somebody else who's also danger and scary, dangerous and scary. They're going to pick somebody who is caring, who is empathic and Just a good person. And a good person. Right. Yeah. They're going to come after good people because why would they go back?


Why would they go after someone as evil as they are? They don't wanna get themselves into it. Right. Right. So I do think that there is a common misconception or I don't even know if it's a misconception or really just, I think it's this protective mechanism. People have to try and focus on what the person did to get themselves in that situation instead of focusing on what is soci society we're doing that is creating these people. Yeah. You know. You also make another good point. 'cause my cousin, he thinks I'm crazy, but I was like, I think it's time that we start teaching my niece how to survive. God forbid there's a school shooting because there was just a school shooting Shooting what, A day or two ago in Atlanta.


And he was like, well, I don't wanna put fear on her. I said, yeah, but I also want her to be prepared, unfortunately. But that you want them to survive. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that You know. I think that we also need to start talking about toxic masculinity. We need to start talking about the culture of violence that we have in this country. Yeah. Just today at my daughter's school, there was a bunch of little boys that were taken off their shirts and wrestling on the ground Right. On school grounds. Right. And the parents were standing there laughing about it. And I was mortified. I was like, this is not funny. And they're, it's like, Lord, Lord of the flies And. I'm like, did you ever read Lord of the Flies? Like Lord of the Flies was literally about like the moral depravity that happens without like parental oversight.


Right. Right. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, why would you be laughing about this? About your kids sitting here fighting on school grounds with their shirts off right in the middle of the day. Like, and so I think about these things and I'm like, I think one of the misconceptions in society is that we, we don't like to hold ourselves accountable Mm. For the culture that we're creating. And then when it happens to us, we're like, oh my God, you make All surprise, surprise. I can't believe this. Like Right. We're all contributing to it. Right. Every single parent who was sitting there looking at that and not saying anything about it, and even my 5-year-old, I asked her, I said, You know, did any of the girls take off their shirts and start fighting?


And she looked at me like I was crazy. And she's like, no mama. They know we can, like we know we can't get away with that. And I'm like, You know, at five years old, we have already internalized here that women cannot get away with or You know. It's like somehow okay. For men to act a certain way. And so it's like, it's all fun and games until those little boys become men. Yeah. Who assault and rape people. And we all act like we don't know where it came from. It's like I know where it came from. It came from the playground. Yeah. When the boys were sitting around watching and not doing anything about it. You know, I have a whole section about this, but the, the other person that was also the culprit in your story I felt like was society.


Yeah. I mean it's not just so, I tell people a lot that You know, people are like, oh, well are you angry at your ex? Or like You know. Do you feel like justice was served? And I Think that the thing I tried to get across in my book was like my son's father is not the demon in the story. Right. Like, to me, yeah. It's not that he's not responsible for what he did. He absolutely is. And he's a horrible person who deserves to rot in prison for the rest of his life. Right. However, the demon in my story is the system. Yeah. Like the, like literally injustice system. Right. Because this man was enabled for over a decade and Yeah.


Son wasn't even the first person he killed. So we can look at this situation and be like, okay, he did this. But the thing that really keeps me up at night is that the people who enabled him are still walking the streets making the same mistakes, having not learned from what happened. Still protecting the law. Exactly. What was your life like before you met Prince's father? Because I feel like you was lit. Like you had a good job. You was a CIA agent. You had your own condo. I had a great job. I was overeducated. Yeah. I came from You know a a a good family You know.


I think I, I think like if I were to to describe me, I was very naive. You know And I was taught that you don't judge a book by its cover You know that's not what I'm teaching my kids. I'm gonna teach my kids. If you have a weird feeling in your gut about Books Or acts, You know it's okay to keep it moving. And that's not being mean. That's being self-protective, And I think. Yeah. Like I think there was somebody who right after my son died, had the nerve to say, well, You know Mother Theresa never falls for Saddam Hussein. And I think the whole idea was she was trying to say, oh, there must be something wrong with me because I felt Right.


And I was like, actually Mother Teresa is the kind of person who does fall for Miss Saddam Hussein because that type of person is gonna try to see the good in everybody. Right? Yeah. And so I'm like, that's your flaw. Like your logic is flawed. Now can you share how you first met Prince father and what were your initial impressions of him? 'cause when I was reading it, I was like, come on now. Come on now. I know, right? I mean, okay. I think I I say this in the book, like, society is a traitorous bitch. Right. Society is a traitorous B No, we gonna, we gonna curse. 'cause the whole time I was like, girl, like this nigga is trash. Like, oh, he sounded, He was terrible.


He was terrible. He sounded Crazy. I think, I think that You know, I, I won't lie, I was not in the best place when I met him. I was You know. I had just returned from serving overseas. And anyone who has been in sort of like a US government, overseas, state department, military, they're all sort of like similar in this way. People get married very young and it's typically, I was at a, I was stationed in a place where everyone was married. It was pretty, pretty much just like me and the really young Marines that weren't Yeah. And. I felt like I had just spent years with people being like, why are you still single?


Like, what's wrong with you? Why are you still single? Mind you, I was still in my twenties, so it's not like I was You know, like pushing 50 or anything. Right. Single. It was, I was, I was super young. And so when I came back, I think that was weighing on me You know. I felt like I was running outta time, even though that sounds silly now. You know, like in my early forties, I'm like, okay, like this is ridiculous. I had Time, but that's what society would make. That's how it would make you feel. Yeah. And And I And I felt like I was rushed. And I, remember You know it was, it really was a perfect storm. Like we had just had a snow mageddon in Washington DC I was just starting to sort of try to meet people and at the time, internet dating was not that popular.


I mean, everybody was doing it, but nobody was willing to admit that they were doing it. Right. And, but there was really, it, it was really hard to organically meet people similar to how it is now really. Right. Yeah. Because I wasn't in school anymore. I didn't wanna date anyone that I had worked with. Right. Been there, done that, didn't wanna do it again. Right. And And I was, I was kind of craving a relationship with somebody who was not in my circle. I was like, I want someone outta my circle. Yeah. And hindsight, I'm like, there is safety in dating someone who, like you at least can vet through friends, but that's a whole other thing. Right. And so another mistake I think I made was that because it was snowing outside and we couldn't actually leave, we had had several phone conversations and You know, you can't really catch a vibe for someone over the phone.


Like you're hearing them. And like, he was a great storyteller. And so we spent several times on the phone and by the time we met up in person, I kind of had this like false sense of loyalty where I was like, oh, I feel like I have to see this through. Because we had such a good conversation. And again, going back to like You know, the first time I saw him, he did not look like his pictures. Yeah. And, I had a feeling and a pit of my stomach. Like, I remember talking to my friend, I was like, Lisa, he doesn't look like my, the pictures. And Lisa's like, you gotta go, go just leave And. I was like, I can't leave. That's mean. And You know in hindsight I'm like, I should have left. Right. I should have just left. Yeah. But I didn't because I had this feeling of like, oh, well that's really mean to like look at someone and be like, oh, I don't wanna sit and have coffee with you because you like look a certain way.


You know. Yeah. But realistically, like when you're dating, if you think someone's not your jam, like it's not mean. You could just be like, okay, like you catfished me. Right. Like these pictures are not like, Right. I Mean, it, it looks like him. It just looked like he was much older and just there were something about the, his vibe that was off. I was like, it just doesn't, something's not the Way he dressed, the way you described him, the way he Dressed that something was off. Right. But I think the hard part and and like anyone who's dealt with a psychopath, And, I don't even say narcissistic personality because I feel like there is a difference between psychopath and somebody who's even just on the spectrum. But Right. People like this have a tendency You know, once they sort of have you in their grasp, they can be so charming that it almost just makes you forget.


Like you just see a different person. Right. He definitely lo loved bomb you. Oh, he loved bomb me. But he also You know it wasn't just me. Like he had people working for him. He didn't pay his lawyer more than $600 the whole year. But we were like, we were in that whole fight. I spent over 150 grand in 15 months trying to protect my son and he paid 600 bucks. And it wasn't because like You know she was doing this pro bono. Like she, she, I think she actually fell for him. Like, I Think, I think they was messing around with each other. It You know, I I could not come right out and say what I thought. Because you're not supposed to do that in books. You know. You're not supposed to. Well, you're Gonna do it on here. I didn't wanna be Sued.


Right, Right. But there was A lot of stuff, like even just the police, it's like, I, I will never know what exactly motivated these people to continue to protect him. You know I have theories, of course You know. Like I think, like I I have heard rumors that there was something that he had on the police. Right. That would certainly make sense given all like The ing ring That they did. Exactly. Like that would make sense. Right. It wasn't ever proven. No, but it just doesn't, like there's no, there's no logical explanation. Yeah. To why They behaved the way that they behaved. And knowing what I know from other police officers who were in that department, mostly female officers who were basically whistle blowing on them.


Like there was just some shady shit going on. Yeah. And I, I don't know. Right. Like, but see that's to me, like those people or the demon in my story. Yeah. Because they're still out there and they never had to, they never had their day in court. Right. And so that to me is scarier because he didn't act alone. You know. Like he just one single person could not have carried out the, the death and destruction that he perpetrated for over a decade if it hadn't been for people helping him. Yeah. Now I'll say this y'all, 'cause I don't want y'all to think that my guest was just all naive.


'cause my guest over here looking like a young Vanessa Williams in her prime. So Oh, I appreciate that. Yeah. So I don't want y'all to think like, oh, she ugly, this and that. Like, no, like this can really happen to anybody. Yeah. So with that being said, but also I'm so surprised that you said that you were so naive because being that your dad is from the south and he's like a a a black man. Yeah. Yeah. I'm like, he taught you how to be tough. So I'm surprised that you feel like Yeah. But see, I mean even I think like, I think there, there, there is a way And I And I described this in one of my opening scenes in the book. Like my dad had this way about him where he raised us as though we were growing up in the sixties in Mississippi. Right. Right.


And like, we obviously weren't Right. And I think that You know, part of the reason I put that in the book is I think that there is a, there's probably a deeper discussion that needs to be had about generational trauma. Right? Mm. I think a lot of people would read that and be like, oh my gosh, he was abusive. I don't, I didn't put that in there to say that I put that In. Oh, I didn't get that from that. But I'm also from the south too. So. Exactly. And that's the thing. And it's interesting because black people and white people have had completely different responses to that sea. Right. But the, what I was trying to explain is there was a way, like I was raised that when you are in danger, you don't flip out, you get out, you Keep getting composure. Right? Yeah. You have a certain level of composure.


And, I think that some of that is remnants of generational trauma. 'cause like we had to be a certain way. You know. Yeah. That's what we teach our kids. But I think that the interesting way that it played out in my story is that when I was in situations where I had to like talk to the police about what was happening, they had an expectation of a way that I should be acting based on what I was saying, And I wasn't acting the way they expected. Right. Now I didn't deal with black officers. Right. Right. All of 'em were white officers and, and perhaps they just didn't realize, they didn't understand what they were seeing. Right. Or there was something else going on.


Possibly. Right. Either way, I think I, I think even if you're prepared for it, I think there's still a certain level of ni naivete that you experience. Like You know, I think many black people or most black people grow up knowing that like police brutality is a possibility. But there's a difference between like thinking you're prepared for it and then how you act when it actually happens. Right. And so I think we also, in order to survive, we sort of have to live in this. Like we just, we have to have some of this like cognitive dissidence between like what we know, know could happen and like Yeah. Really feeling like it's going to happen.


And so even though, I mean, part of being trained at, at the CCIA is like, you're, you're trained to be aware, but you can't live with the level of hyper vigilance Yeah. Every single day. Right. Like, and so when you're on us soil and you're feeling comfortable and you're feeling at home, you're not gonna be living with that, that sense of hypervigilance. And you're not going to expect, like I think that You know we all take for granted. Like when someone tells you something about themselves and you're dating, like, you're not gonna be like, oh, I'm gonna just like run his social security number. Right. Right. And we also have to realize like back in 2010, 2011, like even just Googling somebody wasn't all that easy.


Yeah. Right. You know right now it's like you can, I mean, times Have changed. Times have definitely changed. And like I did Google him, there was nothing there. Right. He did change his name. Right. So I didn't have his real name, but I think even if I had had his real name, like the police, all the other things that he had been involved in, they had never released his name publicly. So like, unless I knew more information about him, there was nothing. There was nothing to find. Right. Right. And even ultimately, when I hired the private investigator, by that point I had had his social security number just based on paperwork we had filed for my son.


And so like, that's not something I would've had like pre him being born. It's not like he was gonna be like, oh, and my social security number is You know X, y, Z. Right. So I think And I, like, like I said, I mean I think we just take for granted, like if you see someone who owns their own house and they have car, they have been raising their other son You know. And presumably they work like you're not gonna just as like, I don't think anybody would make this. You gonna Take it for face value. Exactly. And like, I wasn't gonna make the assumption that he was living off like social security death benefits from the people he had murdered. Like Yeah. That Was crazy. Right. And so this just like, it was so completely out of my normal construct of like, what happens in The World.


Yeah. That You know, it's like, so yeah. Like he dressed funny, but other than that, like there and then, and then for someone to present to you, like You know, everyone's like, oh, you should meet their family. I met people who said they were his family, But I thought they were all weird too. They were all a little bit strange too. But like realistically You know when someone's like, I'm his aunt, I'm his uncle. And then you don't find out until you meet his real aunt uncle. Right, right. That these people were, were not even related to him. You know, it's like, how do You know? It's not like I was doing cheek swabs and like Right. DDNA tests to see if they were actually related. So I don't know. It's a mess. Like, it's, it's crazy.


But I, I also think that, I think that perhaps to the degree that it happened to me, it doesn't necessarily happen to that degree on a regular basis. But I do think that there are a lot of really problematic people in The World. Yeah. And You know, I have heard stories of women who get into relationships and the man steals the money or You know, like there's just a lot of really bad people out there and You know I hooked into a, a particularly terrible one. Right. But I, but I don't think it's as abnormal as people think. I think that it's just that people typically like this do not get away for so many years with what he got away with


Looking for the perfect night's sleep. Brooklyn Bedding has you covered with over 25 years in the mattress industry. Brooklyn Bedding combines top tier comfort and quality without the hefty price tag. Every mattress is designed and assembled by master craftsmen ensuring expert oversight. Plus they have a factory in Arizona and ship conveniently to your front doorstep for free. Choose from a range of firmness levels, heights and dimensions, including non-traditional sizes to find the perfect mattress fit for your needs. And with a 120 night sleep trial on all mattresses, you can rest easy knowing you are making the right choice. Visit brooklyn bedding.com to learn more and take advantage of their 25% off site-wide sale going on now


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com, the ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose french fries Over loaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care, I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com Now Chba and live the jumbo life BGW group. No purchase necessary prohibit by in terms and conditions. 18 plus


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business. None of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine ODU ODU has all the programs you'll ever need and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't ooo sound amazing? Let ODU harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@od.com. That's o d.com.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me, but after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Do you think there's a lot of serial killers walking amongst us? Because I think a lot of people do some weird shit. I think there are a lot of morally depraved people walking amongst us. Mm. And I. Think there are a lot of people I Like that, Who think that who if they thought they could get away with it be a lot Worse. They'll definitely do it. And, I think that people also don't realize that there are many people probably living amongst us who have killed people who have gotten away with it. Because if you look at my ex for example, like You know, I think he probably killed more than three people. I think the three about, I was just about to ask you That. Right. But he lived in New York for a very long time and and we never found where he came from in New York.


I mean, it was like literally he popped up in Virginia. And so You know, I suspect he had a whole life there and a whole bunch of dead bodies that nobody ever spoke with him. Right. You know. Another thing that I thought was weird was that he shared a bank account with a man. And you mentioned briefly in your book that y'all spoke about the concept of being bisexual. We spoke. It wasn't, it wasn't that he, Because I'm like, why is he sharing this account with this man? He was, he he wanted to, he wanted to be a swinger. But it was interesting because he waited until after I was pregnant to be like, that was part of his lifestyle.


Right. I think that, I don't know. I he calls this man his cousin. This man is not related to him at all. Right. I don't know what he had on this man or what was going on there, but I know why he didn't have a bank account in his name. It was because a lot of people were trying to sue him And He couldn't have any money in his name or else. All of the people, all the creditors and everything. You know. He was basically, I forget what you call those people, but, but like, he wanted to make himself to the point where he could do whatever he wanted to people financially. 'cause he had stolen money from people. He had done all sorts of crazy stuff and he just didn't pay a bunch of bills.


And so he wanted to make himself basically like sue proof. Man. I'm surprised. Ain't nobody put him down. I mean it's, it is, it is fairly amazing. But then if you think about it, like pe there's a reason people like this don't go after bad people. Right? Yeah. Because if you're gonna go after somebody who's gonna, who's gonna have have the same You know moral compass as you, obviously it gets One of us ain't gonna make it. Right. Right. Right. And so he, he knew that he was not You know. He didn't, he didn't go after people who were gonna come after him like that. Yeah. And I also got the sense that you might have felt a responsibility to fix or save the relationship because of societal Pressure.


I think so. I mean, I think like I, Because you really tried, I was raised in a, in a, I was raised with Christian culture where You know you stay with the father of your child. And I think that I certainly spent a considerable amount of time feeling responsible and worrying about my son not having a father. I mean, the irony is that I'm a single mom by choice now and like chose to have my daughters by myself. I have evolved in some ways. Not that I don't think men are important. I absolutely do think men are important. I think that kids need, kids need healthy role models.


And I think that societies obsession with chi, children having a mother and a father. And. I is misguided. And Yeah. You know, you look at like Barack Obama who was raised by a woman became president of the United States, clearly did well for himself. You look at Kamala Harris who like never talks about her dad. I think she mentioned him once. Right? There's a reason for that. Yeah. Yeah. She turned out just fine. So not to say that like You know, I I think it's great if, if people have both parents in their, their life. But I think that in hindsight, I think what I should have realized is that this man was toxic.


And, but, but another problem that our society has is that the way our family courts are designed, they aren't looking at making sure that healthy parents are attached to kids. They're making sure that parents have the the right to be attached to their child regardless of whether or not they're healthy. Yeah. And, I, And I also think there was part of me that knew that too. So I felt like You know maybe if I save him, maybe if I fix him You know. Which is one of the most dangerous things that women do often. I mean people, I mean, I've seen men do it too. Right? Yeah. Thinking you can change someone or fix someone is just You know.


It's it, it's an exercise in futility. Yeah. But you make a good point because I feel like as a single woman with no kids, And, I do desire to have children and You know, hopefully have a, a good man that can be my husband. I feel like since I'm so focused and trying to do things the You know the right way. Yeah. That a lot of people judge me. And You know. Sometimes it does get to me. 'cause it's like, damn, like all my friends are either You know, married or they have kids and stuff. And. I. Just know that what you water will grow And, I water my business. So I feel like when I was reading your story, it really resonated with me because I just felt like you just wanted love. But yeah, I feel like the timing of it, society just really just, it, it makes us feel like we not worthy or we are not woman.


Yeah. And, and that a real woman. And that's something that's hard about it. You know. 'cause like even now it's like I don't wanna get married 'cause I have feelings about being financially and legally connected to someone. But I do Yeah. Wanna find a person. I wanna feel chosen. I want I want Yeah. Partner. Right. You not dating, I, that's a whole other can of worms. Y'all know? I'm gonna try to get the tea. I mean Okay. Like I am dating. I am not. Okay. Good. I am, I am dating in the most casual sense of the word. I think that the hard part is, I think you have to be, I think you have to be open to finding a needle in a haystack.


I don't necessarily think there's one person for everyone only. It's just that like, it is, you have to go through a lot of bad tweets. Yeah. And at this point in my life, I'm struggling with time and You know trying to, to make the time between like my career and my kids and like all the things I wanna do. Right. It's A lot. It's a lot. That said You know. I am hopeful that one day plus the caveat is like, I really hate app dating. Like really, really, really hate it. Yeah. And I think it killed dating. I really do. I'm not gonna lie. So I mean, my listeners know this. I joined an online app, And I would have never thought at this age that I would be online dating.


Like, I hate it. Like, I feel like there's no real connection. I feel like the niggas is weird. I feel like it's Horrible and they can't carry out a conversation. It's like if I have another man text me good morning and that's it. I'm gonna, And what you doing? I'm not, I'm just gonna like lose my mind. It's like I, I don't know. I am awake and getting dressed like you have nothing else. I'm Texting you. Right. But then I feel like when I go outside, like men will stare at me. But I feel like they, they never come up to me. I feel like they intimidated by me. I feel like once they know who I am and like what I do and who I, who I'm affiliated with, I gotta make sure that they have good intentions. Like, I just feel like it's just so fucking ghetto. I think the hardest part though, and this is why I think app dating and internet dating ruined dating is that before it existed, people had to talk to each other.


Right. And so we've gotten so accustomed to like being trolls behind screens and like Right. Not taking You know, just like not taking chances and going up to people and saying hello. And it, it's hard because You know, unless you're in a social setting with someone, like work You know your kids' school, whatever Right. Places that you don't necessarily like want to be dating. 'cause if it doesn't go well, you're sort of right. It gets weird and It gets all weird. And so I I I don't know how to, I don't, I don't really know how to put myself out there at this age. You know with kids and with a career and like You know not all the time in The World unless I go on apps and then the apps are just full of just shenanigans.


Yeah. You know. And so I, every once in a while I like dip my toe in the water and then I'm just like, Hmm. I'm dipping right back out. Right. Right, Right, right. Right. Now I feel like you don't, I feel like after reading your story, you don't believe in an abortion. But I feel like you was kind of hesitant when, once you found out that you was pregnant. I say I didn't believe in an abortion. I, I don't, I I'm, I'm very much pro-choice. Okay. I think that for me, And I don't know whether I put this in my book. I can't remember whether or not I mentioned it. I had had one already. Oh no, you didn't put that in your book.


So the, the first time, my first time was not consensual and it resulted in a pregnancy. And I remember even back then, And I was pretty young. I mean, I was out of college, but still pretty young. Yeah. I remember thinking to myself like, You know I'm, I am pro-choice, but I also like love kids and feel very responsible. You know for like all of my actions. Right, right. When I had it, when I, when I had the non-consensual encounter when I was, when I was raped, I also was wise enough to know that like I, I was like, I, I cannot, I do not think I can bring a child into this world knowing how it, how it happened and also like potentially continuously being connected to this person Yeah.


That did this thing. And so after that, You know when, when I got pregnant with Prince, I guess in my head I was like, this is not the same situation. I'm old enough. And I have You know a fairly stable career. Like I, I can take care of this ch child. And like, I wasn't, I wasn't considering that I wouldn't end up with his dad. Like at that point I was like, okay. It, it felt to me like it would be irresponsible to make that decision. Right. In hindsight, I I I should have.


Right. Like I love my son and I'm, and, and I'm grateful that I got to, to know him for the 15 months that I got to know him. But I think realistically, like if I had had the option, I never would've wanted him to have to go through what he went through. Yeah. So, but, but I, I You know, it's like hindsight's 2020. Right. Like And I think that You know part of not making the decision to have an abortion was probably also somewhat trauma based. Yeah. I was listening to one of your interviews from a different show and you said that he, your son shouldn't have not been born And I was like, wow.


Like that was real. I mean it's, it's, it's sad. Right? And like yeah. I say that just being a complete realist. And I don't think, I don't think he should have ever been conceived. Like I should never have met his dad. And You didn't even enjoy the sex with him. Exactly. You know, like, I feel like I didn't get anything better. I was like, what are we doing here? I know. No, it was terrible. It was just, it was a terrible situation. And I think like, I mean if you've, if watch the like the movie Get Out, it was like I was in the sunken place. I just, yeah. There's no other way to describe it better than like, being completely in a sunken place. And, I think it, like, I think it's hard.


It's really hard to describe what it feels like to be in an abusive relationship if you haven't been in one. Because I think people are often like, I, I can't stand when people are like, well you should just left. It's like, right. Well that's like really sweet and like You know special snowflake of You supportive. Right. I think that that's possible. Like, or that's easy. Like Yeah. You know. It's like by the time someone shows that side of them it's too late. You know, like, just leaving. It's like, yeah, the woman before me tried to just leave and she's dead. Like Yeah. You know. So yeah. I mean, I think it's all, it's also really easy for people to make assumptions that You know just because of the way someone looks or whatever, that like, you're completely secure.


Right. 'cause I wasn't, Yeah. So what was the turning point when things started to go wrong? I mean, I think that it was probably when I got pregnant. I mean, I think he just, he realized he had me and he was not wrong. Yeah. You know And. I think that was sort of when the masks started coming down and You know, I really just started, I felt like I was chasing the person that I thought he was in the beginning. And that person was not who he was. And so I was like possibly trying to bring that person back.


Yeah. And I remember there was this moment where we were in like a deposition during our court case and he looked at me and it was like this moment where he was like trying to get empathy. And I almost threw up on him. I was like, how could you try? Like how could you now, like at this point when I know what I know about you. And so I turned to him And. I'm like, I know who you are now. So fucking knock it off. Right. And it was funny because like his face, it just like went right back to being a monster. It was like he turned it right off And I remember thinking to myself like, wow. Like that is such like he, that that is a level of evil talent.


Yeah. That is. If you could bottle it up, You know, you could probably like be very effective at warfare because I mean, just being able to turn it off just like that was so, so calculated. It's scary. You know and scary. Yeah. Because you You know when he was on, he, I mean he had people eating out of his hand. And I mean I remember what it looked like in court. And I'm thinking to myself, I'm like, how the hell do you believe him? And then I thought to myself, of course I believed him. Yeah. It was another part in your story when you was, I think you was sleeping and you were pregnant and you felt like you couldn't breathe.


And I'm like, is this nigga trying to suffocate Her? I think so. I think he was. Yeah. And he, when you woke up, he was standing over you. Yeah. Like it, it felt like You know. And I've had this conversation with his now adult son about what it felt like to be in that house. And it like, it felt like one of those like horror movies where there's like a house of mirrors and you're just like trapped. Yeah. House of Horrors. And you like can't figure out what is real and what's not. You know. 'cause he would do things that were just evil. And then You know, like even like the suffocation incident, like I woke up and he's hovering over me And. I'm just like, what the hell man? Like yeah.


And he, and he's like, oh, you must have had a nightmare. Oh, it must have been your hormones. Like, it just And I Remember thinking like, I just don't know what's real and what's not real. Like I felt like I was going crazy. But how could you not feel like that? Yeah. I mean it was just, it was, it was a, it was just crazy. Like, it, it was a whole, it was a whole crazy, it, it was a whole crazy situation. And You know, I think similar to a lot of abusive situations, You know, like they'll, they'll punch you in the face and then they'll make you think that like, you somehow punched yourself or like Right.


You did something, you fell on His fist or you, you like Yeah. You fell on his fist like you deserve it. Right. Or whatever. And, I mean. So it's, I think back to that time and I'm just like, You know. And it's interesting 'cause it's like, I feel like it was a different lifetime. I feel like I was a different person. I know that I'm like the essence of me. Right. Like the essence of me is the same, but I feel, I feel like, I just feel like I feel woke. Right. I feel like I Yeah. You found yourself. I also like, I, I understand The World, I feel like I understand The World in a way that I never could have imagined pre him.


Hmm. And I think it's impossible. Like I, I think sometimes I'm like, okay, did I did growing up in this like sheltered Christian community, like harm me in some way because I didn't see this part of The World. Like even from, I don't know if I put this in the book, but like, I remember being in elementary school and them bringing police officers in and being like, they're here to help you and this and that and the third. Right. And like, that's not what I tell my kids. Like, sorry, all police officers. Right. But like what I tell my kid is, if you ever need help, you call me. Right. Because it might be dangerous for you to call the police because they might get there and they may actually not be on your side. Yeah. And it's like a harsh reality, but it's, but it's real.


Right? Like when you start thinking about like, the way our systems work, And, I guess, like in some ways it's scary You know because like the pre but It's a reality. It's The reality. Right. So I feel like I'm, I feel like it's impossible to survive a situation like that and still walk around like somebody who doesn't know what's going on in The, World You know. Like it just starts to make you question like, okay, like what are all these things for? Right. But I also feel like given that you was a CIA agent, I feel like your expectations of the legal system is of course is gonna be high because of you technically is a part of that world. No, I mean FBI is like their law enforcement, but like, I I But still like you still have some type of dealings with them, right?


I mean, yes and no. Like, I think it's different though. Like I think that You know a lot of my job was was around like researching like international threats. Right, right. And that's like, or like international threat intelligence and things like that. Like that's, that's very different than like homegrown terrorism. Right? Right. Like I think that's, I, yeah. Like, I, I, I, I just, I think it, it is a very, it's, it's a very unique situation to be keenly aware of the type of crime that occurs on our home soil.


Like, I was not trained in that. Right. Like, I wasn't trained to be looking for it. Like Right. You know, and And I also, it it, like, it, it wasn't enough of my experience to even be thinking that it was at my front door. Yeah. And I, And I also don't know. I mean, I, I don't, I honestly don't know how you prepare You know kids, kids for that. Like, I think, yeah, I think I, I'm, I'm hopeful that I can talk to my kids about my experience without trying to transfer anxiety onto them just to be like, Hey, like you, you can't trust people. Right? Yeah. But I mean, I say this knowing that even after my ex, like I You know I've, I've had Or Trust your gut.


Trust Your gut. Right. Like, I, but I think, yeah. I mean, it's not, it's not just romantic relationships either. You know. Oh, no, definitely platonic too. Yeah. Like You Know, because bitches would be weird. I had a former business partner that turned out to be like, completely horrible. Yeah. And so it's like you just, I don't know. Like we, we all continue to make mistakes or whatever, and people continue to do this sort of thing. But I do think that, I think that with this level of trauma, it's like, it's, it's hard to go back to like that kind of like naive You know. No, you can't go back happy Person. Not necessarily, not like, I'm not, I'm a very happy person, but like, I think I'm just, I'm just aware of Yeah.


How The World really is. Which maybe makes me cynical and, and perhaps that's why I'm single. But, But I also think, I mean, given the journey that you've been on, I think is normal for you to feel this way because what you've been through would've broke a lot of people. Like you don't look like what you've been through. Well, I'm glad about that. Yeah. Because what you've been through was a lot. 'cause even thank God for your dad, because when y'all discovered that your ex raped your sister, And I have never wanted your dad to like, like pop off on him because I was just Yeah. I, I I could not believe that that was the next part of the story. I actually am very thankful that he didn't kill him that night because, because I couldn't imagine.


I think that would've been terrible. And it, it, it just, it, I mean, I think that, I don't know. It Would've been heartbreaking. It would've been terrible and it would've ruined many people's lives. And Yeah. I don't, I I'm just glad he was there because I also feel like if you didn't have your dad presence, I think that your ex probably would've tried it even More. Oh, I think so too. I think he was, yeah. I think he, I think he thought my dad was going to, I think he thought my dad was capable of killing him. Yeah. And so, yeah. I mean, I You know, I've said, I've said this to his older son before. I'm like, You know, 50% of the people who lived with this man in his adult life are dead.


We're the la we're the only two that survived. Yeah. And the son barely survived. Yeah. Like, I mean, he literally is like, the boy who lived like You know. I, I don't know. It, it's, it's crazy. I think that though, like, I think choosing to survive, and I've known a lot of people who've gone through really terrible things and, and similarly terrible things like people who've, who've had, I've met a lot of people who've, who've, who've had children murdered by their ex. Right. Sadly, it's a club that no one ever wants to be in, but we're in it.


Right. And what I typically tell people is I'm like, it's a choice to keep living. It's a choice to decide that you're gonna live your best life. And if you, if you decide, like if you, if you can't get past it, or you like You know, continue living in that misery. Understand that that's also a choice. Right. I think sometimes people choose to remain a victim. Like Yeah. They don't wanna get out of it. They don't, they feel like sort of some, some sort of comfort in that or what have you. For me, like I choose to live my best life because I know that that's the only way my son keeps living.


Like, if I chose that, like I could have also chosen to die with him. Right? Yeah. But I think if that, if I had done that, then he would've, then he, then there'd be no part of him that was still living. And, and also like, I think, I think that in many ways, like my ex, it would be winning for him. Right? Yeah. He wanted to destroy my life. He wanted to destroy me, and he didn't succeed.


How to have fun anytime, anywhere. Step one, go to chumba casino.com. Chumba casino.com. Got it. Step two, collect your welcome bonus. Come to Papa. Welcome bonus. Step three, play hundreds of casino style games for free. That's a lot of games, all for free. Step four, unleash your excitement. Woo-hoo. Chumba Casino has been delivering thrills for over a decade. So claim your free welcome bonus now and live the cumba life. Visit chumba casino.com BW group. No purchase necessary prohibited by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus,


Imagine relying on a dozen different software programs to run your business, none of which are connected. And each one more expensive and more complicated than the last. It can be pretty stressful. Now imagine Ooo, Ooo has all the programs you'll ever need, and they're all connected on one platform. Doesn't oo sound amazing? Let oo harmonize your business with simple, efficient software that can handle everything for a fraction of the price. Sign up today@oo.com. That's od oh.com.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Need to shake up mealtime gorton Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more.


Now, when you hired a private investigator, what were some of the things that you found out on top of him killing two other people? I mean, he has, which Was his mom business partner, the mother of, He had stolen money from multiple people. You know he had changed his name to his son's. Oh, that's, I didn't even put that in the book. 'cause it was hard to explain. So six months before his ex-girlfriend died, the mom of his older son, he changed his name to his son's name. And then when she died, tried to claim that her life insurance policy was for him and not for her son. Wow. Yeah. It was crazy. Like I when you, like when I, when I read, when I poured through all the information, 'cause part of like taking a decade to write the book was like, I wanted to be, the reason it took so long is like, I wanted to hold myself accountable.


I wanted to make sure I, I told the story in an authentic way. And. I also wanted to make sure that I like got the facts right. So I was pouring through all this data, trying to make sure that like I, I had the chain of events and like all the things that happened, and it was just crazy. Like, yeah. Even just looking at the autopsy reports from his own mom, like, you can't suffocate yourself to death. Right. Like the bag was not tied to her head. It wasn't like You know, like if you, if you press a bag to your head, you will pass out and then you will start breathing. Right. So like, it's actually physically impossible to kill yourself the way that they said she killed herself.


Wow. And I have since had police officers tell me that her suicide note, And I put that in quotation marks was not in her handwriting. Yeah. And I'm like, they had all of this and like, why did no one charge him with that? Yeah. Even when y'all went to the police and you told them about the situation with your sister, and I'm like, the fact that they charged y'all Yeah. For, because they thought you was lying. And I'm like, where is this? Like, where are y'all at? 'cause this cannot be real. It was like, I mean, it was literally like the Twilight Zone. Right. And You know, I was just telling someone today, they were like, oh yeah, I know. Like I dated someone from Gainesville Virginia, which is Prince William County. And I was like, man, they could cut Prince William County off of the, out of the United States, let it float off to sea.


And I would be like peace. I Don know what's going on in that county. But it is like, I mean, just, I know that in our country we refuse to believe that women get raped. It happens a lot. And frankly, like back to what I said earlier with the little boys on the playground, like, I think we have this tendency to be like, boys will be boys. And they, that's just how they are. And like, what did you do to like, make him wanna rape you or whatever. And so, like I know that it is common for police not to prosecute rapes or people, not to believe women. But when someone like this comes in and You know that he's killed multiple people, You know they knew who he was in this town.


And I remember a police officer saying like, yeah, he's not a good guy, but he's not a rapist. And I'm like, are you kidding? Wow. Like, so what? He's a killer but not capable of rape. Like, come on. And why would your sister lie about that? She Wouldn't. It's crazy. Like the whole situation is is is crazy. It's just crazy. But but they also thought I was lying. They were like, oh, that never happened. I'm like, I have two witnesses, like two witnesses. And if my son could speak, he'd be a third. Yeah. Do you think that if you weren't black, that the outcome outcome would be different?


I think about that a lot. And I. Think perhaps You know. I do think that, I do think racism played a part both In I do too. In what happened with us, with the police, and also what happened in family court. I do think it, it played a part, but I also think that you can't ignore just how this police department acted and, and the lengths that they went to, to sort of like cover up their misbehavior To protect them. Yeah. And so You know, it, it, it leads me to wonder, look, my ex didn't kill people who weren't black.


We all had something in common. Right? Right. And so I think, I think there is something to that, right? Like he didn't date people. He didn't date women that weren't black. And I think that You know, even though he liked to walk around saying he was Dominican, motherfucker was not Dominican. Like he was white Puerto Rican. He was white Puerto Rican. Because I Googled him, I'm like, yo, he's not black. He looks right. Right. And when, when it came down to it, and it was his word against mine, You know. And I. Think that was another thing that that made me, that, that I have learned, I think You know as, as black people, we have a tendency to like You know, kind of like try to wear our degrees as like, as like, like, like A badge of honor.


Yeah. Or it's gonna protect you from something. Right. Right. Right. And So I, I thought I, I had the misguided idea that because I'm educated and because I had a good job and all this stuff, that somehow I could like come into a police station and be believed. I think at the end of the day, like we cannot wipe our blackness from our skin. Yeah. So it's like you, you can, you can have a whole You know, like you can, you can drape yourselves in your diploma and that's not going to protect you because it doesn't, it doesn't matter. Like when they look at you, They see a black person, They see a black person. Right.


And yeah. And like, and, and so You know, but then again, like I, I, I can't, I do think that there was something with my ex and the police. There's too many people in the system that have told me that that's something with my ex and the police. I think it got to a point if I hadn't gone to the media and blown it up, I don't think he would've ever gotten arrested even for killing my son. I think they would've been like, oh, You know he died of natural causes and just like brushed it under the carpet. Listen, I'm not gonna lie. When I was reading the story and And I felt like you were starting to find your voice, I was like, come on. That's what I'm talking about. Like, you was not playing And.


I was just so proud and so happy for you because it was evident from where we first started in the beginning of your book to where we at towards the end or even now, like you really stood up for yourself and you wasn't afraid no more. Yeah. I mean, I had nothing to lose at that point. Like that's why I told people, I tell people all the time, I'm like, I am the system's worst nightmare because my kids is not because You was giving them hell. Right. So I'm like, you can, you can say or do whatever you want. I'm not gonna be in family court. And that's one of the reasons I had my kids via donor because yeah. I feel like I can't be quiet. I feel like part of parenting, my son is continuing to speak out about this And I think if I had to worry that like one day my kids could be in family court again, even if I like, loved the person and thought they were great.


Like, I think there would always be this fear in the back of my mind, like, oh my gosh, what if This happens again? What if this Happens again? Right. And so Yeah, Now I'm at the point where I'm just like, You know what? I can say whatever because I'm not in that system anymore and I'm not gonna be. Yeah. Can you share how much you ended up paying in legal fees throughout the entire process? Yeah. It was like a little bit more than 150,000 because It was a lot. It was a lot. I felt like, I mean, I'm thankful that my parents You know my parents let us live with them, which was You know. I don't know how I, I don't know how it would've like afforded to, to, to rent anywhere because I, I was using my entire salary towards legal fees and And I liquidated all of my 401k and all that stuff.


Yeah. Government just because I was like, I can't, I can't not fight You know, like Yeah. Yeah. I have to. And, and these little attorneys, I mean, they're like, You know They were trash 250 to $400,000 a year. Yeah. Or I'm sorry, 250 to $400 an hour. And so when you, like, what people don't realize, like even sending your attorney an email, they'll charge you a half an hour just to read the email. So like, think about every time you send an email that's like $200 right there and it just, it adds up. You know. It's like, it's so expensive. But you also made a good point in your book about the importance of having a therapist.


Yeah. So you can avoid all those fees. Oh, totally. And I think I made a lot of mistakes early on because I was so, I mean, I was just like a walking trauma bond or a Yeah. A walking trauma bomb. You know, it's like I would just, I would just pour out everywhere and You know. I really, really, people need to separate. Like, that is your attorney and you need to have a therapist for you You know Yeah. To, to kind of process what you've been through. Because if you try You know, look, your attorney will let you, they'll just be like, sure, I'll charge you $400 to keep talking. But they didn't even do nothing. It's like, where's the integrity at? I don't know. Like, that's part, but see, that's part of, I think that if we took the money out of family court, I think kids would be safer.


And, I think people in the system don't wanna hear that. Right. But it should never come down to like how much money someone has to be able to protect kids. Right. Because it sets up a system of inequity. And it also, it, it, it puts people in the game with false motivations. Right. So like, they let him go pick his own therapist to give his psychological that was Crazy. Right. And so he picks this woman who's not even licensed. Right. And it's like, I feel like people are just, you can pay these people to say whatever the, whatever you want. And if you had licensed therapists that worked for the courts that didn't have like You know a skin in the game for like honesty, and you take the money out of it, like you take the private money out of it, it becomes like a more equitable process and it becomes more authentic because you aren't gonna have a situation where someone's like, oh, I'm gonna say this because they paid me.


And now I feel weird about like, You know calling it a psychopath. Yeah. Yeah. Throughout the custody battle, you advocated so strongly for supervised visits as if your spirit knew something terrible was going to happen. Did you ever feel like a deeper, deeper spiritual intuition guiding you, warning you for what's to come? Because I feel like when I was reading that part about your son and like you was going so hard, like it's like you kind of knew that I knew you were preparing. Yeah, I knew. I remember. So when they lifted the supervised visitation, I called an organization called Child Justice And I And I. And the first thing I said to them is, I think he's gonna try to kill him.


I need to try to appeal this. And unfortunately, my son never lived long enough for us to do an appeal. Right. And And I think You know. I think it's like, how could you not worry about that after learning all that? I learned You know And I mean, I remember this, this supervised visitation provider. She was like, oh, do you think he has a policy on him? And I. Remember? I thought that was crazy too. And I so mad. I was like, why would you say that? Unless You know something. Right. And I remember calling, like I called insurance companies asking. And the reality at the end of the day is, unless you have the policy number, you can't get that information. And the fact that he said that I was dead You know, and no one checked, like these insurance companies just took out like hundreds of thousands of dollars on my son under this Wow.


False reality that I was dead. And I didn't even get a right to know. 'cause like if I had known, I could have taken that to police. Not to say that they would've done anything because, But here's the motive. But yeah. But At least it would've been clear. Like I could have taken it to the court to be like, Hey, look like You know, we see here two other people who he killed for life insurance policy, or at least we suspected. And now he's got a policy on him. Like, I mean, I I wish I had had that information because at the end of the day, like having a suspicion isn't gonna be something that holds up in court. And I didn't find out about the policies until two weeks after he died and the police gave it to me.


Wow. Is there a place for forgiveness in your journey? And if so, what does that look like? Just with the pe and not just with your ex, but just with the, the people who were supposed to protect you. That's question. And your son. That's good. So I remember right after, I think I put this in the book actually. So like right after my son died, I remember being at the funeral, And I was talking to the priest. And I said to him, I said, I don't understand the, I don't understand how somebody could, like, I hate when people say, oh, you should forgive, you should forgive. And like somehow it's like gonna set you free. Right? Right. And so he said something that was really wise and he was like, forgiveness should be, should be only for people who have the capacity or understanding what they did wrong and truly feeling something about it.


Right. Right. And so he was like, right now you're angry. And he was like, you hold onto that anger because it's that anger that's gonna get you justice. And I appreciated him so much because I made the assumption that like, because he was a man of God, he would be like, you have to forgive. And he's like, fuck that. Right? Like, right. Forgiveness is not like, he was like, it's a, it's a waste of your energy because he was like, look, forgive yourself. Right. But like if I think my ex is is useless for me to ever even think about like spending the energy required to even consider what, what forgiveness of him would look like.


Right. I do feel bad for him. Right. There is a part of me that like is sad for him because I think somebody who is incapable of connecting to even his own son, that's just a, that's a very sad human condition. Right? Yeah. And so I do feel bad for him. I think his mental capacity or whatever was going on in his head, that's just, that's a sad existence. I don't forgive him. 'cause I just don't think he's capable. Like I, I don't think he is, I I don't think his brain is capable for, to really have like attrition for what he did. So I think that's right. Never gonna happen. As far as other people in the system, I think, I think I would have forgiveness, but it would require what the priest said.


Right. He would, it would require them to acknowledge the harm that they did. Yeah. And actually do something to work towards making sure that it doesn't happen again. And I haven't received that from anyone in the process. Mm. And so I think like that is something that for me, it would be required to extend that. Like, I can think about like for example, the, the judge, I think in many ways he was Oh, he was disgusted. Oh, he was, he was a, he was a fucker like Yeah. A piece of shit. Like, oh, the way he talked to y'all in that courtroom was crazy. It's like, go home. And he's never, he has never apologized publicly or privately, has never apologized. He's talking to, he's talked to third parties and I've heard back from him, he retired after like You know he resigned or whatever, but like, I'm like, You know if you can't be man enough to just say I'm sorry even privately.


Right. Right. Nothing said has said zero words to me since my son died. And so I'm like, do I forgive him? No. Because Yeah. Even though this is a man who goes to church every Sunday. Right. I don't think, I think he is, I I I think he's a lost cause You know, like if he, if he look, he's gonna have to be on his deathbed. He is gonna have to go and deal with his own like You know. He know he fucked up though. Of course he knew he fucked up. I'm just saying that like, I would like to believe that if I had committed the the same atrocity, I would at least have the decency to say I'm sorry for what I did.


Yeah. Right. I'm sorry for what I said to you. I'm sorry for how this turned out. I'm sorry How I made you Feel. Right. Because like really at the end of the day, I can't sue him. He's completely unseeable. Right. Right. So it's like, what are you gonna lose by just being decent and saying, I'm sorry. Right. But how can we hold the legal system accountable? Because unfortunately your story is very common. So what can we do, especially in the family course? Because the one good thing about your book is you definitely gave a playbook on this is what you need to do and a void when it comes to being in family course. Yeah. I mean that's, I had two reasons for writing the book. One of them is I wanted to write the book that I needed while I was going through it.


And two, I wanted to give a playbook for You know people who want, who, who wanna understand all the things that are wrong and, and want to make changes. You know. I really think that there are so many things, there are so many things that can be done on the state level. I think many of the laws that need to change are the state level. But I also think the federal government needs to take a stand because I think that what's happening to kids in this country is one of the biggest civil rights crises since the civil rights movement with black people. And I think the sad reality is that kids can't vote. And so politicians aren't thinking about the kids.


They're thinking about making parents happy. Right. And so what I think the federal government needs to take a stand on is I think they need to hold states accountable for not having child protective policies in place. And there are ways to do it. We've done it before. Like when we didn't integrate the schools, the federal government was like, well, okay, we won't pave your roads. Right. Right. And so there are ways that the federal government can hold the states accountable. They just choose not to And I think that it's gotten to a point where I think as society You know, I I say this all the time, that so many people choose to ignore this. 'cause they're like, well, I don't have a kid in family court and my kid is safe and fine.


But what I always say is like, what happens when that kid who's been terrorized for the last 16 years knocks on your door and wants to take your daughter to prom? Yeah. Right. Now it's your problem. And we don't live in a bubble. You know, it's like you work with these people. You, you encounter them at the grocery store. And so I really think we need to, as a society, invest in protecting our kids. And, and the way we do that is, instead of thinking about parental rights and how much time a parent should get, I think we really need to think about like what is in the best interest of, of child safety, especially when there's like a safety risk at play. Like no kid is gonna die by having to have supervised visitation with their like You know derelict parent.


Like Right. It's like, okay, they get access to this person. Like, I was not fighting Prince getting to know this man. I just wanted to make sure that it was in a safe environment and that he wasn't gonna be able to kill him. Yeah. 'cause realistically, like You know Prince could have been in supervised visitation for his entire childhood and he would've been just fine. He probably would've eventually figured out his dad was effing crazy. Right. Right. But he wouldn't have been dead. Right. Do you ever think about what your life would look like if he was still, if he was still alive? I do. And it's really hard because I often wonder if there was a world in which both he and my daughters could exist.


Mm. Which is a really hard thing to think about. Like, I wish there was, like, I sometimes think about like, You know, would they be fighting with him? Would my, would my oldest be like, ah, like Prince is coming into my room again and like being annoying. Right. He'd be like, ah, she stole my computer or whatever. Like You know. I would love to imagine that world, but I think the You know, the sad reality is I also cannot imagine a scenario in which that was sustainable because Yeah. I think that my ex was so deranged, You know that, I don't know, I, it, it feels very much like Prince never had a chance, which is part of the reason I go back to like, he should never have been born.


Because I think that it was horrible to put him through that. Like yeah, I would like to believe that I gave him the best life possible, but I also am realistic enough to know that I was not the best version of myself for him. Like, yeah. My daughters see a very different mom. Like I am a better mom to them because I can be, because I'm not You know. Like, I think what's hard is like when you're in this like heightened state of acute trauma, you can never heal from it. Right. 'cause you're constantly in it and Yeah. For his entire life trying Survive. Yeah. Like for his entire life I was afraid that he was gonna die. And And I, And I was like, I, I think back to like the moments that I was on an email or a phone with an attorney and not spending time with him.


And I'm like, gosh, I wish I could have those moments back because it didn't matter. You know. Like, it still ended up the way it ended up And, I would do anything to like hug him again. And And I don't have the You know, I don't have that opportunity. He's not here anymore. Do you still keep in contact with his older brother? I do. Yeah. He is a great kid. I mean, he's a guy now, so I can't call him kid, but I'm always Gonna Yeah. He's a man now. Right. I, I'm always gonna see him as a 10-year-old. I don't care how old he is. Right. I told him this before. I'm like, look, you're 10. I'm like, I know you're 25, but you're 10. Right. You know, I think I, I want the best for him.


And You know, I tell him a lot, like You know, you're, I call him my Suno because he was like my son. He Was your first son. Like I feel like he's the kid that You know. I, I I I, he made, he made me feel like a mom, which was also really hard because I think my attachment to him made it harder for me to leave his dad when I should have because I couldn't take him with me. I mean, even in the end it was a decision where I was like, I can't save him, but I can try to save Prince. But it's still, yeah. You know. It still weighs on me. Having had to make, to make that decision to leave. What do you hope that he takes away from this journey?


From my book? Or just the journey? I mean, I, I think just Overall. 'cause I wonder does he ever talk to you about how he feels or how he Felt we talked about it? Yeah. I think it's, I mean, I think that, I can't even imagine what it would be like to be a kid in that environment. Right. And I. Right. I think he has a lot more to unpack than even me because I think what is hard is that, I mean, I think, I think even dealing with him, like I've realized kids wanna love their parents, right? Yeah. No matter what, they wanna love their parents. Which is why I think this whole, like when people say parental alienation, I'm like, that's bullshit. Like, kids wanna love their parents.


So if you're, if if your kid is telling you something about a parent that's negative, like trust and believe them. So I think that what's hard is that's still his dad, right? Yeah. You know, he's, he's certainly aware that his dad is who he is and he's not You know, he doesn't have rose colored glasses to think that he didn't do what he did. Right. But I think it's a very different struggle. You know, And I would've had it with my own son. Right. Like if Prince had survived, I think that there is, there is something he would've carried knowing that this person who was capable and who had like perpetrated such, such terrible things on people was related to him.


You know. Yeah. So, yeah. I think You know he's, he's gonna have a lifelong struggle with with that. When I, I, I gave him a copy of the book and before I gave it to him, I said to him, I was like, I want you to protect your peace. Yeah. I'm giving you this because I love you. And. I want And I want you to have it And I want you to like have the opportunity to one day like read what I, what I, what I felt during that situation. But I also You know want you to know that if you don't read it, it's gonna be okay. Like if you, and, and, and to be conscious of how you're feeling, because I think it's very different for him having lived his own version of it.


Yeah. You know and he was super little. I mean, he was only 10. Yeah. And seeing my oldest right now who's 10, like, I mean, I cannot imagine her having to kind of deal with all that. Yeah. We're almost greenish. But one of the most beautiful things that you said about your son, prince, I don't know if I've read it or you said it in one of your interviews, but you said even at 15 months old, he was able to do something impactful, which was he was able to to stop a serial killer. Yeah. I mean, And I thought that was so beautiful. I was like, wow. I think that, I mean, I have long held the belief that our kids find us.


And so I, I talk to parents about this all the time. You know parents who are like struggling to have kids or parents who have lost a kid. And I'm like, You know. I think they find us. Yeah. And You know either via adoption or whatever, like they find us And, I think that my son came here for a reason. I think he chose me because he was like, this woman is not gonna stop. Right. Like she's gonna, she's gonna do what needs to be done. And he's like, I'm gonna put a finish to this man And. I'm gonna do it where nobody can say that like I did anything 'cause I'm just a kid. Right. And so I do feel very strongly that he chose me and he came for a reason. You know Prince. I still wish that maybe you had chosen someone else.


Yeah. Or like, thank you for, for this honor. But it also, You know, helps me feel like he chose, I feel like he had a part in choosing my daughters to come to me. And so like it makes me feel like connected. It makes me feel like they're someone also connected to him, which is, which is special and powerful. And, and yeah. I mean he was, he was the boy that finally You know put this man behind bars. And, I have to believe. Like I do think that he would've kept killing. I think he would've kept doing terrible things to people. And so You know It is, it is a comfort knowing that like that even though my son is not here anymore, like at least this man is in jail and is, he can't hurt anybody else.


Yeah. What are the most important lessons you want to impart to your daughters about relationships? I think that I want them to realize that they are important and that they don't have to settle for You know they don't, they don't have to settle and they can choose their own destiny. And like You know my, some people in my family get on my case 'cause they're like, oh, like my oldest has said, she's like, I'm just gonna get a donor. And they're like, you should teach them that. Like, there's all these other things. I was like, You know, I love that she says that because she knows that it's an option. Right. Right. And I'm like, I also tell her like, Hey, look like there's beauty in any type of way that you create a family.


Right. But I want her to know that she doesn't have to, she doesn't have to feel like she's settling. Right. Like Right. I hope for them that they find very like healthy, happy relationships. I certainly want grand babies Right. One day. But I like that they, at least in that way, are sort of like freed from societals. Like what is Right. Yeah. Because I think that is, I think that is the most toxic thing, like feeling like you as a woman have to be like the property of a man. And it is part of the reason why I am, I'm in my feelings about marriage in general these days because I'm like, it made sense in the seventies when we couldn't have bank accounts.


Right. Right. But now I'm like, You know. I want my daughters to know that when they're in a relationship, they can, they should wake up every day choosing that person and they should make sure that that person wakes up every day. Choosing them. Choosing them. Yeah. And not just because they have to be legally attached with them, but just because like, I choose to be with you because you treat me well and because I love you and because you're a good person and all those things. Right. Yeah. And last but not least, if Prince were here today, what would you want him to know about the work you're doing? I told him the day he, the, the day I buried him, I like a crazy person had a conversation with the corpse. And I. Remember?


That's Not crazy. I was like, prince, you were not the first, but I want you to be the last and I'm gonna do whatever I can to make sure that I contribute to making sure this ends. And so, yeah. I I I hope that he knows that I am carrying this on for him. I hope he feels vindicated in choosing me. Like, oh, I did the right thing because she like did what I wanted. But I also hope that he You know I've, I've tried to work really hard on forgiving myself. And I think one of the things that I'm very sad about is just I feel like, I feel in many ways I failed him by not, not making it so that it never happened.


And that's, yeah. I mean, I would tell him I'm sorry. Have you forgiven yourself? I dunno, that's a good question. Like I think I have in some ways Because I feel like you, it is a, it is a wave. I think it's hard to completely feel like I don't have any accountability. Right. Because I think that there's still a part of me that is like, I actively made the choice to be with this person. Right. Right. And I think it's more, it's not necessarily I blame myself. I just feel like a level of sadness that I wasn't able to protect him.


Like, I tried really, really hard And I wasn't able to do it. And it, and it, I think the thing that bothers me the most is like, I go over and over and it was part of the book too. It's just like all these things happen. And, I, And I still feel like if one thing had been different, he'd still be here. Yeah. And so that's the hard part. That's hard. Like I think part of the trauma and like the acute trauma of going through it is like you kind of, you always feel like you have to be a step ahead of the, the crazy person, but it's like there's no, there's no knowing. You know. Yeah. But it still doesn't feel good because you're like, damn. Like if I could have just done one thing different if I could known this thing.


So I don't know. I mean, I think I have forgiven myself, but it's still, I think I still hold a certain level of just like anger and disappointment that I'll probably always hold because I couldn't do anything. I couldn't do, I couldn't, I couldn't save him. Yeah. Well listen, I'm proud of you. I think that your story is definitely inspiring. And I know that it is saving a lot of people. So You know. I think that if it makes sense, this wasn't in vain. Yeah. And I think, I think you doing it. Like I, I think that Prince came here for a reason because he knew that you was gonna fight and you fought a really good fight. Like, God forbid something was to happen, I got my money on you.


Well, I appreciate that. So I mean, I'm hoping like I, I wanna start a movement And, I'm hoping that people will get the book. You, you did start a movement. I'm surprised have anybody reached out to make this a movie or something or like, Not yet, but I'm still like, I joke with friends. I'm just like, I, I feel like I've lived a bad lifetime movie, so I feel like You know. Yeah. 'cause we need a movie. Like we need something. Because I think that a lot of women and men can relate to your story. Yeah. I mean I I I would certainly love for the opportunity to have more people be aware and not just for You know, like I said in the book, like not just for trauma porn, but really Awareness.


People Understand You know. Like, I want people to walk around as woke as I am. Like, so they're, so they start to think about like, okay, You know. Like I let's stop trusting people with the same level of trust You know. Yeah. Well thank you so much for being on the show. I, I'm really excited to have you on y'all. I read her book literally in like two days. So I'm just, I I I'm looking forward to keeping in contact with you 'cause I definitely wanna have you involved in some of the things that I'm working on. 'cause I'm really big on people sharing a story because you never know how your storyline can be someone else's lifeline. So I really appreciate you coming on. Thanks For having me.


Yeah. And to the listeners, if you have any questions, comments, concerns, please make sure to email me at hello@thephdpodcast.com. And until next time, everyone later. Bye-Bye. The Professional Homegirl Podcast is a production of the Black Effect podcast network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio App Apple podcast or wherever you listen to your favorite shows. Don't forget to subscribe and rate the show and you can connect with me on social media at the P podcast


With the lucky land sluts. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary BGW could avoid. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face a lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


Need to shake up mealtime go Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep Restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag. Nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


Hitting the road to escape your situationship time to replace them with something that actually has your back at Baboon to the Moon. We're all about colorful, durable bags that take your getaway to the next level with a limited lifetime warranty. These durable endlessly sch slippable travel bags make hauling across the airport somehow fun. These bags are built for every adventure and misadventure life throws your way. Find your next adventure ready bag at baboon to the moon.com. Now get lost and make The World more colorful. And don't forget to text your mom when you get there.


Catch the new original Hulu documentary Road diary Bruce Springsteen in the E Street Band. When The World shut down, I made a promise that if we got through this, I'd throw the biggest party I Could. Variety calls road diary, a soulful celebration. And the New York Post raves a genius at work. Can't disappoint the fans, can't do that. Road diary now streaming on Hulu and Disney plus.