
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning, usa. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Today's Wednesday and Merry Christmas and happy holidays to you. And yours. Hopefully you with family, you are on your way to hang out with family, or you're just relaxing and enjoying your time off. If you have your time off today, it's all about inspiration this morning. Emini here, it's Christmas, right? So we have Sarah, Jake Roberts joining us this morning. Kirk Franklin and Ty Trit. All right, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, hopefully you better have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Lauren from New York. Hey Lauren. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Lauren. Okay. Basically, I'm calling because I'm very upset. I met someone, I felt like he was the love of my life after a year, and then one morning Ice just came and took him away from my house And I have never heard of him again. So is it Ice? Ice? I'm A little pissy. Yeah, ice. Where's he from? He was Mexican, No, Jamaican. Oh. He was Jamaican so, well, he didn't have his papers though. No Emini here, I guess. I think he did. He had a whole life here. Oh no. So I'm not sure what the issue is. If Ice came to get him, he ain't had his papers. Right. He was trying to marry you to get that green card. Oh my God. Oh God. I'm just been in shock.


I've been very upset. Like they took my baby like I really can. You go to Jamaica? Huh? Go to Jamaica? No. Are you sure? That's my baby. I love him. Go to Jamaica. No. Are you sure? Are you sure they took him? No. Are you sure they took him or he might have just been over you and had some people come over and pretend to be ice? Mm, gotta go back home. No, they took him, they came after him like he owed something to the devil himself. They threw him on the ground and called him all types of names and You can't find him. They took away And you can't find him? No, I don't know. Nope. Nope. What's His name? I'm not gonna say that. Well, you Ain't trying to find right. You don't care as simple as that. You don't care about that man.


Oh wow. That's crazy. You don't want move to Jamaica. You don't wanna shot him out over the radio. You ain't really trying to find him. I Ain't even say move. I just said go. Damn. She like n ew. She said the man is married though. No, no. Whoa, whoa, whoa. I didn't say he was married. I need to understand what he did first before I'm just Oh. Going over there like I don't even know what he did. But that's your baby. I know. It's one day they your baby. The next day they something else. I don. I don't know. You just, you know what? Goodbye man. You were fine. Goodbye. We were fine. Goodbye Lauren. She Just woke up thinking about him. Hello? Who's this? Yes sir. It's J from PA. Get it off your chest. So interesting enough, I get through every time I call you guys every week and Charlamagne shows.


Love Jeff some Tommy. But DJ Envy hangs up on me every week and today it's gotta stop. I agree with you. So I just need him to work on his attitude. That's it. That's all I need to say. I'll say something Tommy free. Why would you hang up on that? Man, that's disrespectful. That might've been God testing you, you know? No it's not. He's still there, man. For real. He's still there. That might have been God testing you. You have a great day. You have a great week. Okay, Bye. Exactly. You hung up on that man. You hung up on that. Was that, was God testing you when you fell? He was right there. He wanted to get back. He wanted to hang up. Yeah, he Wanted to hang up on Me too. Alright. We even Ja. Hello? Who's this? Yo, What's hating? It's your boy John. Man. What up, envy.


Charlemagne Garden. Beautiful, Jess. Good morning John. Y'all. What's happening Man? I gotta get it off my chest man. Listen man, take this out. I just got off at six o'clock, right? I'm trying to go to McDonald's and get me a nice fresh hot sausage and cheese McMuffin. Pause. Steve's mother got the nerve to have a attitude 'cause they late. Y'all supposed to be open at six o'clock. It's six 10. Y'all ain't opened up yet. Then we gotta wait two, three minutes and we short staffed and all that. Yo, listen man, it's not my problem bro. Get my goddamn business, man. Hey, well that's not the attitude. I, I understand, but that's not the attitude to have. Everybody's a probably a little stressed out this morning. Okay? Yeah. But They still have to be able to maintain a level that's right. Of professionalism because the customers is never, always, is never wrong. Well, I don't believe that.


But not in this case. This same thing happened yesterday. They was late opening up yesterday, bro. Where's McDonald's at? What city? I order the same McMuffin every morning when I get off at six. Man, it's, it's nothing. Boy. What city? Nothing more. Where you from bro? I'm in Georgia. Man. I hate to say I'm in Georgia. I'm from New York. I'm from Brooklyn. So you gonna stay my pain man. I'm in Georgia with this Bullshit. We can't understand your pain. But I'll tell you one thing, man doesn't take you where money want. So if you just, you know if, if, especially if you go there all the time and you a nice person, they'll probably be happy to see you coming. Pause. And, And I know justice. This might trigger Jessica. She used, used to work there. No, did yo follow me on Instagram? Man, rich fatherhood Brother. Did you ever have this problem when you worked at McDonald's? Why Do we tell people to get it off their chest? If you always got something to say when they getting it off? Ugh, get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey what doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's going on? It's Ted. What up Ted? You said Ted? Yeah, Ted. Okay. Ted. He's Ted. Ted Ted ist. Ted as in Teddy? Yeah. Alright, Well get it off your chest Ted. I'm calling in earlier this morning man. I wanna get off my chest. Quick ass out here making it hard for the real, That's why I say it ain't a stereotype if it's true.


'cause I knew something was up. I was about to ask you what do you identify as? But I was gonna mind my business this morning. But you let The World know. Oh No, I, oh definitely. I identify as a woman. Hey, what's a fake? I'm, I'm a stu. You a stud though. Yeah, I'm a stu. I'm a dude in the relationship. So what's a fake? A fake would be something that you would call a, it's kind of like double It's, we already Sitting out here anyway doing what we doing. But it is like you, you a stud and you having sex with men on the low. You making it hard for us because the real ones out here. You can't be by stud. Nah, you can't be by stud. That ain't how we roll it. That's, that's triple sending now. Triple sending. I'm confused. What's the sin?


I don't get what the sending. I'm lost. We Already double sending. They already say by being what we are. You know what I'm saying? So you want people, you want the real studs of The World to just swell off. They can't have no penis whatsoever. No, no nothing man. Just go vegan if you bet off. Go vegan. Jesus Christ. Wouldn't that be pescatarian though? No, not easy Because it's fish. Y'all eat fish not, Yeah, we can eat some fish. But you know the human body ain't fish. I hope they ain't eat fish. Okay. He wasn't talking. You know what, nevermind. I tell you. Have a good one. All right. Y'all do baby. That's right. Y'all listen to Ted man. All y'all studs out there. Stop faking the funk. All right. Leading penises alone. Fake ass studs.


Hello? Who's this? Yo, that's Cliff. Cliff. What up? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I went to the box gym a few days ago. I don't know how I left. Oh, somebody put you on your ass. You don't know how you left. Somebody knocked you out. I Don't know how I left the boxing gym. I don't know how I left. Hey, you don't play boxing bro. Bro. You got Willie D in here. Willie D is a what? What is it Willie? What is it? Gold. You said Golden glove right? Golden glove. Golden glove. Yeah, That's what's up. Yeah, but I don't know how I left though Baby. You shouldn't go back then. All. Well maybe you should be boxing. How, how long you been training? I've been, I've been just doing sparring here and there. I never really trained with it. There's your problem. See that's the problem. People just wanna jump in and go in the gym and just start sparring.


There's more to that. Yeah, Right. You right. Yeah. You Got hit in the nose. I don't know what he got in it, but his phone ain't even there no more. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Rudolph the red nose. Red nose. Come Nose outta every shiny nose. And if you ever saw him, he wouldn't even say Come on, come on Breakfast Club bitches. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We Have Pastor Mike Todd. Welcome Brother. What's going on fam? Y'all good? Yes man, I'm blessed man.


I'm good. Good. I'm at The Breakfast Club. Hey with Y'all. I'm blessed black and highly favored. You are definitely black, blessed and highly favored. It feels, I feel like all of us are blessed black and highly favored. Absolutely. Absolutely. Feels good. Thank y'all for having me man. Happy To have you, man. New book Damaged but not destroyed from trauma to Triumph. Yes sir. Powerful Title Bro. It's my life. Okay. And it's honestly, I believe a lot of people's life that they don't share. You know, you see everybody from people who've gone from the gutter to this big platform or people who've just made it out of the hood or just made it from where they thought they would never come. But then they shut up and stop telling the actual story about how they got from where they were to where they are now. I have A theory about that.


What, what is it? I think the theory now, like I'm, I'm 45 years old, so growing. You look good. So growing. Thank you brother. So growing up, you know, it was those stories of overcoming those stories of making mistakes and you know, becoming a better person that we always gravitated towards. That we learned from nowadays because of this so-called cancel culture. Yeah. Nobody wants to talk about the mistakes that they made. Yeah. You know nobody 'cause they feel like they'll be judged for 'em and crucified for 'em, which they probably will. Well, Well but it's temporary. Like the truth of the matter is because I'm a person of faith, I believe the truth of the matter is though we overcome by the blood of the lamb. That's what Christ has done. But the words of our own testimony, even if you don't believe what I believe the truth is when you see somebody else go through something and you make it through it, it gives you courage, it gives you hope, it gives you, dang, maybe I can do that too.


And a lot of people are robbing other people of the fuel that they need to overcome their actual situation. 'cause they scared number one and number two is because they feel like maybe my worst moment defined me. But I found that in my worst moment, that's who, that's what made me. Absolutely. And so I just wanted to come like completely clean, completely raw. I say hot, humble, open and transparent and Emini here. It takes also the power outta what anybody can ever say about me. I Used to. I know. I I believe you. I agree with everything you say. I used to, I always say live your truth so nobody can use your truth against you. But boy they will try, They'll try. The truth of the matter is, but if it's real, like when you cut it open and it's real and you actually grew from it and you actually learn from the cheating and you actually did the work and went to therapy and you actually, yeah, no I did embezzle that money, but I'm not going to do that.


Never again. And I like when you actually grow. I believe that this life is about progression, not perfection. And on the gram and in front of people, we're always trying to present perfection. That's right. But I really believe like when you cut it all down, it's one baby step in front of another baby, step in front of another baby step and you look up and like, how did I get here? It was a bunch of small moments that got you to that moment. How, How, how important is a, is a support system, right? Because you came, came with your wife. Charlamagne's been with his wife 25. I've been with my wife 30. How important is that? Because a lot of times you hear people say, I don't need that. Or I'm looking for a guy that's gonna make this much money. But yeah, that's dumb. They never talk about the Heart. Yeah. The truth of the matter is you say that's Dumb. Yeah. Thank you for that. Say that louder.


Trying it. It is dumb. Like I tell people all the time, I did a book, my first book was called Relationship Goals And I have this whole chapter in the book about rip up your list. And I know people are gonna say whatever they're gonna say about they got this list, you're still single. The truth of the matter is like the truth of the matter is, is a lot of times God never hands you a finished product. He hands you something, you gotta work. Right? And and that's why ikea's one of the greatest furniture companies, no matter what you think about it, is they, they give you something that you have to put your hands to to assemble. And it gives people another greater level of satisfaction. Because when they actually put their hands into help make that thing happen, it feels like I've accomplished something.


Relationship is the same way. God never TD Jake says it, God never gives you a table, he gives you a tree. That's right. The same thing with the relationship. And so I think many times people need to rip up their list and actually look for the things that are in the heart. You can't Instagram integrity. Ooh you can't. Facebook faithfulness. Right? Like and so look at my man, he da da da. The the greatest things that have made me and my wife's relationship work. I cannot show you on a post. It has to be lived out, proved out and over time. And so when you say support system, bro, that is literally the only reason I'm here right now is 'cause I got people who could see me at my worst and still think of me in my best situation.


Mm. To still like, while it still smells like that word that you said just a second ago, they still walking with me and like I'll actually be with you. 'cause I know it's not gonna be like this the whole time. I tell people community is everything. Having mentors is everything. Being around people that are further than you is everything. That's right. And if you're gonna deal with your damage, you need that. Because a lot of people do it in isolation. And Covid has really jacked up people And, and when I say that, I'm not even talking from a health standpoint physically, I'm talking about a mental health standpoint, a spiritual health standpoint, a relational health standpoint. People went into they caves and started spectating on what everybody was doing and it made them look out instead of looking in.


What was your breakthrough Moment that inspired you to be so vulnerable in this book? Bro, I have a son, our second son, his name is mj, my name say he has autism and me and my wife, we're going through the height of our ministry and our business is growing and everything's exploding. My first book goes number one, New York Times bestseller. I barely graduated English class. Like I'm, I'm in a shock. And then our only son, we take him to the doctor and they're like, yeah, he's not progressing normally. He's not talking, he's not looking anymore. And he was going the right way. And then just something switched. And my motor has always been, let me be greater, let me be better. Let me make more money, let me do this.


And I tried to do everything I knew how to do and it didn't fix nothing. Getting a bigger platform, writing another book, making more money, it didn't do anything. And so when my motor broke it was like, what's going on? I'm watching my wife slip into depression. Nothing. Nothing is working. And so I was like, hold on, we gotta start working on this. I was sitting with my mentor Tim Ross at a crackle barrel outside of Oklahoma City And I was just telling him what I was going through and we started thinking about back over my life. And he said, yeah. He was like, yeah, when did God's standard become lower than your standard? And I was like, what are you talking about? He was like, Michael, you've been telling me all this stuff. You wanna make better and you want it to be great.


You keep using this word. Great, great, great, great. He said, but in the beginning when God created the heavens and the earth, he looked at it and he said it's good. And then he created the stars and he created the land and said, Uhuh, you go right here, you go right here. Created the animals going through the whole creation. He said it's good. Then he created man on the sixth day and he said, you know what? That's very good. He said, if God's standard is good, why is yours great? Then he asked me this question. He said, when did you make a decision that good was not good enough? And immediately I went back to 12 years old when I'm in church, my parents raised us in church And I played drums since I was young. And I would go at 12 years old to the choir rehearsal. 'cause my dream was to play in big church, like play with the big choir, like not the U for the junior.


I wanted to play And I was good. And I would go every Tuesday, only 12-year-old there. And they would never let me play. They would tell me I was great. They would tell me that, man, you getting so good. Pinch my cheeks, take all the little stuff. But they would never let me play. They probably had a legitimate reason. But I remember sitting on that, that maroon chair in the back and deciding, I guess good is not good enough. I will only be great. Mm. And what ended up happening from 12 years old to 35 years old, I would not settle for anything good. And now I'm looking at my son and he's not good. And I couldn't rationalize or reconcile what was going on in me. And God was like, you're gonna have to become okay with things being good.


And I had to go and heal that 12-year-old Michael to be able to even raise the 30 5-year-old Michael and raise his son. And bro, I went on a journey bro. And man, because I went on this healing journey because I spent the money. Everybody talking about vesting property, you are the only thing that is priceless. That's why I always say invest in your mental wealth. Why won't you invest in yourself? That's right. Like You have to start from someplace Though. You gotta, but that's why I went first. DJ Envy. This is why I wrote this book. The I, this may not be my most popular book, but it's my most valuable book. Mm. Because if anybody actually reads this, they gonna be like, dang, I can see myself and maybe I'll take the first step. Right? All right, we got more with Pastor Mike Todd when we come back, don't move.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. We're back. It's The Breakfast Club and Pastor Mike Todd is here. His book Damage But Not Destroyed from Trauma to Triumph is out right now. Charlamagne with The UN transfer wounds. The truth of the matter is every wound that you get has the ability to transfer to somebody else in your actions or in your non-action. And that's why I said earlier, what's not transformed is transferred. You got a lot of your mom and daddy in you that they didn't give you directly. That's right. They gave it to you because you received it. The way that you handle issues, the way that you go through stuff.


We got a lot of stuff because they didn't handle it. I give a prime example. I'll tell it in the book. I had a pornography addiction, Emini here jacked up, taking my money, my mind, my focus, Your money. Oh bro. Porn up is free. Yeah. Back in the day, you know when, okay, come on now. Don't act like you did in 3 99 sometimes. Come on now. And if you was buying magazines or if you doing any of the, come on, let's be honest. It was robbing me and the money was the least part of it. Well I'm going through this whole thing by myself. I'm suffering still trying to pray, still trying to love God, still trying to. And if somebody's like the pastor, I tell her every Sunday, don't even trip like, 'cause we out here, every man is actually struggling with something. Okay. I'm out here addicted trying to do what I've been called to do after I actually start going through the process of healing and making decisions and making disciplines and being accountable and all this other stuff.


I find out my dad, he was a drum major for Grambling State University and they came to New York. There was a street back in the day. Now this back, back in the day where they had peep shows down the whole street. That's 42nd street. Okay. So he know the street 42nd Street. And he sat back in the day, they got here on the bus and he said he got a pocket full of quarters and you could go and you could put the, the money in the machine and then the curtain would open and you see naked women back in the day. That was the equivalent of pornography. He said after I told him what I was going through, he said, Michael, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I never told you about it. I'm sorry I never dealt with it publicly. I'm sorry that I did this.


He said, because I had five sons and every single one of my brothers and me dealt with the sexual addiction because what was not transformed in him was transferred into us. Do you get counseling from other other passes? Yeah. Okay. Definitely. People have been in the game a lot longer than me. Has TD Jakes you and tj? Yeah man, we had an awesome meeting for probably about five hours at a restaurant. TD Jakes, he's like the OG of OGs. So, so he, we met and it was like in this secret building that was unmarked and we went up and like you hit the floor and it's like a restaurant. I'm like, where am I? I was like, me with the Godfather, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. And I'm like, I'm like, what is going on?


And that man just began to pour into me. I love TD Jakes, I love him too. As just somebody who talks even more than preaching. If you ever get to just talk to him. That mentorship. Mentorship from Tim Ross, mentorship from Robert Morris, mentorship from Steven Feick mentorship, oh God. From all like, it's invaluable what you learn from people who've been damaged. It's invaluable. What you can learn from somebody who will share from their damage. And that's what all of those men did. Like if I think about it right now, like I'm thinking you call it mentoring, but alt mentor mentoring. It really is, is people showing you where they messed up, where they should have done it differently, sharing from their damage and it helps push you into your desk.


Was this after the spit incident? No bro. That, that was before. Okay. Because you, I the spit hits the fan. That's what I call it. Spit is the fact. Well break it down. People don't know. I know. We reported a long time ago. First off, let me say this. I am not a regular preacher. Like


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend, my wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco, tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


And When I say a regular preacher, like I was bored in church. And so when God called me to preach, I was like, all right, I'm gonna actually use everything that I have to help people get it. And so I tell stories, I use examples. I, and honestly, I'm doing everything how Virgil Ablo said for my 17-year-old self. Most 17 year olds, they don't care nothing about church. They trying to see the girl with the booty and go eat and go play with the, so I'm trying to like capture. So I've always used examples and stuff like that. And so there's this story in the Bible where Jesus basically heals a man by spitting on his hand and putting on his face. And so this is a example I had done three times before. And this is what my blood little brother, this is not some random audience member or anything like this.


Now this is a brother. We fought blood like this is my little brother. And he wanted to do the example with me so I could show it. And the whole idea was many people will not be willing to go through a messy process to get their healing. So the idea was this man was blind, he wasn't deaf. So if Jesus is about to spit, he's standing there in front of Jesus and he can hear, like if you hear somebody about the hlu, you're like, oh my God. And I was trying to say, as disgusting as this is, that man stayed there and he received something that nobody else could give him. And as I was saying that, I said maybe you, the counseling would be messy for you. Maybe apologizing would be messing for you.


Maybe downsizing your house would be messy for you after you've put on this whole thing about how God blessed you. But what if on the other side of this mess was your healing? And I did the example. It worked too well. And, and by that night we was on D-M-Z-C-N-N next morning, breakfast Club, all that other stuff. And it was somebody has was saying to me the other day, they was like, do you wish it wouldn't have happened? I was like, honestly, no. It shocked me. But what I had to deal with internally and what I had to become okay with inside of me because of that situation, it made me into a man that I would've never met had it not happened. Mm. It changed my whole view of who I was called to reach and how much I needed anybody's applause.


Mm, damaged But not destroyed. But not destroyed. What do you hope people get from this book, man? Yeah, I believe that if you read this book and actually do the work that's in here, I tell people this all the time. It may not have been your fault, what happened to you, but it is now your responsibility. It's time to do the work. And I'm just here to say I've had to do the work in front of people, like with hundreds of thousand peoples watching me, judging me. All this stuff. You can do this work. That's right. No matter where you are, how much money you have, what your family thinks about it, you will become a different person that will be able to actually be a blessing to other people. The healed version of you is better than the version of you that you have right now.


I dedicated this book to my great grandkids, like in the dedication. I I, I Now, my oldest daughter's 10 And I dedicated it because the Bible says a good man leaves an inheritance for his children's children. And yes, I wanna leave them houses and yes, I wanna lead them investments, but I wanna leave them emotional health. I pray one day my grandson picks this book up and is able to say, my grandpa will dealt with his stuff. And I know I'm struggling right now because life be life in and everybody's gonna go through It. But God be God. But God be Therapy and therapy. BB therapy go. And that's why the back of the, it's a double cover. The front is me smiling. That's the triumph. But the back of it is me, my dad, my four brothers and my son.


Mm. This is a picture of all of us. It looks like me, but it's all of us, right? 'cause your damage affects every person you say you love. So if you want do the work, join me. Damage but not destroy. We pray. You want Me? Pray for you. Of course. Let's pray for, pray for Father. We just thank you for this opportunity to be here, to be in this moment, to be with you. For everybody listening and with my four brothers in the room, I thank you Father that something was said here that sparks their faith to believe that you can help them deal with their damage. God, we got different relationships, different responsibilities, different pains, different hurts. But God, you know them all. I thank you that by faith something is about to change on the inside of every person, under the sound of my voice, bring back a moment, a memory, a reason why they need to make this step.


And I thank you that no matter what has happened to them, no matter how bad or how good, I thank you that you can take our trauma and you can turn it into triumph. You can take our pain and you can turn it into platform. Father, I thank you for all the people who are damaged but not destroyed. Bless them is my prayer. In Jesus' name we agree. Amen. Amen. Ladies and gentlemen, Pastor Mike Todd, we appreciate You brother. I appreciate y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you just joining us Big Mac, one of our producers up here, you know him from wilding out. He got pretty upset. And that's because Jess hilarious, very own, just hilarious. Had a baby shower and didn't invite him. And he's mentioned it several times and he's pretty upset about it.


He, he's even said that you guys shoot skits together, you guys do the eating videos with each other and he was pretty hurt About it. I'm gonna be honest with you. All of those things are things that it feels like Jess hilarious is forced to do because Jess going to eat regardless. 'cause she pregnant. You know what, Emini here. So I think Mac is using her as an excuse to eat more. And the skit thing is all about showing stomachs. Oh. So yes, Jess is showing her stomach for nine months, got after nine months. She not gonna have a stomach. Mac has had that stomach at least 30 years. At least 30. How long? He was an intern up here. How long ago? About like 15. 15, 15 Years ago. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna say he had that stomach for 30 years.


So who, who stomach you going? Who you gonna do that when? When Jeff's going Mac. Damn He's not gonna do it with me. He's not going talk. He not even, we not even going to be thinking about doing him shit no more if I Come back. So Jeff, how come you didn't invite Mac? Just because It's just like, I don't see the problem but really, y'all know I'm not a good liar or I, no, I just, no, like it just 'cause You ain't think of him. That's it. That's really, that's the reality of it. You ain't think of him just, just because I knew, it just told me about the baby shower two months Agom And I knew I was gonna be out the country anyway so I couldn't attend. So she didn't want Mac there. That's fine. And it is not even that she didn't not want Mac there. She Just say she wasn't thinking about Mac.


Let her speak for herself baby. She didn't want Mac then, But that's what it was. No, it's not that I didn't want Mac there. First of all, people love Mac. A lot of people love Mac and they all know Mac and my family know Mac here. But no, that's just it. Like what is wrong? It wasn't enough food. And I even invited Jim Bullheaded to Vy. You ain't coming, you wasn't in Africa. I, I was. I had a show. I was outta town Somebody. I was in Columbia, South Carolina. Somebody just called You was not in Columbia on the fourth, On Saturday on the sixth. Oh, Saturday The sixth, whatever day that was. Yeah I Was, I was on the on the Saturday I was there. Yeah. Alright. Right then. Cool. All right. So it is what it is. But back to match. I'll see you when I get back. Boo Damn jsa Tell y'all.


Hey jsa, Jsa. Good morning. Good morning Envy. Good morning Jess. Congratulations. Thank you babe. Jsa, do you have coworkers like that? Like Yes, I've had multiple, they think they should be invited to everything. And I made the mistake before and became really close to my coworker and it didn't work out. I ended up having to get into a fist fight with Juan. Did you Win? Damn. Because yeah, listen, I'm Jamaican. I don't play. I ain't ask you that after. Did you win? Oh yes I did. Yes I did. Okay. But yeah, you came mixed business with, you know, Personal, not your Personal life.


Not in level, you know what I'm Saying? So you got into a fist fight with a stud. You was dating on your job. Jesus. Oh My God. Stop. Tell the truth. No, tell the truth. No I didn't. No I didn't. I can hear it in her voice. She don't want to admit it 'cause she Jamaican. Goodbye girl. Damnit Man. Bianca. He's so good. Yeah. What's up y'all? What's up? Good morning Now Bian boo. This says you, your coworkers be having parties and nobody be inviting you. Yeah, they gonna be inviting me. Like they be fucking my, oh we not inviting her because basically I'm the new girl there. But they be thinking like it bothers me. I don't wanna chill with y'all. You're old like 40 and up.


Watch your mouth. How old are you? I'm 30. But You want to go? 'cause if you wouldn't go, if you didn't want to go, you wouldn't be mentioning it. You bother. You lie you, I don't, I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go. I like being a homebody. You lying. You wanna go hit the electric slide with the mole heads one time? Yes you do. You lying your ass off. I'm just trying to be with the young kids. I be doing the hits with the young kids. Where you from? I'm from Harlem. Oh, okay, okay. Well that's, Yeah. So we be doing the little hits and stuff like that. My kids be laughing at me. Well I hope that your coworkers continue not to invite you. Damn. I hope so too.


Because I'm gonna be having my own party in my kids with my kids. How she hurt whenever you money. I'm gonna have my own party. That's what Mac gonna say next. I'm gonna have my own baby shower. I a stomach. Exactly. I look pregnant. Goodbye Janine. Oh my god. 805 85 1 0 5 1. If you just joining us Big Mac, one of our producer up here was very upset that he didn't get invited to Jess. Hilarious birthday party. Not birthday party. Baby shower. Sorry baby shower. It was actually Chris birthday party. 'cause it was Chris birthday too. Chris of cancer. Yeah, Chris of cancer in July 6th. Go ahead Chris. But see, but but you didn't even mention that you invited other people up here but just not him.


What is you talking about? Like, yo 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you have a coworker that invites everybody but you to your party? Is it just you? Let's talk about it. It's The Breakfast Club party. No, you changed it. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Hey, what Tide Tribute. Welcome brother. What's thanks for Having me. What's up y'all? How y'all feeling? Hey, congratulations. You just won a Grammy 2024 Grammy for guest gospel album, so congratulations. Ooh, thank you. It's three in total. Yeah, three in total. Man. I'm so hype about that and excited. Yeah. You know, I didn't, it wasn't needed but it's a, it's appreciated.


Do you pray for stuff like that? Nah, I used to. Okay. Okay, okay. I used to but I had to get my, you know, the reason why I do what I do. I had to get that in order. I had to, you know, intention. Yeah. Intention. Exactly. Last year I was nominated for two Grammys And I just knew I was gonna walk away with at least one. And when I walked away with none, it was like a soul check for me. Like, all right, well why do you do what you do bro? You gotta just, just kind reevaluate all of that stuff. So I kind of like stopped needing it. I stopped wanting it so bad and stopped. So ambitiously going for it. Just stick to the reason why I do what I do. Have fun doing it. Bless the people, show love, give them Christ. And this year when I walked away with it, yo we literally sat like in the back. 'cause the gospels, they, they don't present the gospel on the, on the Grammys we got the pre awards they could do.


I was like nine o'clock in the morning, you know what I'm Saying? So I had To wake up all early and we went to the, to the pre show and it's open seating there so you could see anywhere you want. Yeah. So my manager like, yo, come on, let's, let's go to the front bro. I'm like, nah man, I'm just gonna sit back here. We gonna take a LI don't like that long walk of shame, it's too far. So let's just stay close to the exit. So we was in the back chilling. I got it all on video and they called in everybody's name. Of course when they called my name, I was like, what? Yeah, Because I was really content. I had to learn really con just to be content. Yeah. Because, you know, being overly ambitious just robs you of gratitude and then you just get out and feel like going down that rabbit hole. So yeah, just love. So you had to Make, you had to take that long walk up to the stage. Then I had to take that long run.


I was running like, oh my goodness. Trying to figure out what I'm gonna say on the way because I literally didn't expect to win. But you know, I was gonna be there to show 'em how to be a, a good sore loser in Christ. Hmm. I want to ask you what I'm well being a a a gospel singer, do you feel like it's a lot of pressure on you where it is almost like people look at your life differently, right? Like they, it's almost like they want you to be perfect. Do you have a a, a hard time dealing with that? I dealt with that before I became a gospel artist. So speaking of growing up in the, in this small church, my grandmother was the pastor first. My dad was on the organ. I'm watching him every Sunday. Like, oh my god, this guy is a is amazing. I start playing, then he became the pastor. So I got that pressure as a pk.


Mm. The perfection, all of that. All of that. I got all of that pressure as, as a young kid, like 12 nine when I was, since I was, since I've been born, spotlight's been on me to be the poster child for what Christ is. I'm like, yo and Pastor kids be the worst. Yeah. Why you do pastor kids be the worst 'cause of the pressure though? Yeah. 'cause of the pressure leads you to a life of crime. Damn. Too much handcuffs leads to rebellion, man. You know what Emini here, that legalism and that religious structure, it leads to like, yo, I'm not cut out for this. I didn't sign up for this. Y'all sign up for this. Yeah. And the expectation is too much for me, yo.


So I, I just rebel. People go completely opposite of the ways that their parents bring them up when you bring them up too strict. I came up the same way. I had the pressure of perfection And I tried to live up to it until my parents got a divorce and I'm like, whoa. In my day that was like, you know, it's normal now. Every day. It happens every day. Back then it was like a culture shock for me. It shattered my whole world. I was like, bump the church then what I'm doing here. Why am I being favor to God? And he man, my dad, I'm out. You know what I'm saying? That's when I went to all the clubs, did all that stuff. I didn't dance though. I just played at all the clubs. I didn't, you know, I still didn't drink, didn't smoke. Yeah. I just went and played the keyboard at all. The club for like music, soul child, Jill Scott, everybody in the Philadelphia area, the roots and all that stuff.


So I'm in there playing hymns to the, to the beach. They don't even know what I'm doing. But I kind of had my little rebellious moment during that time just to find out who I am outside of y'all expectations, man, outside of who y'all saying God is to me. Let me find 'em for myself. Let me fi figure out who I am for myself. Yeah. And it's been the most liberating thing and I've been walking in that since. Did A lot of those triggers resurface in your marriage when you got Separated? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well, me and my wife separated. It was, it was, it was bad. Yo It was, it was very, very bad for me because I didn't think my whole thing when my father messed up with my dad, I'm like, I ain't never gonna be like him. I'm never gonna do that. No, no. So I went the pride way. So my heart just really was like, you know what, Emini here, I got more exposure than he ever got.


I got more notoriety than he ever got. And I'm still ain't going to do what he did. I'm still, man, that pride comes before a fall. And I fell hard And I moved to la My wife was in Jersey, we just separated. I didn't think we would ever, you know, get back together again. I was just out there working on me. She was out there, she was out there working on her, not really trying to get to marriage back together. And I think when you try to do that too soon, sometimes you, you you, you damage, you know, you damage it because you just, your point is just to try to get them, get back together, but not work on you. 'cause you still got stuff you gotta work on. I still had stuff I had to work on. I still had weaknesses I had to work on. And so I'm out there working on me. She's working on her. I'm praying, she's praying that God kind of just brought our hearts back together.


But through that whole time, I realized my mortality. I realized my humanism, I realized my weaknesses. I realized who I was for real. Like this religious perspective. I became that like, like now I, I, I'm a pastor, right? But I don't say I'm a pastor. I'm just, I'm just a child of God with an assignment. You understand what I'm saying? I'm a child of God who got something to say to a certain group of people. I don't become my assignment. You understand what I'm saying? But that's The World today. I, if I were to meet you in the street, the first thing I'll say is what do you do? Not who are you? You understand what I'm saying? And I think we lose who we are and what we do. And I, that's what I did. I got lost in all of that. And I forgot who I was. I I think you and your whole situation is just a testament to the glory of God.


You, you and your wife are together now, right? Yeah. She's right here. Right behind me, man. I'm Shante in the building now. You good Girl. And she survived a car. Y'all been through a lot. A whole, a whole, a whole lot. It seemed like a, a series of unfortunate events, you know what I'm saying? And her life Emini here. It, it just, it just, it just starts from, I'm gonna say it starts from birth. Everybody's life starts from birth. But with the, with growing up with parents like I had and she was basically fatherless for, for a long period of time, you grow with a whole lot of unmet needs. You know what Emini here, yeah. You have needs as a child that you should have met that you don't have met. Security, protection, encouragement, validation, all of these things.


We, we affection, we we have to grow up without that. Right? So now we gotta make the choice of either like living without it or killing the desire period. So now we commit what we call my man Tim Fletcher calls soul suicide. So you commit soul suicide because as a child, a 3-year-old, I need affection. I don't know. I need it, but naturally I need it. And if I don't get it, I just kill the desire for it. So now I'm in a relationship And I don't know how to be affectionate or something. Yeah. You understand what I'm saying? Or I got kids And I don't know how to show that because I've been killed that. So now we're trying to like restore those things and, and trying to do it in the context of marriage. I married her at 18. I was 21. So that's a, that's a kid.


Those are kids. When I look at them, them ages now I'm like, man, that was a kid that, that's really little kids. We, how long Y'all been together? How many Huh? How, how long y'all been together? 28 now. Yeah, that's right. 28 years. Yeah. My wife 26. Oh for real? And being his wife. 30, 30. Oh word. Yeah. Oh, congrats bro. Congrats All. We got more with Ty Trit when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess Shem, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ty Trit. It seems like for a while, maybe the last 10 years, it seems like being a pastor was cool, right? So it was like, like everybody wanted to be a rapper. Everybody wanted to be a podcast host. It seemed like a lot of people wanted to be a pastor for the wrong reasons. Yeah.


How do you feel about that Era? You missed that era. The pastor era. I don't remember the pastor era. You don't Uhuh man. It was building them huge churches. Everybody was, I think the pastor phenomenon came from oh man, Getting money in The church. It's, it is a bunch of different things. You can speak to it more, but I think getting money in the church and how you look and how you're praised is, and you forget that he's supposed to be praised, but period, me praise you and all that type of stuff. So yeah, I see a lot of Instagram pastors out there. But you know what it is, what It, you killed it. You killed that whole thing. I think a lot of pastors were not called the pastor. They just, you know, study. You go to school and then you just become a pastor. Like you become a manager at, you know, Publix or something like that. Yeah.


And that's, that's unfortunate for a lot of people who invest their, you know, money, time, attention and their soul into people who they believe are literally called from God. I don't believe a lot of pastors are. I think, I think it's a system now. Oh God, it's a system. Everything is a system and systems work with or without God. So I think the institution of church is whack. I think how church is ran is whack. I think the religious system and structure is whack. I don't subscribe to it, even though I grew up in it. I benefited from it. But I learned that God is not the church. And once I realized, whoa, God ain't church that for me.


You know what? Emini here. I ain't from the streets. I'm from the church. So that was a huge thing as well. It's in the Bible that says you can't Even find God in a manmade temple. Why? Why don't we read that though? How, how often do you hear that sermon? No. You hear people, pastors make the people about the church. We got the church name. We church. And the church and the bumper stick. The church. The church. The church Should be about the people. Yeah. Yeah. The church should be about the people. But the church makes the people about the church. So all churches now are a movement, but they're not about the people. They're not about serving and loving the people. So I, I, I, I, I, I just kind of pulled that. We line right now, we're not even in a building, a physical building or nothing like that. So live church, shout out to live church. I love y'all so much.


Let me ask you a question, right? So growing up in Queens, I went to Catholic school, right? Mm. My zone school was the worst. So my parents was making me go to Catholic school. I wasn't going to Andrew Jackson, but I noticed in Catholic school as a kid, Catholic school's 30, 30 minutes, maybe 35. You up outta there is I bing gone join, I'm back home. Baptist church is three hours. You know what? Emini here. So we got More to say. No, explain. But, but It's to the point as a kid. Yeah. You know, you, you feel like I, I get everything I need in this 30 minutes. I don't need this in three and a half hours. So I always wonder like, why is the church so long? Because you know, you got announcements, then you passed it, you gonna pass it around twice then sister so-and-so got talk about the, and If you don't give enough on the first offering, you back, come back.


I know y'all got 50 more hours. We almost, we reach our goal. Right? We ain't there. Almost It double back. You know what Emini here. And I think that's part of it. Why it's so long. Yeah. I think churches have changed since then. I don't think churches is three hours like that anymore. I've seen church structures like 90 minutes. You know what I'm saying? They, they try to be more mindful of that and the more, you know, current churches and stuff like that. Yeah. They try to, they try to cut that down a little bit. But I think the reason is is people just have a lot of expression, man. They got a lot of, they got a lot to say. They got a lot to, to get out, you know? Understand what I'm saying? I hated the long churches. I grew up Pentecostal. Hmm. So I'm Pentecostal Church what? Three hours? That's it. We just getting right. Yo, three hours. When you said three hours, like what Man, we just getting started.


We ain't had nothing else to do. We ain't had no social media. Sundays was for God. So we was gonna stay all Sunday. So after the five hour service back, gotta leave food after the five hour service. You, you, you service. Come on. You what? You better stay for that second service. We got people coming From Baltimore. The, we got, yo we got another church coming at six. We like, Damn, I don wanna go home. I hated that, but I'm so glad it was like that for me as a, as a, as a young jet. You understand what I'm saying? I'm so glad it was like that for me. 'cause it just kept me from a whole lot. Is it, is it true that you worked on Justin Timberlakes Cry A River? Yeah, I worked on, I was, we was in the root studio again growing up in the Philly, Camden Philly area.


We did our first album in at the, at the root studio. Crazy how we got signed too. Vivian Green is like a r and b soul artist. And she was doing a showcase for Tommy Mottola and Donny Ener and the Max Sony. And she said, Ty, you know, I was like her cousin at the time. We were like, real close, Ty, I want you to MD my showcase. I said, all right, be I got a little, couple people from the choir, couple people from the band. We just put together a little show for Viv. So speaking of energy and all that, we in there with Tommy Mottola and Donny Iron and all these people at Columbia. And I'm just a young, you know, I'm just playing. I'm like this all the time. If I'm playing, everything is energetic. So they like, we love Vivian Green, we're gonna sign her to Columbia and we're going to sign this guy right here. Who's that? And they was like, oh no, no, no, no, that's, that's a, that's a gospel guy.


You know, he, he does choir and stuff like that. We're signing Vivian and we're signing the gospel guy. I was like, what? Within 90 days we had a contract at our crib for from Columbia Records. No demo, no black and white, no, no profile pick, no, no nothing. And we got signed to Columbia with Vivian or y'all was separate. Nah, she got her deal. I got my deal. So my first album came out under Columbia Records called Life Be because of that. That moment right there, I'm like, well God is really real. You know what? Emini here, Emini here. You could say being in the right place at the right time. But I believe in the favor of God. And so we are doing our album in the Roots studio. James Poiser, shout out James Poiser was the producer on that. He's with the roots now. You see him on Jimmy Fallon every night in the root studio.


They had the plant base, you know, stuff going on. Marijuana, the burning bush, the plant base. They had the burning bush every single day. GA was in there. We was in there getting contact, you know, trying to sing the praises of the Lord and just being in that environment. Then the roots was like, oh you know, why don't you do this such and such coming to the studio, such and such coming to the studio such and such. We just became the choir for like everybody who came. So we are on Jessica Simpson's Christmas album. We're on so many albums as as background singers. So Timberland came through and we just caught a vibe. Timberland, we was just in there, just vibing. Tim just put a beat on it. We was just in there playing. I love working with Tim. Tim, if we could ever do that again, bro.


Look to Tim. Yeah, yeah, please. Let's hook that up. Yeah. So we was in there vibing the cry Me, cry me a river. He said, I got this song for justice. So I'm in there like, okay, do do. So that's me playing that literally on The World of sir. Ah, love that. Yeah. That's literally literally me. And then the background's on there. Me and my girl Marsha from Flory did the background legend. Yeah. Ain't she amazing? Yo, absolutely shout out Marsha. I love you girl. We did the backgrounds to that. And so just when it came out and we listening to it and it's everywhere. It's in seven 11. It said while we like, oh my, that's us. That's us. Yeah. Shut up boy. That'll be $20. You know what Emini here. I'm like, wait.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Hold on. Gimme little Sprite. Just go like that. So Back into that of that must've been Crazy. No, The back end money must've been crazy. Did you get paid for it the right way? Oh damn. I got $2,000 for it. Not the pastor. Oh man. Not the you going the pastor. Well I know you cried. You were river. That's all you got for that Lord. That Murphy $2,000 for Crime And River. Yeah, I got $2,000 for that. But you and you played it. I played it. We did the arrange the song. That's the song. That's what everybody knows. That's when what you hear when that's what you look for. Fuck ain't no happen to anybody of it. They don't take care of the pastor. Tim, you being called Tim.


It was. It was was. It was. It was. Yeah. But you know, I didn't know the business at the time And I was so hyped to get $2,000. I ain't know what to do y'all. I think I treated everybody to a fry at McDonald's everybody. I know that's right. You understand what I'm saying? Mm. So I was just so hype, but I didn't know the business then. So I ain't got no hard feelings. That on Elise. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You can go check it out All. Well don't move. We got more with Ty Trit when we come back. Gospel artist is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Is the DJ and D Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are. The Breakfast Club is two kicking with gospel artist Ty Trivi. Now you just got off Tour, right? And I did an all things new tour in the spring and then I did the reunion tour in the fall or winter. It was, it was amazing. Dude that with Kirk and Clark sisters, Israel, David and Tamela.


Man that was incredible. My first arena tour never did that before. So I'm like to hear the songs and with all them people it was just, it was, it was surreal. So we're doing it again this year. I'm going out May, June on the only one night though tour. Only one night though. That's my new single. That's out only one night though. And the tour is going May, June. I'm telling y'all I have a second win of of, of, of some sort. I don't have a second, third, or fourth, whatever. But I have this, this momentum behind me right now. And I am so excited to get out there and, and do this music. I got new music coming, book coming podcast. All this stuff is, is coming, you know, off the hinges of the Grammy. And it's just a good season for me right now.


You know? So I want everybody to come. What? He's great. So what you did for me growing up is wow to your music. You, you didn't make it You like you, you and Kirk Franklin was the first two men that did not make listening to gospel boring. Right, Right. Our trip and Kirk Franklin, that's what's up. And that's what I love about your music Or the song you remember the movie Made No way. Ah, Make Free. I can't even, then you go into the a I can't even, you know what Emini here, I don Too much. Ladies and gentlemen. Types do People have, do you think people have my time is about, no, but do you think people have a problem with God? No. No, No, no, no, No.


Absolutely not. Emini here. You think most people honor everybody? I respect every, yeah. My whole life has been God fearing. But see, I think that you have to show and prove that through actions and you know what I'm saying? I think it's one thing to say, oh, I believe in God, I love God. It's that. But do you really try to at least strive to move the way God would want you to move? Okay. I think that's the difficult, Okay, so it's not the belief, it's the Behavior. Yes. Mm. I think a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes It's the behavior of the messenger. What You mean? Somebody will say, I have an assignment. Right? Like you said, I have an assignment and maybe your assignment is to help Jess and her situation and her problems. And maybe you do, but then you as a person is not coming from the perspective of somebody giving an assignment.


You see what I'm saying? I Disagree with that. But that's what little bit, that's what makes me hard to see. Because you're giving the excitement but you're not living. Right. It's like are you really giving the excitement? But nobody around Jesus was living. Right. That's all I about to say. Like was your, was your teacher living algebra? Like, you know what I'm saying? Can somebody give No I'm Can somebody give you information that'll help you? Yes. Yes. That's still flawed, right? That I still do. Yeah. Right. But sometimes it's like, is that information true? If you out there selling crack every night giving crack to our youth, you might be out. I feel you, me and saving me. But then you're killing a hundred others. It's like, is that it's hard coming from God or is that coming from a negative, an evil, the devil. You see what I'm saying? So it's kind of hard. I Got you hard to trust it Separate and trust it.


But That's what discernment comes in. Right? Exactly. So you need the spirit as well. You know what I'm saying? That's what I think. So when I said how you feel about God, I was gonna ask how you feel about all of that. You say you're too grown for the Holy Ghost. But it is Because I think they be playing. Yeah, yeah. I know what you're saying. And Some people, some people do. They most do most, Oh, I got one last question because you just made me think of something. This conversation me and Jess had when they had the New Year's Eve thing and they did the swag surf in the church. Oh, Thank y'all for having me, man. Appreciate it. Yeah. I Thought it was very much clowned out. No, no. Tell them what you thought, tell, tell the pastor what you thought up here. I Didn't think it was anything wrong with it. 'cause my whole thing was they doing it outside the church anyway. Yeah. You know what Emini here.


So if you're having a, and it wasn't like it was a regular church service, it was new New Year's Eve, they partying. You know what Emini here. Yeah. So I What did you think you stepped out differently? I thought that, I thought that all of them were clowns. I'm very much sorry about that. But You said all of them were clowns. Everybody was clowns because that was the explicit version band played. Just like I told Charlamagne, I'm like, nah, I didn't grow up like that in church. Like it's just certain things you don't play with. I yeah, you get swag and surf all day. I even if he disagree, I don't care. Yeah. I I Still think that it was clown off. Nah, I agree. Agree. I agree with you in that the, the lyrics was like, yeah, I Couldn't believe I was hearing that Surf all day. Hennessy. Yeah. I got patron on my aunt. This girl got a bad behind me and a friend right beside beside me Didn't play a clean version though.


They didn't play a clean version. No, it was an explicit version. I think that was a, a mistaken production or something like that. I don't think that was intentional. I think the church I, And I, I'm the wildest, craziest, I'm, I'm with everything. I swag, I whatever. I still think that the church should have something a sacred, sacred Like what? Sacred to, why Don't you gotta meet People where they are? They say, they say meet people where, where they are. He take that and they run with that though. I'm not with that. Nobody, if Jesus met somebody where they were, he literally went to them. Like when they come to church, they're meeting you where you are. To the pastor. Go to the shrimp club Is what you saying? That's what you say. I'm with that too. I'm saying you, they should be across the street from the strip club so that when they come out. Got you. Yeah. Not inside.


Ty, have you ever been to a strip club? I I have been to a strip club. I have. Yeah. Yeah. You have? I have been to a strip club. You to a strip club? Yeah. It was a birth. What birthday was it? I'm 48 now. I just wanted, it was one of them, them years when I was like, forget the church bump that I'm go, I'm going there. I did not enjoy, I went one time in my entire life. Did you pray over the girls? I didn't pray over 'em. No, I didn't. I didn't pray. I prayed over myself more than anything. Yeah. Like please it. I not, huh? Why didn't you like it? Oh man, for real. Well Your wife is so nevermind. No, no, no. Did you go I didn't enjoy, I didn't enjoy, I have never talked about this in my life. I said people who know me for real. I have. I didn't enjoy the performers.


What state was it? Florida Should have went to Atlanta. No, Florida. Could you mean Florida? Atlanta. Crazy what you would do, especially in Miami. Yeah. So I didn't enjoy, I didn't enjoy the, the, the performers. And I was like, this is why I don't belong here. Yeah. Booby Trap wasn't open back then. You would the love It's okay. Or perfections. I I think I'm, I think God was like, you got it out. You good. The little prodigal moment that you straight. Right. So this is what you wanted. Did you you I'm like, man, this is not what, it's not only crap. God, I had all The fours and fives there that night. All the tens was on Tuesday. He should, God knew what he was doing. God knew exactly what you, You know, I don't have time for this on Tuesdays I had, I left.


Yo, I I never, I never ever desire to go back, ever. It was horrible, bro. Yeah, it was horrible man. Can you pray for this stupid show? Can you please very Much. Hey, first of all, thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. Man. I I, I appreciate what y'all do for, for, for the culture, y'all. Thank you. It is amazing what y'all do here. Thank you for keeping it positive and you crazy. Y'all all crazy. But that's, that's, that's who we are. And yeah, we're not ashamed of who we are. Let's pray for a minute, huh? Okay Father God, I thank you for this opportunity to just, to pray over these blessed people and, and and this show. I pray now, God, that you just continue to be our guide and our lead. There are so many needs just in this room and so many needs of people that are listening.


We can't solve every need. We don't know every need, but you promise to supply every need. So I pray from emotions to finances, to, to mental health, to physical health, to relational security. I pray that you just supply every need. Once we're in scarcity and we need, we get desperate and we do things that's not even in our character. So may we never be insecure and may we never lack anything. And when we never fear perfect love, cast out all fear, fill us with your perfect love today. And we won't fear anything. We won't fear the enemy. We won't fear the way of The World. We won't fear anything because we are loved by you.


Let everybody know for an as assurety that they are loved crazy and all backsliding and all not whatev, whatever state we're in, it does not disqualify us from your everlasting love. So embrace us with that today. In the name of Jesus. Bless everyone, bless Charlamagne bless envy, bless Jess. Bless this show. God let it be a beacon of light and a beacon of hope to everyone who listens. Let it put a smile on people's face. Put joy in their heart and a happiness in their day. I thank you for the opportunity to pray over this And I pray in Jesus name that it prospers in Jesus name. Amen. Amen. Amen. Prosper brother Tie trip. Hey, I love y'all man.


You so much man. I'm a Democrat. So being donkey of the day is a little bit of a mix. So like a donkey, the The Breakfast Club bitches. Now I've been called a lot in my 23 years. That Donkey of the Day is a new one. Donkey of the Day, again goes to a 39-year-old man from St. Paul named Kyle Band work. Now I'm gonna tell you something times is hard out here, okay? There's a very wide gap between the haves and the have nots. That's why all these politicians need to remember these wise four words from James Carville. And those words are, it's the economy stupid. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. People wanna know how you gonna put more money in their pocket and people wanna know how you gonna keep them safe.


It's that simple. If you're talking about how I can save buddy, if you're talking about how you can make my bills lower, if you're talking about me being able to afford a nice vacation every now and then you are talking my language. And you know another thing money can buy that we don't talk about enough. What? Transportation. Okay? People want to be able to afford a dependable set of wheels. I'm not talking about no Bentley Phantom Range Rover. No, we not chasing luxury cars. We sticking to the non-luxury cars that we used to the forge, the Hondas, the Nissans, the Kias folks just want a reliable set of wheels to get them from A to B. Okay? We take that for granted in our society. There is someone out there listening to me right now who can't afford a car. They waiting for public transportation right now are waiting for somebody to get him a ride.


Okay? They watching people drive by dreaming of one day old in that 2013 Toyota Avalon. You take it for granted, okay? And this is how we get the Kyle van works. See there was a woman who got pulled over in St. Paul and the officer thought she needed a sobriety test. It was the officer was giving the woman a sobriety test. There was a man named Kyle. And Kyle was sitting there at a nearby bus stop minding his business, daydreaming of the day. He don't have to ride public transportation anymore, praying for the blessing of a Nissan Alt Altima, okay? He just want him a nice little premium Kyle. And he sees this woman getting a sobriety test. As he's sitting at the bus stop, he starts thinking to himself, look at this woman possibly drunk and driving, mismanaging the blessing of a car.


And then a voice told Kyle, another person's mismanagement of a blessing is an opportunity to show God what you would do if you had said blessing. And then this happened. Let's go to NBC 11 for the report Police. As part of the statewide towards zero death enforcement focused on arresting impaired drivers. A St. Paul police officer pulled over. A woman he says, was speeding driving a Lincoln Navigator at about 6:00 PM Sunday. And according to a criminal complaint, when the officer began field sobriety testing, a completely unrelated man who was sitting on a nearby bus stop bench got into the driver's seat of the woman's car. Police say the man was 39-year-old Kyle Van Wt, who has a long history of minor crimes involving drugs and theft before the officer could stop him.


Court papers say Van WT sped away in the woman's SUV. Let's go Kyle. After the chief drove away in the Lincoln Navigator, the woman told police her iPhone and other electronics were still inside. So using the iPhone's find me app, the woman was able to help police track it to Apple Valley where they found the iPhone apparently tossed out the window by the thief. But little did he know that the woman still had an apple air tag dangling from the key chain. Oh, they found the SUV chased it and finally arrested Van Wir. What part of Grand Theft Auto mission is this? Kyle was sitting at the bus stop waiting for somebody to be drunk, be too drunk to notice that car's missing. Okay?


And he jumped right in and stole it. That's not even criminal behavior, that's just opportunistic stupidity. Okay, Kyle, even though I'm giving you the credit you deserve for being stupid, I see your vision, okay? I can understand what you did there. You at the bus stop this woman getting a sobriety test. In your mind. In your mind you was like, if I had the blessing of a car, I would never drive drunk. But you got to wait on the Lord, Kyle. You got to wait on Jesus, have patience and wait for the things you want most. Don't chase it, don't run after it. Please don't steal it. If God wants you to have it, he will give it to you. Amen. You can't take it. And that's what Kyle did. And you heard in the news report, he didn't get away simply because the young woman had an apple air tag inside her vehicle.


Not to mention everything is a tracking device nowadays. You heard the news report. The woman left her phone and other electronics in the car. He threw it out the window. But she still had the apple air tag on her key chain. Also, I need to say the woman did not get a DWI. St. Paul Police said she was not over the legal limit. But guess who was Kyle? Dammit man. Oh shoot. Kyle was high and on drugs. Right? Police just waiting on his blood test to come back. All right. And as you heard in the news report, he has a history of drugs and theft. Wouldn't surprise me. Okay. It wouldn't surprise me at all. If you steal a car in the middle of a sobriety test while the police are right there, then it's safe to say it's probably you who needs the sobriety test.


Please give Kyle van work the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You are The donkey of the day. You're the donkey the day You aimed a little too high too. What you mean? Yeah. You don't do that with the Lincoln Navigator. You gotta stay with the, what you got where you started. It was the premium vehicles. You know what I'm saying? Stay with the premium vehicles Like Ultima Nissan. Yeah, yeah. Nissan Altima, Maxima, you know, Camry, Toyota Camry, you know Avalon, like say right in that range.


You wanna play game? Nope. I wanna play game. I don't know what race is. I really don't. Oh, I have no idea. Can't we guess? And and just Google it like I don know. Can we go, if you can pull up his picture party pooper, pull up his picture. I don know. I really have no idea what's racist. Oh, I'm lying. I do. What am I'm talking about? Okay, let's play a game and do we really need to play a game? I feel like it's a shoeing Emini here. All right. I I guess his last name is van work guys. Kyle Van wt. So he white. Yes. I guess I said I don was the game you thinking black at first? I, yeah, I was a little, I was think a low black at first too. I was like, I was, I was taking a low black at first too.


Yeah, a little five drive. Why? Hmm? Why was no way the story went. Why? Just the way the story went. Tell me more. No, tell me more. I don't Have to tell us why. Identify as a cat right now. I meow. Ask me a question. Go. Nope, meow. Alright. Rudolph the red nose. Red Nose. Come nose outta every shiny nose. And if you ever saw him, you wouldn't even say Come on, come on. Breakfast Car bitches. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Come on now we have Sarah Jake Roberts. Welcome. Thank you.


How, How you feeling? I feel good. I'm a little tired, but I'm glad to be here. Okay, Good. But the new book Power Moves ignites your confidence and become a force. What did the inspiration for the book come From? It really started about five years ago. Whenever I'd finished speaking, people would always tell me like, that was so powerful. You're so powerful. But I didn't really feel powerful. Like I'll be in the fight of my life up there. And I started just asking God, like what does it mean to truly be powerful? And I feel like God just revealed to me that it has so much to do with obedience and authenticity. But not only that, that power is a flow. And so what makes me powerful when I'm preaching is different than what makes me powerful as a mother. So I started digging into the fluidity of power.


And this notion that power moves and embracing that from season to season really started resonating with me. I do have a question. This is gonna sound stupid, but I just want people to understand, you know, where you came from and, and how you got into faith. I know you were here last time. So for people that don't know, they, they automatically assume that your dad was in, is into religion. That's what got you into it. But you had a, a different start with you. So let's talk about that a little bit first. So how did you start and how did you get to where you at now and and the fact that you had your first child at 14 and let's, let's break that all down for people. And he's in the studio and he's in a grown man. That's right. He's a grown man want I know. What a full Beard full. He's though, Don't give him that much gas. He don't need that.


That He's, That's a child over there. Yeah. So my dad has been in ministry my whole life and growing up when I was growing up in church, like we were at church every single day of the week and you either found a spot, you were in the choir, you were dancing, you were doing something, or you were like, me and you were sitting in the corner somewhere. And I can remember my siblings telling me like, you gonna go to hell? Like you can't shadow me. Jesus, you can't clap. Like you gonna go to hell. And I was like, you might be right. Because what I'm listening to on the radio, like what's resonating with me, it doesn't align with what's being preached. And so I never really felt like I had a sense of belonging within faith. And then when my father's ministry kind of took off, I didn't know where I fit within the dynamic of our family at all.


And so I tried to find myself a 13-year-old trying to find herself is gonna be open to anything. And so I got pregnant at 13. I had my son at 14, which just further confirmed to me like, you not one of the good girls. And so I spent probably 10 years of my life just being like, all right, faith isn't for me, you guys, not for me. I'm gonna figure out what's happening outside. Mm. And I got to this phase after this traumatic experience in my first marriage where I almost got arrested And I was defending the right to keep my kids. And I was like, I have tried literally everything. I might as well just try faith. And I wasn't trying to build a platform, I was trying to build myself. And I started blogging about all of my experiences.


And it turns out that there were like other women who felt maybe forgotten by church, felt like because they didn't fit. Did you feel that way? Like especially 'cause your dad was in ministry. Did you feel like his church forgot about you? Especially that being your dad? And It's hard, like knowing what I know now, it's hard to say because I felt so much shame from having a teen pregnancy that I'm sure that there were people who were like still loving on me. But I couldn't cut through the idea of like, during purity culture, the height of purity culture, you done got pregnant, right? Like this, it just doesn't align. And I don't know, 'cause even my father is surprised that my life has turned in this direction. So I'm not sure if anyone thought that I was gonna be the girl talking about Jesus, but I tried it for myself And I started sharing it with like these other misfits.


And it turns out there were a lot of us, like back row churchgoers who were there because we had to be but didn't fit in. And I was able to give them a voice and a language through trying to find my own voice and language and it's resonated with them. What, What level of ratchet were you on a scale of like one did? Hmm? Weller. Well, at the end of the day, the day's gotta end. I don't know, I don't, I don't even know how to answer that question. Yes. But Emini here, I, I was not outside. I was not trying to be the good girl at all. Like I embrace this idea of like, you can just do your own thing and try anything. So Emini here, I did quite a few things.


It, It is interesting to hear you say the bishop was surprised to see how things turned out because I'm sure him and you know the first lady was praying over you and asking God to turn you around. I'm sure it would make sense, right? Yeah. But Emini here, I have always been very strong-willed. I've always been my own person. And so I think that they were praying, but just like we praying, we like, I don't know if you gonna answer this prayer. Yeah, yeah. We'll see how it happens. I don't think that they were for sure knowing that things were absolutely going to turn around. Even if they did turn around, I don't think anyone anticipates like, oh she's going be in ministry. Because that's not necessarily a turnaround. Like maybe she'll figure out who God is. But this fact that she's also gonna be in ministry and helping others, that was a wild card nobody saw coming. Mm.


I feel sometimes when, especially when people play with the church, right? And I, And I'll tell you why I say play with the church, they come off like very church holier than thou, right? So when they speak, a lot of people actually believe it and listen because they feel like they study, they go through it, they read the Bible, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But also you realize that person is not a good person. So where do you cross the lines of somebody taking on an assignment, doing something positive? I think you spoke about it earlier, somebody giving a message opposed to who they are as a person. Like can somebody give a message and be a effed up person? Yeah. Emini here a broken clock is right twice a day. You know what Emini here, you don't even have to be a Christian to say something that could be profound and deep, but that doesn't change the fact that you have an opportunity to be more fully integrated in your character.


But I think that the messages that resonate the most are from people who are literally walking it out, living it out. And so it does discredit the message sometimes when you're telling me something that you don't live by. But I think about it like this. So I'm a parent and now that my children are moving into adulthood, I recognize that many of the things that we have told them growing up, they're also realizing that I am figuring it out with them as well. And I don't know that it's a lot different in ministry. Like this is where the goal is. I think we all know where the goal is, but I'm still working it out too. I think where people get in trouble is that they're not actually doing the work. Like I'm telling you that this is the goal and I'm doing the exact opposite of it, which is why I've tried to be really intentional about being authentic.


Like I'm going through depression, I'm going through an anxiety, this is what I'm learning in the midst of that. Because it doesn't serve me for me to come off as your God when we all need the same one. So I try to really make sure that I'm not on a pedestal. I try to kick the pedestal down. Like You see a preacher, a preacher will be preaching, right? And then he's cheating on his wife. Yeah. Or a preacher will be preaching and then he's hitting his wife. You know what, Emini here. So when you see that it's, it's kind of difficult to uphold a preacher and you be like, oh we just playing this game or, or do you really feel that way and really made a mistake? You, you understand what I'm saying? Well, Emini here, I, I can't judge someone's heart And I can't judge their experiences. So I'm a little hesitant to really make a judgment on situations like that. I'm not, I'm not saying anybody in particular.


If anybody's listening, there's nobody in particular. Yeah. Well you know people, I don't, I don't know anyone either who's going through this, but I think people infer a lot. But I will say this like preachers are human. So if you are who you are and you can cheat on your wife and a preacher can cheat on his wife, like he's a man too, she's a woman too. And so you guys are still gonna have the same areas of temptation that you need to overcome. I think your response to that, like what is my response? How do I grow from here? How do I create boundaries? Do I need to sit down? Do I need to heal? Like I think how you handle your humanity in the face of this divine call is what's most important. I am careful that pastors don't have a license to do whatever they want to because of the power they hold.


Correct. I think that you can be human, but all of us need to be trying, stretching, growing to be more like Jesus. Yeah. Or we are up here playing. I'm not asking you to be perfect. I'm asking you to really be on this walk for real. That's Right. Who is this white pastor you talking about? My black pastors Don't cheat. And does he listen to The Breakfast Club? That's right. Alright, we got more with Sarah, Jake Roberts when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still have Sarah Jakes Roberts in the building. Jess, I wanted 'cause you are a mother of six. Yeah. And we are busy, extremely busy with your podcast and then you writing a book and then traveling.


How do you balance that? Like motherhood? I know you said your children are going into adulthood, but how do you balance that?


Well, The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you could be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers. Working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


Oh yeah. And I feel for you because you got a lot going on. Yeah, I think it's the message of this book. I think it's really allowing myself to like flow in a different definition of power. Yeah. Based off of each of those roles. 'cause as much as I wanna bring the same intensity to everything I do, if I do that, I may end up damaging my children because I'm talking to them like a business partner. And so really defining for myself what does it mean to be powerful in these specific roles, and how much capacity do I have to show up in that space. Asking for help. You know, changing and modifying my life to really fit my priorities has done a lot. And then also just making sure my kids know, like I'm tired. So my daughter is eight, she was devastated when I left yesterday.


Yeah. She was like, please don't leave me. Literally, she was like, can you please come home, man? And I'm like, I just need this one week to get this book in as many hands as possible. And then mommy will be home. But unpacking to her like, you know, you do this well, I'm doing this. So she understands this. Sometimes absence does not mean that I don't care. Yeah. And it's a balancing walk. Especially I think if you have mom guilt like I do sometimes. Yeah. But I also want her to see a woman walking in her purpose and being excited about it and changing lives. So I share testimonies with her too. I'm like, let's sit down and read these comments from this weekend. Thank you for being a part of this. So she feels a part of it as well. Okay. Because my, my son is 12 now. Yeah. But I miss a lot of him being, going from grade to grade, you know?


'cause my mom, between my mom and his dad, that's who has him. Yeah. I was touring a lot before I actually got to do this. Yeah. And I just feel so guilty a lot sometimes like, ugh. And now I have this new baby and I'm like, I'm bringing him up to Jersey with me and he wants to grow up in the house with the baby instead of me being in Jersey with the new baby with, you know, and then him still being with my mother. Like, And I don't want to repeat that. Right, right, right. I don't wanna Do that again. So I feel guilty. So I had my son at 14 And I think one of the things that makes me feel most guilty is that I know that I was growing up while he was growing up. And so the way that I'm able to be present, even for my younger kids, I know that he didn't have that. So I think one, I don't know if you have to deal with this, but I had to really forgive myself for what I didn't know when I was raising him.


Yeah. You know, I just, I didn't know I did the best that I could and to trust that I still have opportunity. If you think about adult children who were wounded from relationships that didn't go well with their parents, they're still a little kid inside of them. Yeah. That wants their parent to show up, that wants to experience healing in that space. And so it reminds me too that I'm never out of time. So I'm constantly still reparenting him even at 21 years old. Gotcha. You know, in the, in the clamp down chapter, you start by saying, if you're one of those people who know better and instantly do better, I'm probably gonna be the friend who you roll your eyes at constantly. Why? Why are you that friend? Because things need to marinate from me. Like I don't just activate things like you could tell me like you need to be vegan And I will, I'm going to let that marinate for a year or two before that actually activates.


Because I don't do things just because someone says that I should do them. It has to be real. I have to have a conviction about it. But I will marinate it so I can figure out like, how does this revelation actually fit within the context of my life? So in the back of the books, each book has like something to marinate on, something to activate and something to pray on. 'cause I know everyone moves into change differently. I, I love the marinating before activating, but I feel like that's probably how the majority of us move. But is there ever a time we shouldn't marinate before activating? Like the spirit says do it and we just Go mm. Emini here to each his own. I think if you feel I'm not into telling folks what they should do. You know what Emini here, like I think if you feel like there's an A now on it, you should do that.


You should move in it now. And a lot of times when we move in it, now we learn the marination lessons afterwards, you know? But yeah. So What about the spirit though? Like the spirit says move, like the spirit always tells you to be patient and marinate. I'm in relationship. I She snatch your wig off on stage. You didn't marinate on on that. I didn't have A choice. She didn't match Up and it's coming off and she got Tired of, I didn't have a choice. I didn't have a choice that, oh lord know. But yeah, no, no, I ha I was in the spirit in that I had a mission to accomplish And I didn't want anything to distract me. And my husband wasn't there, my parents weren't there. So it wasn't like I was gonna be able to toss the microphone. I was the, you know, senior leadership person that was present in that room.


And so I had to take it off. I didn't love it, I didn't enjoy it, but I stood up to it. And I think it was really interesting 'cause I was going through something at that time where I was wondering could I be in Dallas, a part of senior leadership, like with my past, with the way that I preach, with the way that I'm a little different than I guess traditional pastors. And I really did feel like God was trying to tell me like, just be authentic. Just trust yourself in that season of my life. And so that Sunday when I'm sitting there with a wig cap on and then other women start taking their wigs off on the altar, I was like, you know what? I think this may be God trying to tell me, you gonna have to show up as your full self in order to get this done.


And I know a lot of people made fun of it, but there were so many people who were like, seeing you stand there, being courageous, stepping into that moment helped me so much to just embrace who I am. And so I really feel like God took something that would've been very embarrassing and at least allowed there to be a buffer from the people who were moved by that moment. Well Us, at least for me. I was like, that's why we rock with her. A lot of people say that because you're just always willing to be your true self at all times. Well, Emini here, like, y'all know this isn't my hair. And like No, it's not ideal. Yeah. But it's not more important than what I'm here for. That's right. So like, I'm going to take it off and we're going to move on down the road. When I got back behind the platform now, I was like, oh lord, I have desecrated the potter.


There are bundles on the altar. I have desecrated this place. But yeah, it turns out it wasn't that way. I love chapter 16 too. Know your harm. Oh yeah. What is, what is knowing your harm? Well, I talk about the oath that doctors take where they say, you know that they'll do no harm, but they're also recognizing that they're practicing. And when we move in power, part of the reason why so many of us don't move in power is that we're afraid that we won't do it perfectly or that we'll make mistakes. But if we can embrace the reality that I'm going to be powerful and humble, I'm going to be wrong. I'm gonna have to apologize, I'm gonna mess up. I may say things too sharply, then that doesn't make me any less powerful. As a matter of fact, it makes me more powerful because I recognize that my position of power could disrupt my relationships sometimes.


But I value these relationships enough to learn how to be powerful in a way that honors the spaces that I'm in next time. Hmm. What's your, what's your thought on the way that church is now? Right. As a kid you had to go to church every Sunday. You had to be in the building, you had to sit there. And if there was a a baptism, you was gonna be there all day. Now a lot of people turn it on Sunday morning and it's, it's a lot easier. So what are your thoughts on people not actually attending the institution of church? First of all, y'all not about to tie tripping meat. We gotta ask you about that. No You don't. No you don't. Let's be very clear. Let me see. I Emini here. I think that The World is changing. And as The World changes, I think people are finding things that are more convenient for them.


And I do think that you are able to have intimate encounters with God from this comfort of your own home. And I think it's powerful that that's the way that things are being spread. I think it's like watching a football game on home, at home. Like you can get hyped, you can be excited for your team, but there is something about being in the room that with other people that makes you just take things over the edge. I was surprised that in a world where people aren't coming to church, that we have 40,000 women at the Woman Evolve conference. 'cause I'm like, I don't know that this is a thing that people are gonna really be into when they like virtual experiences, but there is something that happens in healthy community and connection that allows your faith to really be strengthened. I've had people come into rooms and like they didn't really wanna be there.


Somebody drug them in there. They were going through a depression. They don't even know why they were there. But just being in the space, sitting next to someone who was able to care for them and just being surrounded by worship lifted their spirits when they couldn't lift their own hands. And I don't think that there's any substitute for that. But you also keep it tight though. One hour that's let Go tell you something. I don't Yeah, it's it's finished. He said it. Everything, everything he said has been said to me and so now we can go home and have brunch. Yeah, I do think we have to honor people's time because people do have options and so being really intentional about making sure people feel like I can go get out and have the rest of my day is part of what we should really lean into. I will keep a lock.


We have more with Sarah Jakes Roberts when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Sarah Jakes Roberts Charlamagne. Is the church whack? That's the question. That's the question. That was the question. That's what Ty got smoked for because he said that he thinks the church has become whack. I heard in context what he said made a lot more sense, but I heard this soundbite was trash. Yeah, I think that everyone has a different experience of church And I think that there are some people who have probably had an experience that has disheartened them in that way. But I love the church Emini here.


As much as I went through my own church hurting trauma, the church was also really beautiful to me in times where I didn't have anywhere to go And I could sit in that presence and experience God. And sometimes to really experience God in church, you have to look past the people. And maybe that's whack. Maybe it's not because maybe it keeps our focus on what should really matter. I I love, I love what you said too about in the Know Your Harm. You said deflecting from the way that you harm someone and highlighting the way that they harm instead is a sign of immaturity that keeps you from truly being powerful. Expound on that. Well, a lot of times we will not embrace what we did to someone because of what they've done to us.


And it keeps us from owning our stuff and growing. And so being able to say, even though my teacher may not be perfect, like my teacher may have failed in chemistry, but they get an A plus in this history class. That means that I need to at least be able to receive from them this opportunity to grow. And I feel like in relationships, that's hard, especially if you married. 'cause when you're married, your person brings up something and you are like, oh, but last week you did X, Y, and Z, but what did you do today? You know? And how can you own that? And I think when we own our stuff, we give other people permission to do it as well. Sometimes we want to be the person who receives the apology, but not the one who gives it. But we have the lead in humility and vulnerability. You Said that's how you and to Ray were initially right?


Where Like you weren't listening? Oh no. Yeah. No. Throwing everything at throwing, yes. His stuff at him all the time. Well, I don't know if I was throwing his stuff at him as much as I was maybe reciting it in my own head. But I think I will say that when I was single, after I went through my divorce, I finally got my life together. It was me and my two kids. I, you really could not tell me that I was not miss Independent out here. So I really went into our relationship with a certain level of pride where I was like, at the end of the day, I got my stuff together. I finally love who I am and embracing it. And so when I was in relationship with him and he would just ask me the simplest of questions. We weren't even fighting. It would just be like, why why'd you do that? I, I didn't like that 'cause I'm not used to having nobody question my decision.


And it was a simple harmless question. And so I think that I went into a defensive one because I wanted to protect my healing. And when you're in a marriage and you go into it trying to protect yourself and make sure that you don't get done the way that you were done in the past, I don't know that it's fair for creating intimacy. And so I had to do a lot of work of receiving his perspective and finding it valuable so that I could become better And I have become better as a result of it. What Does, what does power look like in a relationship? Oof. Those dynamics are always changing. I think especially now that we see, you know, hype and masculinity is being beginning to be interrogated. We're seeing women move into positions where sometimes they're the breadwinners and men are at home being more comfortable taking care of the family.


I think power in a relationship is recognizing the strengths of what your person carries and how that strength builds you in your area of weakness without feeling like they have to be strong or stronger in the same area that you're strong. I think it's like this symbiotic relationship, this flow where you're able to build a life together because both of you bring something different to the table. And to honor that, to really honor it is important. You said something else in the book, you said, when you are unable to connect the dots between who you, since you could become and who you presently are, it doesn't just cause internal frustration that renders you powerless. And one of the examples you use is you don't defend yourself when misunderstood.


Yeah. And, and to me not feeling to need to explain yourself is power. Well, I think not explaining yourself and not defending yourself. And I, I think it's different 'cause you have a platform and so you can't defend yourself 24 7. But when we're in intimate relationships with someone and they have an expectation of who we are or this idea of who we are and we don't change that, we allow them to believe it, we do end up powerless because I'm not even bringing the full version of who I am into this friendship, into this parent child dynamic. And you end up robbing yourself of the ability to really show up in your power and allow them to believe something about you that's not true. And so it is powerful to be like, you got me messed up.


Like, that's not what I believe. That's not what I think. And if we're gonna walk this thing out, I want you to know who I am for real, so that you can know what to expect from me. Okay. Got So you talking about intimate relations? Yeah, a public fear. I'm like, I'm not defending nothing. Ugh. I, yeah, it's hard. It's hard for me. What he doing is, is telling them the book they're not gonna buy. If you asking all the questions about the book, making her basically recite the book, You should pray to her, your bob looks like hers. That's what you should do. Why now? Why Is my bob in it now? My mom is in here minding her business. Should he could get here. Tell that's he like when she pulled her wig off because it reminded him of, I see.


I do like you leave I in the dressing room, answer questions over him. So you forcing me to see, well, can you leave Us with a prayer? Yeah. Well, no. What message are you hoping people get from the book? Oh, the message that I am hoping people get from the book is that power is a flow. And that power that you have experienced in your past is still present in your future. It just must, it just might be taking on a different form. So to be open to how power is being redefined in your present, Well now you leave us on a prayer. Thank you God for this opportunity, for this platform.


Thank you for using these voices at this stage in their life. And I usually pray for the listeners, but God, I'm gonna pray for them that you would stir up the gift of God that's on the inside of them, that you would highlight the areas of their life where you want them to experience more of your power and to show them the power that you've placed inside of them. I thank you God for giving them wisdom strategy, not just for their careers, but for their family, their emotional health and wellness. And God, I pray that you would continue to show them your light, that they may lean into it in Jesus name. Amen. That's right. Make sure you go get Sarah Jake Robert's new book, power Moves, ignite your confidence and become a force and subscribe to her podcast, the Woman of All podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network.


That's right. We appreciate you for coming Ms. Roberts. Thank you. And you need to come more often for people who think church is whack. 'cause you, the person I feel like is gonna bridge the gap between, you know, church and this new generation. Yeah. I hope, I really feel that way. I hope So. Thank you. That's, that's a tremendous honor. A lot of responsibility, but I'm committed to, you know, holding down my square. That's Right. All Right. Sarah Jakes Roberts. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club all. Well, you got a positive note, Positive note. Stop letting your potential go to waste because you don't feel confident already enough. People with half your talent are making serious waves while you're still waiting to feel ready.


And I wanna tell you something that Bishop TD Jakes told me one time, even if you don't think you are worthy, even if you don't think you're ready, God knows you're worthy and God knows you're ready. Get on it. It's The Breakfast Club. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses


Piece to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your team to your account today available in select locations. See app for details.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


January 2nd on a, B, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and CLIA Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They Have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover, home Edition premiers January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, C, and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.