
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So you're her, right? You're the boxer. Experience. The incredible true story. As long as I'm Boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. I've Been trained for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working my whole life for this. The Fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


Good Morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It is Tuesday. Yes. And today's show is all about relationships and it's in studio relationships. No, not me and Charlemagne, but we're talking about some of our spouses exes and boyfriends and girlfriends. That's right. Well, today my wife Gia will be joining us. Of course. We have a book, real Life, real Love, and a new book coming out in the new year called Real Life Real Family. But we are gonna be talking everything, relationship and also Room Stop through. That's Jess as baby daddy. And we'll be talking to him about co-parenting and relationship. So that's today's show. So don't go anywhere.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. Yours. This is your time to get it off your chest matter. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? It's Tony. Tony. What's up? Get it off your chest, Man. My girl been cheating on me for the last two years. Damn. Just found out about it. That is, I'm so Sorry. Damn. How'd you find out, bro? Ba my dude from the joint call to let me know. Damn. How he know? He in jail. He cool with the dog. Damn, That's horrible. Damn. I'm sorry. It's, and I've been being stepdad of a year for two years with the baby. Shame and mind.


Damn. What you gonna do, Tony? You leaving or you staying? Be honest with us. I'm Leaving. Oh, Well you can leave already or you, you, you, you, Nah, I'm in the process. This happened Friday. I'm good to that. Three days in leaving. Mm. Did you tell her yet? Did you tell her you found out? Yep. Yep. Did she admit to it? No. That's what I'm saying, that, that that dude told me the truth. She lied. Like usual, but the dude told me the truth. How you telling The whole truth? How you know he not just trying to break up your happy home? He ain't got no reason to. They never do. I think you shot a conversation with her before you get that new apartment. He did. She lied. She said she she wasn't cheating. Exactly. You know what Emini here.


And then he said, he told me, yeah, I've been messing with her since 2022. Like, wow. There gotta be more to the story. Black women don't cheat, Man. Cut it off. That's our all women cheat. Yeah. Black men don't Cheat black women. Don. Alright, Tony, man. Nah, But that's all I wanted man. Y'all have a good day. Nah. Damn. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning, it's Dawn. What's up Dom? Where you calling from? Can't you tell? I'm like way out South. Riverdale, Georgia. Riverdale, Georgia. Good morning Dawn. Good morning. Get it off your chest. All right. Okay.


I'm just gonna have to start letting it roll because I've been so furious and so mad since the election. Yo, You've been drinking this morning? No, I ain't been drinking. Okay. Sorry. Go ahead. I just, what are you talking about? Like, because I'm talking slow? No. Yes. 'cause you Talking slow. I have to talk, I have to talk slow. Nobody can understand what I'm saying because I'm like, so, so from the south. Alright, Go ahead. And then I'm like, I, Huh? I said go ahead mama. Get it off your chest. I'm sorry for interrupting you. Oh no, you're cool. I dj I appreciate y'all And I enjoy all so much.


Okay. So I'm like really sick of Trump and I'm like, I don understand why people tried to take out this guy and they both failed. First of all, Emini here. How We don't wish Oli, we don't wish political violence on any elected official Ma'am. Nobody At All, ma'am. We don't do that. That's not what we do. I Agree. I agree. You agree. You even spoke. She she drunk. And it's like when somebody tell you something and when you know you drunk and you soap up real fast, you right. You Right. You right. You right. No, I swear I'm not drunk. Emini Here. Where you calling from? They Drinking Georgia. Riverland wrote Georgia. I never heard about Riverland, Georgia. What'd I say? Georgia Somewhere. I have Nod.


She did an incredible hawk this morning. It's, I'm sorry, it's Riverdale. Oh, Riverdale in Atlanta, like near Okay. In the Atlanta? Well, yeah. In that area. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm 20 minutes from the Atlanta airport. Okay. You know, like Lil Baby and all those songs. Yeah. I, I I'm from Clay, I'm from Clayco. Okay. All right. Well nice to hear from you this morning. Hey, Thank you so much To everybody who listens to us on 96 1, the beat out there in Atlanta. That's Right. You on your way to work. Hold, hold tight. Show name. Hmm. Hey, I wanna, I want a book show name. You don't strike me as a reading type, but I'll, I'll send you a book.


I'll send you a copy of my new book. Get Honest to Die Line Watch Small Talk Sucks. I have a bunch of 'em in here right now. I appreciate it baby. Will you sign it? I will sign it. What's your name again? Dawn. God, you're awesome. It's Dawn VWN I'm gonna sign it right now. Hold on. Drunk ass Dawn. Alright Dawn, you have Hold on. Dawn, I'm signing Now to Dawn. I'm signing into Drunk as Dawn To the freaking weekend. And Dawn, Dawn don't hang up. Okay. I'm signing it for you right now. I'm not hanging up because I need to know how I get that book. That's right. That's what I'm, Hold on. Eddie gonna put you on hold to get, hold On. Okay Dawn, He literally is signing the book right now for you, Dawn. I'm literally signing it right now. You, you Gonna remember you asked for this book? Nope. Oh yeah. Alright, Dawn. Hold On. Okay it right now.


Peace drunk ass Dawn. I'm signing it right now. All right Dawn, you have a good one, okay? Be safe. Hold on. Do not hang up. See, look, thank God I just, I'm not hanging that y'all be, I'm praying for y'all. Y'all be safe. Thank you. We praying for you. Hey yo. Jesus Christ. Alright Eddie, make sure you get Dawn's address man. I got her book right here. Sign sealed. This need to be delivered. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're man or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? It's Rio. How you doing this morning? Ty? What's up? Get it off your chest brother. Alright. Good morning fellow man to God. Peter King. How you doing brother? I'm good. How you doing? Working? Yes. Congratulations. Thank you baby. And I wanna bring where I had been in the hospital for like eight days about prote. I had a lot of information around my prosecutor. I hear y'all talking about colonies and all that a lot. Yes sir. Bring Some to these people about this prostate man, because that's something I know. I wasn't, I wasn't ill. I went on one, came back with a certain, I can't hear what you saying, but Just say I, I heard that you said you was in the hospital for eight days 'cause you had an infection around your prostate. Right. And I just wanna bring awareness to It.


That's right man. Listen, you know, we, we, we make jokes and stuff because you know, whenever you think about something in your butt it makes you giggle. But the reality of the situation is that's why we go get colonoscopies and all of that stuff because of prostate cancer. Yeah, absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Charlamagne, that ain't got nothing to do with you, but that got something to do with your main vein. What You mean you main vein? They put the catheter, you know what your main vein is? Your penis? Yes. They put a catheter in there. They got a thing bigger than the number 10 pencil. Oh. I don't know. I don know about that. I don know about that now. Put me on now you need to school me. What you talking about? I thought the prostate. What, what that got to do? What you talking about? I prostate pretty much with one. Your bladder, they run your, your urine. So they put you to sleep.


You wake up with a big old thing coming at you. Oh wee. We and the pen outta the capsule Man. Now hold on. Now when, when I got a prostate exam, the doctor put that glove on and put that finger in my butt to make sure my prostate wasn't enlarged. No, I had infection already. Not knowing that I had it. Oh, got you, got you, got you. Okay, okay. Okay. All right. Okay. But how you doing now bro? Yes. Huh? I said how you doing now? I'm doing fine. I'm up and moving. There wasn't no arms but you know they kept me in the hospital so long to get the infection out. Yes sir. But other than that, you know I'm up moving and walk. I'm moving and walk regularly. Thank God. All right brother. And this is why you gotta get prostate exams early and regular so you don't end up having an infection.


That's right. You gotta go make sure you check, get yourself checked out, go to the doctor. Don't be too cool. Don't be scared. Go to the doctor. I ended up getting a prostate 'cause I went for a vasectomy and the vasectomy turned into a prostate exam. Now that confused me. You know what Emini here because I thought that, you know, he liked what he saw and he just wanted to turn me around and get a little freaky free. You know what Emini here and you better do it. Emini here. I had to call a lot of people before I called a had to, I had to call a lot of people. Like yo, this regular man. I just came here for a bas secondary for a consultation. Man. Like I came for a breathing test, he telling me turn around. You know what Emini here. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up Breakfast Club? It's Nando Nando. What up? Get it off your chest. Good morning. Yo man. I just wanted to shout out my merch on Instagram if I could. Okay. It's underdog fitted.


Yeah, I just wanted to shout it out. It's, I make original underdog fitted hats and snapbacks by the Don Roddy. Okay. It's actually merch from my book that I'm writing And I was trying to get some help from Charlamagne. If you could help me, you know, finish this book. I'm trying to write and publish it and everything. Yeah. Send me the manuscript man. If you got a manuscript or, or like, or like a one sheet of of, of what the book is about. Well we Put you on hold so you get all the email info. Okay. All I got you. All right brother. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren la is filling in and we got some special guests in the building.


We have Tamela and David. Man, welcome. What up though? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having Good morning. How ya Good morning. Now just in case y'all wondering why I'm here, I walked in the door and she's sit down. Yes ma'am. I'm in your house. I sit down and do the, because Miss Man is here to promote her new album, live, breathe, fight. But Emini here, y'all have been doing things together forever. Like Yeah. Y'all even know Life without each other. No. Married And I don't two Either. We got married at 21, so we've been married 36 years. That's a long time. A No separations. I like to say that. There you Go. Did y We worked through it. Did y'all know as soon as each y'all saw each other like she did? 'cause that's, I was that kind of guy. No.


Whatever. No, we did not. But but we were just friends. Okay. We were just friends. But it wasn't long after though that I knew. But I wouldn't let him know that I, that I felt like that. Like he was the one. I felt like he was the one. But I was like, I don't know. 'cause you know David had a little play in him. So when, so when did you realize, When did I realize it was probably, it was fairly some months that, 'cause we started singing together early. So it was some months and David started protecting me even like with the other guys. 'cause I was the only girl in the group us singing. And he would always like, y'all don't horse play with She's A girl. We had a singing group. Like, so y'all know me, Kirk Franklin and another guy. Darryl. Blair. Blair. So Kirk Franklin And I been friends for like 40 something. 50. Yeah, he was 15.


Y'all And I met school together. We met. Yeah. So it, it just, but I just felt like if it works out, I said, I said I really like this dude, but you know, I have to just see, wait and see. I Watch his play ways. Yeah, yeah. I don know. And it did his plays play Ways. She, she actually busted me one time with my, with a couple other girls that I was with. I was, I was Just looking. I I was just looking. I Didn't bust you. You busted Yourself. They threw me a surprise birthday party. Both girls. No. Well we were, no, they just, we were all just friends. You know how you invite people to, okay, we gonna do this. They should have told me and listen, we meeting at this house. They should have told me we meeting at this house. But he brought somebody with him so that we didn't know that he was gonna bring somebody. But it was just people that we all knew.


I was doing a little much. I'm for real. That's why I wouldn't hook up with her because she was my friend And I knew once I started that, that was it. She wasn't going nowhere. I nope. Then once I said I do, I am, I will. Alright. And here I am. So What do you tell young couples? 'cause you said something, you said you've been together that long. No separation and never separation. Right. Me and my wife, we've been married 23 years. Been together. 31. No separations. Right. We worked through everything. Good, bad, ugly, whatever. So what do you tell young couples? We took the voice off the table. And the thing is, is too, sometimes you gotta just separate and for instance, in the house to just gather your thoughts versus like throwing venom like at the heat of the moment, sometimes you just have to back up.


Okay, let's take a minute and digest what's happening versus, so you won't say pie, I say piercing things. Yeah, I've been saying that since the beginning. 'cause you can say stuff when you're angry and you can't take them words back. Because no matter if somebody say, I'm sorry And I forgive you, but in the back of your head you still Thinking and you never try to resolve issues in, in the middle of a battle. Right. Emini here, you, you just let it calm down a little bit, Period. Just cool It off a little bit. When you trying to resolve stuff in the middle of war, it gets a little hard. Right. 'cause you know, early on, like she say, just I, I'm quick with, quick with my mouth, quick with tongue. So I would Just say piercing stuff. And I just started to see how, man, this is devastating. This woman, it's crushing her.


So, you know, I just started building her up. What's the Worst battle that you guys got into that you remember? That it was just nasty and you was going at her neck. She was going at your neck. Okay, so like we talk, Which one you gonna say One? The knock at the door? Yes. The knock at the door. Oh, knock at the door. Start up at the door. Who showed up at the court. Well imagine this. Imagine she's at work. You at the house and the constable knock on the door and say, Hey, here you go here the papers, you've been served. You've been served. I say Sir, with what? What? Oh, you have a baby? I'm like, what? I got a new Yeah. And so she comes home and is like, hey, how your day been? I'm good. This Is how long y'all were married At this time We were married five years. By this time. Jesus. So before I got married, I one of them last come by.


The last last little hit. Yeah. Come another little hits. That little relapse always gets you. Yeah. And so imagine her coming home and saying, Hey, how your day, oh my day was good. What you do today? Oh, I got us another baby. Oh, that's how you said it. No, I did not. I about to say That. Or took you some time to even Come out rehearsed It took him some time to get it out. Okay. Yeah. I rehearsed it 'cause on the way home. Okay, I'm gonna tell her like this. So you know, you remember. Nah, I can't say it that way. So you know the time And I can, Jesus Christ. I just tried to rehearse it. Do you remember, remember So finally had to come and say dear, you know, I might have a child that you know that I had. And and He, the thing is, is he, he had two.


He had two. He except from a previous argument, that's what he calls it. So they, he, but they, you know, two, two different Ladies. The best things that ever happened. My two daughters the best thing. So it's like I told him, I said, okay, now I accepted the one Emini here because I was there when she was born. 'cause we was best friends. She was at the hospital the day Of my child. I went, I went to the hospital when, when she was born, the whole 21 hours, y'all sit there. But as he came and said this to me about the other young lady, which I knew about the other young lady And I knew that they had been intimate. I knew they had a thing going. But for how it was presented, it was rough for me to take. You know, I was like, I don't know. 'cause the chick, God bless her, we in a better place now. But then she was rough to deal with. Right. You had put holy hands on her. I didn't put no holy hands on you.


I just had, we had words, but not even to, you know what? We talked about it. And David really pulled me sit Down. We talked, well before we got that it got really bad because she was like, I can't deal with this. I'm out. And I, I shared with her like, look, it's me and you against everything else. That's, that's the breakdown he gave you. Go It, it is me and you against everything else. Because I know that this is a hard situation to swallow. I know I put us in a bad situation. I tell my kids now, I say, look, I put y'all in a bad situation because now you gotta go over to your mom's house for Christmas. Okay? I'm about to have Thanksgiving. I say that's a hard place to put kids. And I say I take full responsibility Emini here. The, my, my two old daughters best thing ever happened.


You see 'em now. I went to get the, the blood test. You know how you go in to do the, the test And I was gonna go in and do a test and you know the first thing, that baby probably ain't mine. Mm. That baby ain't mine. So by now she's five. And I walk in the place And I look down at this little face, Shane, we ain't gotta take no blood. Her face is exactly like mine. But to me she looked like him and she looked like her. So it's like she was a great mixture of the two. But when David told me the resolve for me DJ Envy was that it's, he did the, the the spark thing. He said it's us and then it's them. It's everybody else. He said, so you never have to worry about me choosing you over them because it's us first and then them.


So that gave me a reassurance That's that's relationship kids, Everything. I wouldn't have to be fighting to have my plate because I knew that I had the papers. But still, you don't wanna be warring with someone else over just stuff that's even outside of your house. Right. I, we have more with Tamela and David Mann when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long La Rosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking in with David and Tamela Mann. Now with all that was going on, how did you block out the noise, right? Because I'm sure you had friends and girlfriends leave him. He's this, that and the other.


But it, no one, no one really honestly did come to me like that. Because the thing is, is we were in a small community. A lot of us we were, yeah, we was church kids, we was in church singing and all this kind of stuff. So all of us did, did know each other and knew that they had been what they did. What is that? You know, doing what you did. Oh yeah. You know, being involved that step outside the church. Yeah. So, but if people, they knew me as a person and they knew her as a person. So it's like she had her reputation. I had mine and it's like no one really never stepped to me and said anything crazy like that. But they was willing to defend me. Hmm. Now mind you, when we wrote this, this book, And I put the chapter, the knock at the door at it, girl, he was cheating on you all the time.


It's like, do the math, read the book. Just go read the book. You know, girl, I knew he was cheating. It's like you just gotta read and just follow but Do things. That's how we living and we breathing and we fight. Yeah. That's Through All through all the things. You know, 36 years later we're still building. We're still living because we just believe that heaven is our destiny. You know, we're breathing every breath with purpose. We believe that we have a call, we have a purpose to do what we do. Even to inspire people that follow us in relationships. Emini here, this is like you saying, everybody wanting us to do this together, Lauren. They do. And they expect to see us. It's like when you see one, it's like, okay, we your husband, you out here by yourself? No, he's here. It's like he just stepped away because Trust me, I've been trying to lay in the cut while we've been doing this promo tour.


And the same Thank you. I was Like, we fighting together. We doing this together. Yes. I really can't see Emini here. I don't see y'all apart. Y'all are really tag team back again. Every time we see y'all, We really, it was complete when y'all are together. And if, and that's, that's the, I love the completion of it because he completes me and my prayer is like, Lord, please give us more time. Give us more time together. And it's like, i's like, I don't know if I can do life without, without him. Is that what got y'all to get into shape? 'cause you said, you know, you wanted to live like you wanted more time. Is that what made y'all say, you know what, let's get into the, I had a di whole diabetes scare and all this stuff and we was just like, man, we gotta do something. I can't leave her here by herself. It's just too much going on. Just seeing the craziness. And I'm just like, I can't leave her here by herself.


I gotta get myself together. And so that's what we doing. We just a work in progress. You know this. Y'all are good man. Thank you. You working from the inside out. I think the importance of it's like this record and doing it is like mentally working, coming from a mental space, coming from building a body, doing differently, making better decisions for the body and that thing. It's like, so we can be here longer together. And I Was, I was telling you off, Eric, thank you so much for what you're doing in this mental health space. Thank you brother. It means a lot to me as a black man and somebody who's expected to make The World feel good. And I was like, I, I shared with, I was embarrassed to come out with my story of depression and, and making it. And to hear stories like you, yours and, and you're talking and just putting it in the forefront.


It makes people like me say, good. I can share mine without being embarrassed. 'cause I was embarrassed really Emini here. Like, But why embarrassment though? Because people Say to be so strong, people expect me every time to come out and perform. You gotta be funny. You got all, you gotta be funny. You gotta, you Mr. Brown, you make The World laugh. Like she say, I grew up, I'm a fan. Like, okay. So people expect that. And so they don't know in in the background you dying, you know, literally dying and drowning. And so when people like you come out and, and you know, make it known, Hey, it's cool. I have a therapist And I have Jesus. That's right. And so, you know, I just, but even All of, I say all of y'all lives, what y'all give is, I think it's important that all of us bring what we bring to the table.


I feel like this pie is big enough for all of us to have a piece to share it. We can help somebody Emini here, one of our messages ought to get to somebody. Yeah. Emini here. My god. Emini here. That's right. Emini here. It's like with the platforms that we we have, we should be able to help encourage somebody from any walk of life. I just feel like we're sent here, not just for us. We're sent here to help all walks of Life. So what's the message in this album? This album is to live, breathe, and fight. Even though you're facing the things you're facing, the songs talking about carry on. Even though that you've dealt with mental health or different, different things in your family or whatever your issues may be, we have to carry on. We deserve to win. After you've done and been through the mess and the upbringings that we've came out of, we deserve to win.


You deserve to have some nice things. You Deserve to have a smile on your face to be in a good relationship. And I know miss, you gonna find somebody. I I've been watching Emini here talking to scream leave alone. You don't pray though. She don't pray about it. Don't I don She was kind of like you early on. She was a player player For Malaya. That is not true. That is not true. But all the men have caught on to what she's been doing. That's right. Checking of the radio every day. I see it. Trust me, I'm with You. If you've been watching, you know I did not start out Player. Player. Wait, you messed up. You said I didn't start out player, player. I didn't. I Emini Here once you get she said she was deep involved.


I wasn't a player. I was, I'm single. Don't prove me wrong. I'm just meeting people you know. And now She Kicks the same game to the same guys. That's not true. And they figure it out To the fact, Fact that two gentlemen said, you need to fix yourself. You need to get therapist to come back around. Two, you need to heal. First of all, two men told us you need to heal Tam and Don't one of 'em only lasted to the Sunday after homecoming.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Critics and audiences are falling in love with the fire inside. As long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay Based on the inspirational true story. Damn proud of you Kia Golden girl. It's a knockout crowd pleaser. The whole family can agree on My baby going to the living To this generation's Rocky. Can't Nobody beat me. You'll stand up and cheat. Go. It's one of the best movies of the year we Represent out there. Who I would do it at Flint. The Fire Inside based on incredible true story with Peachy. 13 inappropriate for children under 13 now playing only in theaters


Thursday on a, b, c. Get ready to move that bus. The beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clea dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process, it's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home edition premiers Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bringing back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. Wine.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard to install. No, it's easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in The World. Oh. Blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop up to 45% off select styles. Plus a free professional measured and a 100% satisfaction guarantee during the blinds.com year-end blowout up to 45% off now at blinds stock com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Oh, because you needed to Heal. No, because he don't get me started. A lot of it be a lot of it be deflecting and cap And the the language you use should be calling these guys things like eaters. Y'all know about that? No. We owe my best eater not. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Oh, I didn't say that. I don't say that. I don got them in the phone, got 'em labeled in the phone Eater too. Best eater. That is not true. I would never That Thursday eater. Let's pray. But I think we should. I'm down to But when you look, when you, but when you looking At being found, I think we have to make a list of what we are wanting in a relationship.


And then you become the list. I have a list talk that talk. Just know what you want and it's okay to have standards and it, but you said that you realize later in life about your value, right? Yeah. But yes. But it takes time for you to get to a certain point where you feel like, okay, now I'm ready to enter back into things. Yes. I just feel like some men don't understand where you're taking that time. And that doesn't mean that you're lonely or without, it's just, you know, you need that time. I stepped away from something. See that's the knowing when I needed that time. The process when y'all said for her taking her time for Heal. That's the healing process right there. So she is in the process of being healed the way she looking at them. So y'all just have to, it's her way. Are You still dating healing? She was at Gho this weekend. So honestly What's that? What's G My I got eaters.


I be with the hoes. Y I'm so sorry for them. That's okay. I brought y'all into this And I did not. It's okay. You know, but as long as you know Yeah, I know what's And I, these guys are y'all stop teasing her. Thank you. Why you gonna come here and try to mama somebody? Yes. Miss I'm this old. I'm just old. I'm, I'm the oldest in here. I'm 58. I did take time before I started dating. I took a, I took a lot of time 'cause it was a long relationship that I was in. And then I got back outside and now here come these two. I see God working on it. God got his working, Was working on, you know, hand on Me is one of my titles. That's right. Hand on hand, hand on me. Because you don't need to have hands around the, the his throat. What his, the way he got his foot on. He need to choke on it.


What? But I have a song on, it's called Power. Talking about the power of God. You should listen to it. I'm like That's right. That's a good one. The power is really just talking about how, just how the Lord is just maneuvers and how his power just happens over things. And to just how he just holds us Emini here. It's just amazing how God just really protects us when we don't know that we being protected. We think we out here doing it ourselves, but the Lord is really shielding us. So it's just right. It's just really a blessing to be able to bring. My hope is that it's good music and people can be healed and have inspiration from it. All right. We have more with David and Tamela Mann when we come back, let's get into a joint off her album. Deserve to Win. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club.


We still kicking it with David and Tamela Mann Charle. I was gonna ask about, Lord I trust you. Right. Because you know to to, to what you're speaking about now. You say, when the sun's not shining down on me. When the chaos is overwhelming with my peace, when my life is spinning outta control. When I lose my grip And I start to let go, Lord, I trust you. How hard is it to put your trust in God when things aren't going well? When, when you don't see no light at the end of The time? It could be, it could be hard to me. That's when I have a real good cry. Mm. I get in my car a lot. 'cause my car to me, it's like I can get away from everything And I don't have to hear anything. It's like that. But in my closet, it's like a prayer closet. And in my car because God is like, I don't understand what's happening right now. This last year and a half, half of things and tr things coming to me like, I can't believe that I'm in this situation.


I can't believe that I'm having a fight just to prove who I am. And I thought I was doing that, but it's like, okay Lord, I trust you. I trust that you going to handle it. And then that's when the song came for me, working for me. That the Lord just gave me a stamp of approval. You may not see me at work, but I'm working in your behalf that he's working for me. Bless you. Thank you. So it's just, I just take comfort in knowing that he's my guide and he's my help. He's my present. Help in the time of storm that even when I don't see and nobody else is around, he's there And I can go to him And I ain't gotta worry about him. My business being in the street. That's why testimony is so important though, right? Yes. Because I I I like to hear other people's stories and what they've been through and what they became. The overcoming of it. That's right.


The overcoming that, That was your last album. Overcoming The Overcoming It sure was. Overcoming. And and that's the thing is, and the Lord is allowing me to finish the work even to the, to extent of even what my body I reached the gold of. Like even the weight loss that I was trying to do. So, but to even spiritually become a, a writer like I wrote on, it's like I gave direction on every song on this album. So it's like things that I'm proving to myself and showing like, Lord, you know, I, I wrote the plan down And I I'm following through with a plan and Working for me. That was your 11th number one, right? Yes. Congratulations. Congratulations. You the record of all time. Number one, gospel And gospel music. Wow. Congrat. Congratulations. Congratulations with her mentor Kurt and Kurt. We're tired. Yeah, we're tired for number one.


We're tired. But Emini here, you don't see this stuff coming. You hope people gonna like the music and enjoy it. But it's like when it happened, I don't even look at the charts y'all. They have, they tell me she Never, she never know Working for me. You lean into the country music this. Yeah. So I know And I know Kirk Franklin is known for dib and dabbling different beats and sounds and stuff like that. Have you thought about like what you know, it would be like for you to do other styles or bringing other styles like the r and b or like anything secular but making it gospel kind of how he does a bit. Well I kind of have some them ballads that's close to maybe r and b. I've had a little Rra and B, RRA B and then, And we did do a love project us against The World that I did.


Like I have a song that's called Fields. I sing a song that's called Feel like is really a straight r and b song. We didn't push it, but I think it would've really did well. But I just didn't want people to think that I was trying to do r and b mu music. That I still wanna stay in my genre. 'cause I feel like we all have a part to play. And really she was afraid of what people were gonna say And I worried, worried about What people were gonna say. I did. I was, I was, I was very fearful. And it wasn't like I was fighting them, but I was dragging my feet. Right. It's like I feel like if I can hear whatever, I could sing whatever, you know, like when you say the country music, it's like I'm country y'all, y'all hear it in my, just how I talk. But I know about the chickens in the hogs, you know, I was raised actually in the country.


So it's like those things to me was, it's like I've been stretched and a lot of times we only listen to people's single that they have out. But we really don't go listen to the body of work. The whole project. And even with, even with the, the, the, the love the project project we did, she was afraid like of what people were gonna think. I'm in the studio, I got my chest hairs And I got my sun shade. I'm doing my best r and b. Oh, you was ready? What Emini here. Let the lights down, pull the Lights, turn the lights down. I had my shades on. I was doing my, yeah. And she was like, just have, I said, that is not how you sing. But then I realized she was afraid of what the church crowd was going to, you know, think of her. But once I've thought about it, it's like I'm singing to the love of my life.


I'm singing to him. I'm not singing for y'all per se. Emini here. Thank God for everybody. But I was singing to him and the song is, you make me feel like I'm on top of The World. And when it's the truth he does. So it's like when you hear this song, it's like, it just brings it all to life of like me talking straight to him or him, you know, feeling like when he touched me it just, it's just how I feel. I, he still gimme me goosebumps. So it high feel when high feel babe don't do that. Don't do that. Right. I feel because you're not, don't do that right now. Know If I touch you don't do that right now. But what's wrong with that though? Y'all married? Why can't two marry people have that? It's True, but it's just the society that we live in. Yeah. It's like how people, we can be judgmental. We could be the most loving, but we also can be the most judgmental when it comes to Christian people.


I don't understand that about Christianity. I'm not gonna lie. Emini here, I don idea. It's not, not judge. One of the first things they teach, not but animals judging of the people. And I, it's not, And I love being on this side, but I don't know why we are like that. I have no Idea. But it's, it just, it does have to be a separation though y'all. It has. It's just, I wouldn't come and look for you to do certain things just like you probably wouldn't expect for me to do certain things. And it's not judgemental. You just, it's just like what you've represented. You just like with your parents. It's like sometimes even some kids, like our kids like to talk about sex. They don't want us to talk about sex, but we have sex. We have sex. So it's like, but it's just like people don't want, Well we know we make Love people that we do and people don't wanna hear certain things from certain people.


Yeah. So it's not, I don't think all of it is, I would say judging. It's just almost old saying, what would Jesus do? Could you see him just pull back on, on one. Yes. Get out. Oh he wouldn't smoke some weed. Yeah. You out a burning bush. Absolutely. Bush was Burning. Bush was to bring a message. Didn't you say To save Again His father created marijuana. The burning Bush was not for you. Him smoking. No, the bush was being burnt to show as a sacrifice. And Wayne sacrificing the bush that I'm talking about. No they not. No. They cooking Greens. God creates everything for a purpose. God created marijuana. He Did. But it but it, it wasn't for us to to be like joyous.


Walk around For fiber healing. Now I do believe there is medical Purposes. It's healing. It's for healing. Y'all Don't think Jesus got high? I don't. I'm gonna push you out that seat. Why you think all them people thought he was walking on water? Ain't on cus but none. Listen, listen. He turned the water in the wine. So that's the alcohol cus but I knew and he turned the fish bowl. The fish and the bread. He, he multiplied of everybody. What that? That's the munchies man. I don no man. Man. That is the munchies. I see why you always on him. Come on, come on Lauren, get this. This is, I'm with you. This is your time. Know what I'm doing? I'm allowing him to jump off the cliff on his own. And we just gonna watch him go Down. Jesus know my heart. He working on me stiff. That's all he need to say.


Don't try to bring God on in here. Double time now. Now you see it double. You were just smoking with God. Now you yeah, I told you aint won't He do it. He working for us tonight. We appreciate you. You Know we have have to crave before we leave. Charlemagne definitely needs it. We all need it. Father God, we thank you for this day. We thank you for this opportunity to be before your people. We actually just bless us Lord God. Bring inspiration, understanding to all of us, God in every area that we need and touch those that are having problems for us in their minds, Lord God, to just bring and lift every weight off of us. Oh God, we just give you glory for this opportunity. Thank you for The Breakfast Club.


Thank you for what they bring for our people. And we give you glory for everything that you're doing. Jesus name, amen. Amen. Amen. Amen. For us. Always a pleasure man. Thank you So much. Thank y'all. Pick up the album out right now. Live, breathe, breath, fight. And remember Keep living, keep breathing, keep fighting. Y God did not smoke the burning bush. He did not. He was, it Was, that's not it. It was for sacrifice. Come on, get outta There it is. The Breakfast Club. Get outta. It's The Breakfast Club The morning. The Breakfast Club. DJ Envy. Angela Yee. Charlamagne. The God we are The Breakfast Club. You got a special guest in the building. Never met her before. She's an actress. She's an author, she's a mom.


Ladies and gentlemen. She's her wife. And my wife. Yes. Dia. Hello. Welcome. Gia. What? That's this one name. She is like Madonna, Beyonce. This one name Beyonce Gia. Okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. How nervous are you sir? Seriously. I know he's been acting real weird all Morning. I'm fine. Well, you know what make you nervous though? No. You guys have a book out. Real life, real love, life lessons. I enjoy painting the magic that holds us together. And I've been dying to ask you this question. Gia in person. Oh boy. Here we go. In this room. How do you feel about Charlemagne and be flirting with each other every day? It kind of turns me on. What? We didn't expect that answer.


No, I'm Nervous. What the hell? I had that effect on people. Okay, explain. No Emini here. Emini here. I think it's a little strange, right? But I'm amused by it. I'm amused. It's just brotherly love. That's all. I'm amused by it. That's all all. Does Anything go too far ever or No? It's all in good fun and entertaining. That's all it is. I don't mind it. So you didn't mind it when he gave me the ass. First of all, context please. I didn't know that. Everybody doesn't watch the show every day. Context please. Okay. What he, Wait, can, can you guys sound bite that When he gave me a mold of his ass? That's right. And it wasn't my ass. It was a mold of a ass. Yes. I thought it was a mold of your actual No, no.


My No. And then what about when they touch each other and stuff? That's never happened. Then we don't touch each other. Don't touch each other. You just making Stuff up. I've never seen them touch each other. That hasn't happened. No. You wanna tell me something I Need to know? Well, no. They like rub up brush against each other. If they're walking out the door sometimes that's not true. They Go in, we threaten to rub up against each other. We don't have do it. They go in the revolving door together. That happened One time accident. Explain that. Now I need answer. It was stupid. I don't even know how that happened. It was really, it was really stupid. It was really dumb. That Had to be very intentional. No it wasn't. I don't even know how Don how Happened one is in and then one makes his way in Revolving door together. Walking Around was so stupid. And you Don't just fall into door. All we did gigle because it was so stupid.


We just had to giggle all way through it. You guys, You just added insult injury. You sitting there in, in the one slot giggling together. Gig. Oh man. Alright, well whatever guys. Anyway, back to the matter at hand. I don't lie. Real life, real love. What is that magic that holds y'all together, you think? How Would you describe, you know, whenever I find that people come to our house or are around us, I think they're kind of surprised at how much fun we have together. I find him to be very charming, charismatic. And one of the things that I love most about him is his boyish nature. So we really have a lot of fun together. And we always have, since we first met, the first week we spent together, I thought to myself, he's a lot of fun.


Like he's, he's like a friend, you know? And that's part of the magic. And you, you knew that this was the person you were gonna spend the rest of your life with After about two weeks of knowing him? Yes. Wow. But he knew before y'all Even spent a day together. I did explain before. Before we even spent a day together. Well, when I first, when I first seen you, I Emini here. I I, I wrote it in the book that I thought you were beautiful and amazing and the first time I saw you were actually running track. And for people that don't know, you know, track, she's Plain track. That's a good one. I like that. It was a Stink outfit. And you know, GIA had, you know, big double D's And I would stop basically stalk her outside or just watch her run track and watch her, her breast Bo I don't like that word.


Don't say stalk. He wasn't stalking her. Yeah, but that's actually what he was doing. Young man. It was actually stalking. And I would see him, I would see him sitting with his friends in this bright blue con Edison van because that's what his parents bought him to trans to transfer his DJ equipment from Sweet 16 to Sweet 16. That's what he was DJing at the time. Santa Ana Santa back then. And I would see it parked behind the fence. I'm thinking to myself like, yo, why is this van there every day at track practice? That is crazy. Yes. It was bright blue. He wasn't low. He was not low.


And he was just sitting in the van. And then one day he emerged. Actually babe, do you remember one day, like he emerged from the van and approached me and kicked it. And I was like, oh, so you're that weirdo that's but in the van, Which all were both kids. Yes. She was 15. I was 16. We went to the same high school. So, So envy you say that you knew that she was gonna be your wife like right away. You think it was before y'all even spoke? No. When You were just stalking her or We actually, no, when we actually spoke and, and you know, I found out how, you know, beautiful, she was inside and outside and how smart she was and caring. And she was just that she was the one, she was the most beautiful thing I ever seen in my life and the most precious thing. So I was like, this is gonna be my wife.


I, I I want people to get the book, but I do want, you know, to explain how do you keep reinventing the relationship when you start that young now interview's 50 something. You know what Emini here, you're much, much younger, but how, how, how do you keep not 50? How do you reinvent? How do you keep reinventing? And I think that that's part of the magic. We don't have to try. Hmm. We don't intentionally we do a lot of things intentionally and deliberately, but we don't intentionally reimagine the relationship and act on that. The only thing that I would say that we're good about is keeping it sexy and making sure that that part of of our relationship doesn't get too monotonous and doesn't get stale. So we have a lot of fun right in that space.


But we don't have to think like, God, how am I gonna stop being bored of you? Mm. Or how am I gonna get to a point where you don't annoy me anymore? He legitimately does not annoy me. I look forward to his phone calls every day and we probably speak on the phone about maybe eight or nine, 10 times a day because he's away a lot know. So he calls me on his way to The Breakfast Club. He calls me on his way home from The Breakfast Club. He calls me if something happens, he calls me incessantly. It's, and I'm never like, ah, you again. I'm like, Ooh, come again. You know? It's just that feeling that I've always had that no matter what ups or downs we were going through, that never left me. Now he told us a story about the cowboy outfit that he Wears. He told you about that? Yeah.


Wait, wait, wait. Yeah. The cowboy outfit in college With, with the assless chaps that no Assless chaps. They Were, Yeah. You told us about that. Oh wait, Rashaun, did you actually tell them about that? Did like on error in private? I forgot I told y'all about that. He Did Because if, if it was in private, this is a whole double cross. Yeah. Right Now. Yeah. And he tells us he dressed up as a cowboy and his, he had the Why you looking at me like that? Hold on. Because I remember that day. Okay. Because I remember that day because after he told the story, he goes, Did. And I was like what he did When we were in college. Yeah. We went through a stage where we were doing like a lot of role playing. Role playing. Yeah. And one night I dared him to be a cowboy. So we went and got the cowboy outfit.


Wow. He had like the big brown hat. And then he had like the little holsters and everything. And babe, do you remember I took pictures? Where are those? Are they in the book? He about maybe three years after, he made me physically burn them on the grill. Wow. He put them on the grill and told me I had to light it. Yeah. They don't exist anymore. I Don't You wish you still had that in me. No, But y'all talk about role play in the book. You said he likes to put on the, the Rock Nation paper playing hack. And he goes, what's my name? And he want you to say, Jigga. I Didn't contribute to that chapter. Okay. That, that wasn't my work. No, I didn't do that. No. Okay. So wait, they really, so he wasn't lying. They were assless chaps. Yeah. Yeah. He had a whole, it was a whole thing. I just pulled the Uua you Gia. He did not tell us that.


Damnit To help get my book and you will learn a slew of tactics Techniques. So good at that. Get what you want out of life. Okay. It Was a holster by the way. They were holsters. Yeah. It was a, it was a holster. What was some other dress up things you guys did? Right? It was more so me. Okay. Dressing up. And he was just like the recipient of that, that that was a one little, and that's why it was a dare because it was kind of supposed to be a joke, but he never really dressed up. One time I was a nurse. He was a doctor. Okay. That was once. Huh? Did you really burn the pictures? I really Did. Really? In front of him. Wow. You didn't have copies. I've kept those just in Did. I would've put those in the Safe. I had the negatives. Okay. I Gonna share that in case Anything ever goes left in our relationship, I have that I will ruin his entire reputation.


I'll never be able to work again. And I question over to a new audience. Goodness. All. We got more with my wife, GIA Casey, when we come back, we're talking our new book that's out right now. Real Life, real Love. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Angela y Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest still in the building. My wife Gia Casey. We're talking about our new book, real Life, real Love, life Lessons on Joy, pain, and the Magic that holds us together. You could pick it up today or you can get it on Audible, on Kindle or wherever you get your books. Yeee, How was it for both of you writing This book together? Some of it was fun. It was nice to be creative and get your thoughts down on paper.


It was work, but a lot of it was difficult. I'm a very open person. Rashaun I think had a difficult time because he had to relive a lot of the negative things that transpired in our relationship. And he can tend to be surface in some respects, where you ask him a question, he gives you an answer. I'm a lot more of an in-depth person, you know, I think critically about things. And when we would go over these chapters that he's assigned to write, I would ask him questions like, okay, you can't just answer it with a yes or a no or a simple blanket. Like one question would mean 10 more questions to really get to the meat.


And you know, I had to keep reiterating, we're writing this book so that people have something tangible, a reference point for them to make changes in their lives if necessary. Or to recognize that the person that you're with needs to make changes in their lives. And it was a journey. It was a journey. But I think it was difficult. Yeah. No, For me it was difficult. I had to relive a lot of the, the F Boy ish I put you through. And you don't, you forget about a lot of it because you don't have to relive it. But then when you start Reli no, you forget about a lot of it. You ain't forget. I ain't forget nothing. I think, yeah, I think it's men at the point though, right? Because it's like we don't realize how much we do hurt our women when we do this. It's Not true though. Yeah, I think so. I don I don't think we realize how deep that, That sounds like an okie-doke to me.


Nah, it's, I don't think we, until you actually sit down and have those, you know, uncomfortable conversations, you don't realize how much you infected your mother. If your wife cheated on you and told you that she would have no idea how much that it stood to hurt you, would that make sense to you? Probably not. But Emini here, men don't make sense. You believe that you're, you believe that you're born inherently with like a deficit. Not a deficit. But I just don't think common sense. I, I don't think we, I don't think we're thinking about it. You know what Emini here, like we like, that's the sad part. It's selfish. And that's what, It's selfish. That's what keeps you from doing it in the future. You know what Emini here, because you do not want to hurt the woman that you love. And I, and it's so crazy 'cause I saw that with my pops, like I saw the pain that that caused my mom with his infidelity.


So in, in my mind I was like, damn, I'm about to make the same mistake. So I think it is difficult when you gotta relive it 'cause you don't want to talk about it. 'cause you don't wanna trigger you. You know, some people feel I don't get triggered though. Damn. What? What? No. That scared me just now I don about the call security. No. Once I got to a point, and it was a process. Once I got to a point where I accepted that it was my job to move on because I decided to forgive him. And because, because he had done all of the work and then some to regain my trust, to earn grace from me, I got to a point where I no longer wanted to punish.


And I didn't have that inherent need to see him suffer. Because when you hurt and you say it all the time, hurt people. Hurt people. When you're hurt, you want not just people, you want the person that hurt you to hurt. And anytime that I felt any type of way, I made sure that he felt some type of way. So once I learned how to forgive, and that was a process because I wasn't necessarily a forgiving person before, everything was very black and white to me. Not very much gray. But once I learned And I understood that that's what was expected from me of God, I had to commit to that and do my best to live up to what forgiveness meant.


And that's what set me free. Because when you forgive, you don't forgive to ease the burden from the other person you forgive, to ease the burden from you. That's real. What was the work you guys did together? Like you had to work on forgiveness. And when you said, okay, I'm gonna, you know, have to move on from this, but what was the work that he did that let you know, okay, he's serious and you know, I can finally Just say, I'm not getting triggered anymore. I'm gonna let this go. One of the first things was I realized that he understood the impact of what had happened. What he did. He understood it. He didn't just accept it and was accountable for it, but he understood he would do things that a lot of men wouldn't do.


He would sit there through those eight hour conversations, locked in a room. He answered every question that I had And I had a lot of questions. And he answered them all truthfully. And you know, when you ask somebody a question and you can tell by their answer because Emini here, the answers weren't pretty right. They weren't things that I would've wanted to hear. He went through all of the, the separation as I call it. And he did it until, because a lot of guys, when they mess up and Emini here, a lot of them have told me, I have friends and that have gone through it. It's like, listen, I did it. I apologized. I said I was never gonna do it again. Emini here, that ish, right?


But it's like every day I'm being punished, I'm being punished, I'm being reminded. It's like, let it go. I apologize. Like, what more do you want from me? Blood. He never took that approach with me. It was the, until, until you are good, until you are healed. If I have to be a punching bag, I will be that. If I have to be a doormat, I will be that I will do anything that it makes to survive this because I cannot be without you. Wow. And he proved it every single day. It was as though, and he was like this before, but it was even more so during this time. It was as though he communicated to me that the only thing that he wanted was to make me happy. And that's pretty much how he lives his life.


He lives his life every day waking up thinking like, damn, how can I make Gaia's life easier today? How can I make Gia happier today? But to answer your question, it was the, until it was the indefinite and it was the willingness to do any and everything to earn what he lost back. And was there ever a question in your mind? I know there was a point when you thought, no matter what I do, she's never going to take me back. Yes. Was there ever a time when you were like, you cry, I'm gonna come over there and hug you. I'm just letting you know I get you better. Hold them tears. I'm gonna hug the outta you from the back if you cry in front of your wife and then flex Your pelvis. But yes, answer, answer your question. Yes. Catch That little feel at that point. At that point I just, you know, I didn't know what was gonna happen, but I was like, I have to be honest to at least get my friend back, you know, word.


And at that point I, I, you know, I didn't know what Gia was gonna do. I thought it was a rap, but I was like, I still wanted my friend. I still wanted somebody I can talk to. You know, I still wanted a relationship whether that we can bounce like this. She's all I knew since I was 16, so Right. I still wanted my friend back And she's Jamaican shit that, that could have been forever beef. That could, that could Have been forever. But you know, it's interesting that you didn't kick him out of the house. You were still polite to him. You still wanted to maintain a co-parenting Yes. Friendship. I feel like that hurts more when you're like, we're not having sex. And I might end up with somebody else one day, but you know, we are cool. That hurts more than I.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Thursday on a b, C get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses, but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clee dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process, it's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, C. And will be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it.


It's The Nick's Best of 2024 sale going on now@nick.com. Don't miss incredible deals on life-changing Leakproof underwear. Unbelievable everyday bras and more from the number one Leakproof brand in North America. Save big, like 30% off bras, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms. 60% off. swim@ns.com. That's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the Best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leakproof undies. Plus shop other Yearend clearance deals. Like 30% off bras, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Knick's favorites. Or try something new during the Knicks. Best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's KI x.com. Hurry, the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to nick.com. That's KI x.com.


You couldn't lose weight fatigue, gas, bloating, Hot flashes. These women got life-changing symptom relief from Bell vial. The comprehensive hormone health solution from body. While everyone is unique and will have varied results, here are extraordinary experiences from independent body affiliates and actual veal users. The combination of the fitness, The food, the breathing exercises, the supplements, it's just the magic that I was missing. My workouts have never been better. I love the combination of the Pilates with lifting my Body literally feels like it got younger. This nutrition program has taught me what my body truly needs. I'm less bloated. I have less inflammation now I'm equipped with how to manage the stress. It's helping me sleep so much better. Within A week or two of taking these supplements, I physically felt a difference. I have transformed my body from the inside out. Vel Vitol is a first of its kind complete program that is helping thousands of women feel good. Learn more@belal.com.


Think sometimes than just completely like being nasty to somebody and cutting them off. Yes. Well, when I found out divorce was imminent, it was never a question. I was raised by a very strong mother who taught me that if a man ever disrespects you to that degree, then you walk. So it didn't matter how much I loved Rashaun and how much I would've missed him. And it didn't matter if I cried every night. It did not matter one iota how I felt. The only thing that was important to me was that I operated with my head and not my heart. And that I did what I always said that I was going to do.


So when I found out, when it was confirmed for me, and you can read the book and see the entire, No, we want you to go get the book, the Entire story. But when he confirmed it, we were in a parking lot. And when I drove away from that parking lot, it was a few days before Christmas and his mother was at the house helping me decorate. 'cause we were hosting that year. But I walked into the house And I told her, I said, Christmas is canceled. And she said, oh God. She said, what do you mean Christmas is canceled? And I said, well, I just found out that Rashan cheated on me and we're getting a divorce. So there's not gonna be any Christmas this year. At least I'm not hosting. Yo. It's wild that people actually cancel Christmas. I thought that was just a figure of speech.


No, no. Christmas Canceled. If this happened, we canceling Christmas. I Canceled Christmas. You canceled Christmas. Yeah. Canceled Christmas. Well in, in the sense of us hosting 'em. I wasn't gonna cancel it for our children. But you know, we didn't have to decorate for 30 people to come over. And my lovely mother-in-law, hi mama. She defended her beautiful son with everything that she could because, and bitches Lying. Pretty much. Yeah. I, and when she said something to that effect, I said, but for the fact that he just told me that it was true. And he came home maybe 20 or 30 minutes later and it was a whole thing, right?


But I was adamant that we were getting a divorce. I contacted an attorney, paid an attorney. It was decided. But thankfully there were a whole host of things that happened that, that convinced me that God had other plans All. Well, no move. We got more with Gia Casey. We're talking our new book. Real Life, real Love. Let's get into Mary j Blige joint. Here's real love, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest still in the building. My wife Gia Casey. We're talking about our new book, real Life, real Love, life Lessons on Joy, pain, and the Magic that holds us together.


You could pick it up today or you can get it on Audible, on Kindle or wherever you get your books. Yee Envy. Let me ask you, 'cause you know, for women we always are like, and like you said, Tyrese was having a conversation how a man can't cheat on you but still love you. Yeah. But why, like, you know, that's something that for women, we always wanna know. And I'm sure you had so many conversations. I still don't like his answer. I Don't necessarily agree with Tyrese said. I, I, I, I really feel that until, you know the definition of what love really means. I think a lot of times people Just say, I love you and oh it's, it is. Oh, I love you. But until you understand the definition of what love means, then you realize I don't, if I love somebody, like I say, you don't wanna hurt 'em, you don't wanna cheat on 'em.


You don't wanna disrespect them. You don't wanna have them looking crazy you because you love that person. And I don't think I knew the definition of love, but when I figured that definition out of what love is and what Gia meant to me, you know, you realize I don't wanna hurt her. I don't wanna see her cry. I don't wanna see her feel away. I don't wanna disrespect her. I don't wanna be controlling, I don't wanna be any of those things. And when you realize what that definition is, you, your outlook of life changes. I agree with him. And I'll add on, I've, because I've explored this in therapy, when you say you can cheat and still love a person, you might, but you don't really love yourself. Yeah. I think a lot of times, not a lot of time, all the time men cheat for ego. Oh yeah. Like, that's it. It's wounded ego. It's something that we're lacking. It has nothing to do with all wives, nothing to do with our girlfriends.


It's something that we feel like we are lacking for whatever reason. And that's what we, we go and do. It's literally just to feed our ego. Nothing more, nothing Less. You think women cheat for the same reason as men? Or you think it's different? Like when women cheat, you think they cheat for different reasons? I think women also cheat for ego. Who doesn't like to have the attention of the opposite sex. You know, especially when you are at a deficit and you do have holes and you need those holes filled and most people have slight holes, you know, not that you're out there thirsty for the attention of the opposite sex, but even if it's of the same sex when someone pays you a compliment, like it's nice to be wanted is essentially what I'm saying.


So for women, yeah. Emini here. I think that if you're with someone and you cheat, I think a big part of it is ego. But then, you know, you'll have people that say that they cheat because the person at home isn't doing what they're supposed to do. You know? And we have a son, Logan, he's 18, so he's starting to date seriously and whatnot now. And I had a conversation with him the other day And I said, listen, if you commit to a girl and you make her your girlfriend, one thing I do not want you to do is cheat. Do not come to me and tell me that you guys broke up because you cheated on her because I've raised you better than that. If you decide that you want something else or she's not satisfying, whatever needs you have, break up with her and move on to the next.


And if within a week you feel the same way about that girl, break up with her and move on to the next, do not cheat because you're sacrificing your own integrity when you do that. And that's pretty much a sign of really not loving yourself. When you love yourself, you wanna be self-actualize, you wanna be your best self. That's right. You wanna reach your highest potential. You wanna be a kind, a good person. And you owe that to yourself. You don't necessarily owe it to the other person. You owe it to yourself to do those things. And that's what I'm trying to instill in him as my oldest male child. You know, one, One of the biggest things I think that came outta this was all the work that he did do on himself. And he, he was suicidal at a point. That's, that's, that's, we know that, right?


Yes. I don't think that was all because of what was going on with you. I think it was, like I said, it was other things that he was dealing with inside of him that probably got him to that point. Yes. We would have to ask him because we've never had a conversation of it being about anything besides the threat of losing our relationship. I, I would say this, I would say, you know, I used to look at people who committed suicide as soft and sucker. Like that's 'cause that's what society made you think. Until I got into that predicament where I felt like my life, well everybody's life around me would be better if I wasn't here. And I couldn't shake it. And majority of it was losing my wife, losing my family, losing the, the, the, the thing that I knew and that I loved.


And I really feel like I didn't wanna be there. And, And I guess it was everything else that we said, like the insecurities that made me do it, the insecurities around me. And I just didn't know who I was as a person. Ooh, That's powerful. That's The Biggest talk. But I'm gonna say during all of that and all those conversations and all those late night talks and with praying, you feel like you realize who you are as a person. And once you figure that out, you figure out who you want to be, who you wanna, who you wanna live. Like, and you don't care about anything else. You know, at one time I used to care what people thought. Now I don't care as long as my wife and my family's happy, everything else is just white noise behind it. You Know, just think about how much stronger you guys are as individuals and your marriage is so much stronger after everything you've been through.


Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. If he said something powerful too. 'cause this business, this business will have you living a lie because we're characters. Yeah. Right. So we create these characters that kind of protect the rashan and protect the nar and we're go, we go home and we one way, but then we out in the street being another way. But you can't do both. Eventually that negative is going catch up. Yeah. So that's, that's why I think he was going through like, not only just the threat of losing you, but just like, who am I? Was that hard for you having this dual personality almost? Yeah, Absolutely. Because Emini here, like I, nothing's better now than to not care what people think. You know? I would have to think It's freedom. Yeah. Freedom. I would've to think about what I was saying on the radio and how it affect me, how people would look at me.


I would've to think about this or think about that instead of just being free and say, Hey, it is what it is. Take it how you like it. If you like me, you like me. If you love me, you love me. If you hate me, you hate me. And once I got to that, that place, life became a whole lot better. Mm. See a lot of gems in this. Fuck you guys. I was thoroughly entertaining. Like I said, I went Through you look stressed does. I'm good. It's just, it's, it's, I thought he's been nervous all morning before you got here. I was nervous. It's a triggering conversation. The Book is out today. Go Get it man. Make sure You pick it up. Real life, real love. Get it Today. Life lessons on joy, pain, and the magic that holds us together. That's Right. Amazon, Barnes and Nobles, wherever you buy books, your local bookstores, please pick it up today. And when you do read it or you read it, please, what we want you to do is we want you to tell us what you think about the book.


Whether it's a 32nd video tag here And I, we wanna repost it, whether you love it, whether you hate it, we're gonna repost all of them. 'cause we'd love to get you guys' feedback. Yeah. And I think that y'all gonna help a lot of couples and it's clear that y'all too are meant to be with each other. You know what I'm saying? One of my favorite chapters is called The New Deal. And it's pretty much about reparations that the offender has to make after offending their partner. And it's those things that will help to let, to signal to your partner that you just may be worthy of forgiveness and being extended grace. So what are those reparations? The first thing people are gonna say is that, oh, that's why he does the 12 days of Christmas. You know? That's right. A lot of people do say that.


S that before We done that before. But you before, you know what's funny? And, and that's the funny thing. We've always done 12 days of Christmas. We just never made it public. And it's not the type of thing that at first I ever wanted to make public because it is grand. But I decided to start posting it because it's not about the material items that he gives me for Christmas. It's about the intention behind it. It's about the thought. You know, he starts shopping almost a year in advance for that. And every gift comes with something special, A little note, a little treasure hunt to find the gift, A prayer, a poem, something that is giving of his heart, not giving of his Pocket.


And that's why when you, you know, you read the book and you hear y'all talk, that's why you understand why he got so upset at these and Merrill that's Yes. Correct. You know what I'm saying? Because y'all relationship is so much deeper than That. Of course. You know, because with their comment, it almost to me suggests as though there's nothing else worthy about him. That's right. That would signal me to stay aside from what he has to offer financially. And it's a joke. Right? But we all know that all jokes are rooted in some truth. And that's what I think their truth was. Looking at it from an outsider, I wasn't some Jackie come lately and met somebody with money and was like, Ooh, come up.


We grounded out from day one. Yeah. From day one. I was always there and supporting him and loving him and if he failed and wound up being a secretary or anything, followed another path, I would still be there know. Yeah. I think He'd been a proctologist. A proct. He does that on the side. Did that take it took a beat to get that. Just Can't believe he's struggl. Whatcha talking? I'm just suggesting other career options that you could've taken. That's I, I can't believe he's flirting with me with my wife had. It is like you're disrespectful. Real life, real love. Thank You for having me guys. That's Right.


Pick it up today and it's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. No, you gotta tell this guest I love you. Before you sign off. Yes. Gia Casey, Thank you for joining us. I love you. I love you too. I love You. Way more than Shala. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. A that's pretty funny being The devil. The Breakfast Club Donkey today goes to a 38-year-old woman named Baka Baka Benjamin. Okay. I'm also at that age where I simply don't understand what certain people be on. So I treat it like I'm at a safari, right?


Well, I'm on a safari. I'm just riding in my Jeep, cruising through the jungle, keep all my limbs in the car, watching the action. Okay? And one thing I like to watch is when people got beef with others and they say, when I see my eye, it's on site. Now a lot of folks be lying. Okay? A lot of folks be telling the truth though. See on site means it don't matter where you at church, the doctor's office with your grandmother or funeral for your aunt. No, I said it's on site. And on site means no matter the site is on. Now, just because I like to watch something doesn't mean I agree with it. I was born in 1,978. Your Uncle Charlotte got rules. And one of those rules is that kids should always be protected. You don't do nothing around kids, you put the kids in harm's way and you shouldn't put the kids in harm's way in any way, shape or form.


Okay? You hear those tragic stories of people getting shot and killed while they with their kids. People get shot and kid shot and killed while holding their, their babies in their arm. That's disgusting to me. Okay? You see someone with their child, you say, you know what? I'll catch them later. Which also really don't make no sense, especially if you're dumb ass playing to kill a person because you care about kids enough not to want to harm the adult when they around the child. But you are still willing to take the adult off the earth and leave the child without a parent. Dumb, stupid ass logic that makes no sense. But if people made sense, then I wouldn't be able to do donkey today, every day for the last 14 years. Now, Breca Benjamin, 38 years old, walked into the holy grounds of Walmart, okay?


The cultural institution that is Wiley's world. And she saw one of her ops, oh, she saw one of her ops and she must have vowed that it was on site with this person because BCA had her six month old baby with her. I repeat. Bca had her six month old baby with her when she saw her op and this happened. Let's go to News 15 for the report please. A shocking story Out of Eunice, a mother's behind bars were simple battery and cruelty to juveniles Priorities. You'll see Eunice police were called to Walmart in response to a fight near the front doors. Surveillance footage shows Bianca Benjamin, who is 38 years old, holding her six month old infant during an argument before allegedly throwing her baby in a trash can.


We'll repeat that. She allegedly threw her baby in the trash can before she got into a fight. As of this morning, police say the infant's safe and has been entrusted to other family members. You couldn't pass the baby to nobody. You couldn't leave the baby in the stroller. The trash can is the best place you could find to put your baby because you wanted to fight. Bianca Benjamin saw her op, she had her six month old baby with her and threw the baby in the trash can to go square up. I don't know if her op was the baby or the woman she was fighting in the store. Okay? You couldn't even put the baby in the recycle bin. Just, just throw the baby in the trash. I've heard some wild reasons why folks threw babies in the trash. Brenda threw her baby in the trash.


But Brenda Bailey had a brain, the girl could hardly spell her name. Plus she was young and didn't want the baby. Lucius lying threw Jamal in the trash with being gay. But Jamal wasn't a baby, okay? He was big and gay, right? There is no reason to put your child in a trash can unless you dressing them up as Oscar to Grouch for Halloween. This is why I be telling folks to go to therapy. This is why I'm such a mental health advocate. Because we have to get our minds right. There is no part of the human brain that should say this, that should say to you, I see my op, I'm gonna throw my baby in the trash so I can go fight that baby in your arm. Should be all the reason you need to avoid the trouble. But what you did with that baby in that moment, Bianca, is a reflection of you.


It is exactly how you see yourself. You had no problem throwing your baby in the trash because you see yourself and your life is trash. You don't love yourself. And if you don't love yourself, it's impossible to love anyone or anything else, I guess including your child. Please give Bianca Benjamin the biggest. Hee-haw. No, no. That's crazy. No, I see the stupid look in your eye. No. Jess, you wanna play a game? No, I wanna play a game. No. Did she win a fight? Why her name? Her name is Bianca. What's Benjamin? Okay Bianca. That sound like he should be on a street fighter. Okay.


You know we not playing the game. Did she win though? And you know why? But Trump daughter named Priyanka Trump got a daughter named Priyanka. Yeah. Huh? Priyanka. Priyanka. Oh, Ivanka it man. Ivanka. Ivanka. It was, her name's Ivanka. He cut it. Ivanka Somebody in it's some Indian named Priyanka. Priyanka sound like a baby Trump would have with a black mistress. But did she, did she win the fight? I don't know if she won or not. That's not y'all missing the, don't matter if she won. Not really. She threw the baby in the trash. Yeah. You think she Got asshole? I think she was trying to kill two birds in one stone. She didn't want the baby and she wanted to fight the girl. God damn. And what if somebody would've came up and emptied the trash right after? Exactly. They didn't realize what if you know they was doing they job. Exactly. What if she got her dumb ass knocked out and then somebody threw the trash out?


Then what? Come on man. What race was she? I'm not playing with you. Leave me alone. What race you think she is, Jess? Heck, I don't know. I don't, I haven't seen the picture. I ain't seen the pictures. I don't know what she look like. Okay, you want me to Google? I'll Google. All right. Type it up. You know you be up over there typing and looking up everything else. I'm gonna Google her right now. Let me see that name. Sound white to me. Oh, Brion. Damn. Oh envy. God damn. What is she? God she white. Is I just, I just, I'll just do this right. I'm gonna just tell, I'm gonna just tell y'all she got a mouth full of gold tea.


Emini here, Emini here. Bullets. Emini here loaded. She got all the flux. Bitch. She from Florida, but doesn't matter. Exactly. Okay. God damn. Damn Lord have mercy on our soul. Okay? Jesus Christ. All right man. Well thank you for that donkey then. She not. And then then don't. And she not black. All right, well she's not black. She white. You know what she is? I'm not saying that word. No, I vowed to not say that word. You vowed a couple times and you still said it after. That's it. Right? I'm not, people need to know. Let Uncle Rucker sit. That is our for re at work. Huh? That's right. Okay. What?


All right. I hate y'all The Breakfast Club everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building because today is national co-parenting day period. So we had to bring in a man who, I feel like him and Jess have one of the best co-parenting relationships I've ever seen. That's right. Rome as hell. Rome is here. I got Ron. I Got Chuck already wrong call you. Wow. What Happened? Just say, I wanna know who gave room some liquor this morning. And I was like, I ain't give it to him. I just told him where the bar was. And you said, You said help yourself. Help yourself. Yeah. That's fine. Mm. And you said it was, you said it was apple juice And I was about to take a step And I was like, Uhuh, It was not, you already knew it wasn't apple juice.


Mm. I just ain't think you was gonna pick the cup Up. Okay. You, you and Jess have the best co-parenting situation I've ever witnessed. How did y'all get to this point? Bro? She thinks she's my mother first and foremost. Oh, okay. But it took time. I felt like when you take the feelings out of it and you, you realize that the child is the most important part of the relationship. 'cause it's still a relationship, whether y'all intimate or not, you can do magical things. Magical things. And I think that me being a dad that I was and that I am still today, I wanted that. I felt like if we wasn't gonna be together, there was no need for us to beef. We've created over time. Whereas now she's my best friend. She's, she's my safe space.


I feel like, you know, I can vent to her because sometimes all the time I need it. But I feel like when I was pouring into these other women, they would use it against me. Whereas though now, now that she's pregnant, I don't really call her and say certain things. 'cause I know she's going through certain things mentally now. So Justice has always in my safe space though. So it's like, she's always been a person that I go to, I call, give me advice. Some advice I don't take, but just to hear. But just to hear her give it to me just to know that she care because Emini here, I don. I don't really have nobody. How did y'all, how did y'all meet? How did you meet Jess? How did y'all start dating back then? Where did you see it? When was like, oh, this is, this is something I want holler at. So it's crazy because we grew up in the same, starting to smile.


He starting to smile. He going, Nah. 'cause I, my mom, when my mom was alive, my mom died when I was 10. When my mom was alive. We went to the same church. My mom died. My father like really took me away from everybody. So now it's like fast forward with like 17, It's Facebook. And she came across my timeline And I was like, oh, okay. So I, I did a dot, dot dot And I put a basketball emoji. Oh, you thought she was the WNBA player? No, no. Shut up man. Little junior varsity. No. Basketball he play with you bug at? No, she bit on it too. Okay. I think I was like, I'm just coming to get my ball coming to get was mine. Something like That. Yeah. I Said, what the fuck is this? And you, Why the basketball room? I need to know that I've seen it somewhere.


What? Loving basketball? No, I Seen somebody do that. Like, I don't know where I seen it. You got This, put a basketball in the messages. This is 11 years. Okay. 12. 12 Years ago. 12 years ago. So I'm like, I don't, I don't know. I I did it because I don I thought it was, it was corny, but I thought it was, you know, but it Worked. It got attention. What do you think just when you saw the basketball? I just said, I said, what the fuck is this? Okay. I just typed that back and he was like, I got attention. He said, it was my ball, it's my ball and I'm coming to get, I'm coming to get it or something like that. I'm coming to get was mine. And I was like, oh, okay. What's, I already knew that was given what it was. It worked. You want to bounce it? Okay, what's up? But it worked. It worked. It worked. So y'all started talking, where was y'all first date? What was your first, when you started first talking, what was your, to be honest, man, Jessica did a lot.


I'm gonna say this before a lot of these young guys became Jody. I was Jody. Mm. And our First date, big date, I'm gonna say it was Six Flags. Okay. Okay. Six Flags. All right. I'm doing it big. But before that we did a lot of other things. But after that it was, we did a lot. Like she introduced me to a lot. Actually. We both was the same age, but she helped make me become Got to becoming a man. Yeah. Becoming a man. And then, yeah, then boom. Now Jess always says that you are, you were overprotective, made sure she was good. Correct. But then she always said, you can't fight. Oh my God. No.


She never seen me fight. Oh. I never had to wrong. We, we fought. I got that from, She did say that. Of course I'm not gonna fight her, bro. Oh, it's crazy. 'cause I just got a picture from the window. You bust the mines. She busted your windows out your Car. What Man? No one window would I fist What? What happened? Oh, you Can't beat her Then if she could break a window from a fist out, when I even try to fight that, what Happened? Wrong. Rome had to take a sip. Thinking about that, that's triggering to him. What happened? What Happened? You wanna do real, real? Of course. Oh God. Alright. My step like, Jessica, pull up. Mind you, we ain't together. Jessica pulls up. I had a girl in the house, so my, my brother like, come to the top of the steps like Rome. Jessica set the door.


I'm like, all right, here I come. The don't even wait for me to come. He let her in. He let her in. Oh boy, mind I walked right past him and his friends with the girl that's could get in, come down the steps. But What, what did I see when I walked down the steps? Jerome, You didn't see. So initially tries to massage this story at Ashton. I had a portable rocking bassinet where I could put it in the trunk, send it to her, bring it back. Ashton was in a portable rocking joint. Me and the girl was on the, on the bed. I had on basketball short. She had on her uniform pants. No, she gonna sit, she's been saying this uniform pants. Well, she in the middle Co. She The co This is correct. Correctional officer In The middle of time? No, she's a correctional officer.


Okay. So like, she's sitting, she's facing me, but her legs is like, you know how that go. Jessica come down and say, she keeps, she gonna say, oh, we was naked. We was not naked, was naked. No pants. I been going, it'd been happening. I don't get naked. And was she top sit up? She had. Okay. Oh my gosh. She's never gonna tell her truth anyway. She banged the girl. You beat up the girl. No, she didn't beat up. She banged her. And I was like, popped her, fell And I picked her up and walked up the stairs and threw her outside. Rome You could never lift me. No. Did you up? You never? No. Y'all See what I'm saying? She never wants to, she never wants to admit the truth. So hold On. The field couldn't fight. No, I ain't, I don't know if she could fight or not, but she, her one time and then she got up and then she put on her uniform and went and left, went upstairs and she, she left.


It's the truth is now I I I promise you I wish it was iPhones and cameras. You started fighting that, that No, I didn't fight you. And my son was not in no portable, nothing. He was on the floor on a blanket and the cat was looking at him like he wanted up to eat 'em. Yes. Basement had cement under the carpet. So I would never lay my, I wouldn't even lay on the floor. Y'all been arguing About this for 11 years. For 11. She never wanna tell she was drunk outta her mind. And I'm trying to figure out of home. That's why I Was just getting off of work. Just get off work Because goddamn, I had to job. You didn't Had goddamn lie. You did not just get off work. You was fired at that time. So please, No, I got fired right after that. I was working at McDonald's. That's when I was stealing. I was the writer this overnight.


This Is good. So much Gretto love. I Love. And then if I was drinking, okay, I was drinking on the job, but I was at work, so, and then I came to get my son and yeah. No, You did not come get your son. 'cause it was my weekend. So what else? So what? I come until Monday from daycare. Why would you coming? No, you was coming to be nosy. I didn't have to come to be on day. What she was looking for. She had a passenger with her. If you coming to get yourself Cousin Nicole. Yep. She, I don leave because she, but I, my son go home. What? 11 years. You still don't like 11 years old, man. That's my dog. How did you punch the window? How did you break the window? Man, shit, that her hand. So you walked out, seen this car? I'm punched the No, she, I threw ass out. You Drunk. You're not that. You was not that strong. You did not me. I had you and it was the steps.


You jazzy Jeff. Oh yeah. That right there. He Could never, ever, even right now, could not do that to, so Why you hit the window though? Why you hit the call? Because knew already, I was just Really, really mad because he wouldn't gimme my son. She's lying. You wouldn't gimme my son. You called the police told me, gonna try to say his. I didn't call the police. Called the police. I never called. She called the police over. Well, I didn't call the police. I don you jail. Listen, you went to jail. I went to jail that night. Pause, pause. Listen, I need everybody hear this where I'm from. The jail is right there, Right around the corner. You Can walk. It's two minutes. So they heard the commotion. They walked to west. I don't know how they came. He called the police on me. And then going. And then when the police came, I, I was, I just sat in my car. I was mad. I was like, no, I can't move here to get my son Nicole. Nicole did tell me, yo, come on, let's pull off.


He not giving you the baby. He not giving you the baby. I was like, all right.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Thursday on a b, c get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arian Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses, but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clea dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process, it's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premieres Thursday at eight seven Central on a b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it.


It's the Nick's Best of 2024 sale going on now@nick.com. Don't miss incredible deals on life changing leak-proof underwear, unbelievable everyday bras and more from the number one leakproof brand in North America. Save big, like 30% off bras, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off. swim@nicks.com. That's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the Best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish Leakproof Undies Plus shop, other year end clearance deals like 30% off brass, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Nick's favorites. Or try something new during the Nick's Best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's KI x.com. Hurry, the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to nicks.com. That's KI x.com.


You couldn't lose weight fatigue, gas, bloating, hot flashes. These women got life-changing symptom relief from Bel Vial, the comprehensive hormone health solution from Body. While everyone is unique and will have varied results, here are extraordinary experiences from independent body affiliates and actual Bel Vial users. The combination of the fitness, the food, the breathing exercises, the supplements, it's just the magic that I was missing. My workouts have never been better. I love the Combination of the Pilates with lifting. My body Literally feels like it got younger. This nutrition program has taught me what my body truly needs. I'm less bloated. I have less inflammation. Now. I'm equipped with how to manage the stress. It's helping me sleep so much better. Within A week or two of taking these supplements, I physically felt a difference. I have transformed my body from the inside out. Bel Vial is a first of its kind complete program that is helping thousands of women feel good. Learn more@veal.com.


Right? Cool. But I was mad so I didn't pull off the police pad. Wagon pulled up and got out and you was like, she right there. She right there wrong. She ain't even pull off yet. You was the, they walked stop. How was I try to get, how did I try to get you locked up when I'm the same one called trying to bail you out with no money. You, I don't know why you ever thought you could build somebody out with no money. I ain't sleep that night. You trying to get out, check out, put her jail to bail out. Listen, check this out. You, have you ever went through a woman phone? Of course. Could you eat after that? Yes you could. Well, I couldn't. Mm, I'm, I'm comparing that to when she went to jail. I couldn't eat, I couldn't sleep, you know. And you was sick. I get it. I was sick. Yeah. Yeah. I didn't, I didn't want, I didn't want her in jail. Why the fuck I call the police?


Yeah. All right. We got more with Rome. If you don't know who Rome is, of course. That's just hilarious as baby daddy. And today is National Co-Parenting Day and we're having a conversation with Rome, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are, The Breakfast Club is still kicking it with Rome. That is Jess's baby daddy. Today is National Co-Parenting Day and they are excellent co-parenting. And we're having a great conversation, Charlamagne. So now when you hear this story, Jesus Christ, and you say to yourself, why are they there on National Co-Parent Day? Because they are like the Best of friends now. Absolutely. They call each other. Just calls you her brother. How do you feel about that? How did y'all get there?


Do You look at her like your sister, sister? You said mama, my daughter. I was gonna say what she say you created That she like my mother. Like when we outta town and act like my mother, I ain't going disclose too much, but she thinks she my mother. No, I just know She likes to control. Like she know how I am though. Like me, I'm a loner. I think part of that controlling part is like she cares. And sometimes, especially when I'm under the influence, I've done dumb ass. So I think That's good. Did you know that you can admit that? Yeah. I've done dumb ass. I don dunno if justice system in the back. Everybody like, you know, everybody know that I'm, but I hold myself accountable to that. Mind you now, I ain't gonna say what I learned from one mistake because I done did a dumb ass over and over again.


But I think in that aspect, that's when the mother, the mother with the v coming, but the bro, her calling me brother and sister were like, honestly without the child, like, it, it, it is there. It it seen like Amazon cameras off. Like, you can't fake this or make this up. Oh yeah, Rome started that. Rome started calling me sis first and then I started calling him, bro, I, you know, I'm like, yeah, we, we do have like a sibling dynamic in some way. You know, he still confides in my mom. He like, my mom is our mother. Like, it's not, it ain't nothing crazy. It's nothing intimate. Like seriously, I'll always say this. People be like, yeah, right. I can literally walk past this and, And I don't do this what I'm saying, I can walk past this man naked and he does this and they be like, girl, what?


Like that I'm talking about seriously likes. How Do y'all, y'all deal with each other's spouses or each other's boyfriend and girlfriend? Like how do you deal with his girl and how do you deal with, with Tyrone? She told us you had 17 baby mamas. Five. Five. Okay. I never told you he had no damn. I Thought you Said like, everybody always tried. I said it's cool though. It's cool. I get it. I'm not say a five, but this was this and now this was the friction part. Now we got over that. But this, the, the friction part was I'm on my business. I don't getting her shit. But the friction part was her getting into mines. But she's still a woman. I'm still a man. Yeah. So women tend to do that. And this is not no shame to women. I don't mean no disrespect by saying it, but I think women tend to, to do that. Especially a woman that care about you.


What? Well, she said that sometimes you make bad decisions and she's there as your sister to make sure you good. Correct. Regardless if it's Life, Relationship or whatever. Correct. She said that on there phone with me personally, I never really, like I talked to her about certain things, but I never really liked my family to get into no intimate situation. Yeah. Because guess what, y'all could feel a way about this person, whatever y'all want, whether it's negative or good. If I'm gonna deal with this person, I'm gonna deal with him. Like the the female can smack shit out me yesterday. I might get over it and tomorrow. But it's like, that's why I always, that's how I was always able to that distinguish the two. Like when Jessica with her man, when she come to you, like, I don't know, like I ain't never pillow talking or sneak this or nothing.


Like I don't really care for like it ain't nothing to have that. I don't if if, if you put it in that sense. But when she come to me with a man, I tell her ain't right. Well, both of y'all gotta care though. 'cause you going want to know who around your son. She gonna want know around her son. I never did though. Yeah. I never, so in the beginning stage, yeah. Don't have this my son, but Right, right, right. I grew outta that. So now it's, I trust my child mom enough to she won't bring no around my child. So I don't say, oh, don't have this around my, that's never been a problem. What has been a problem was envy me except for my last dog. Oh yeah. My, my dog. That's my dog. Who, who's the, who's the dog? My dog. Chris. Chris, okay. Chris. My dog. That's my dog. I ain't gonna hold you. I think he's the, I think like me, honestly.


Me and Jess, man. Like, I think it's been times where a woman didn't like me and her situation, but guess what? Bye. Yeah. More so on. And yeah, it'd be more so on his end because it's much more of them. But the thing is, yeah, the thing is like, I don't like when I, 'cause I even tell him when he doing wrong too. Like, yo don't treat her like that. This is not how, how how you going introduce me to her now I now I done got to know her, you know, and whether she had a kid or not. Most of the time it's the ones that have the kids, but it's like, yo, you got to be do right or just be single. Like don't keep hurting women in the process of trying to find what you looking for.


Emini here, I know that's all a part of dating, but when you have kids it's different, you know? Right. And then he'd be like, ah, that's why I don't like you to be getting into it. You know? And then I don't like, he, he attracts a lot of toxic women too, like abusive relationships where women will put they hands on 'em. I'm like, what? Yeah, all right. You know? But he don't, he he's like, nah, but I might be with it. Am all what? She just blacked your eye? What are you talking about? You know what I'm saying? Like, no, we not doing it. But Claire, I never had a black eye. Okay, well she bust your nose. Whatever women have put they hands on you. That's, And that's why, and that's why she's my dog. Like, I think she's the only one really, honestly, the one that get the fuck under my skin, like certain word place she used.


And I don't care what tone she used it in. But to say that is like, RA was really never taught how to love. When I moved with my dad, my, my, I didn't move my dad and my stepmom, which is my mom now. Me and my mom have a great relationship. That's my stepmom. And my dad was married, but my dad was cheating. Like, Same Like my dad story cheating. But my dad showing me that bro. Like, I'm thinking cool. So like when even when I started dealing with women and stuff like that, multiple women and all that, my dad was like, yeah, Uhuh Uhuh. Absolutely. And I'm thinking it's cool Because that's what you being taught. That's what I, that's what I'm saying. That's, I'm being taught. Like, and every man in my life that I looked at as a role model to me was the same way.


Same. So it's like what you expect. But the good thing is, is now is like I'm old enough now, and mind you, I ain't perfect. Now I'm, I'm, I'm seeing it. I'm trying to, you know, change it, but I never was taught to love properly. So, And I never, my trust issues are fucked up from my dad because I'm seeing what he's doing. Right. But I'm saying when it's done to him, his reactions like, damn, you was just doing this. How you gonna get mad? Right. So it's like every relationship I've went into, I had an expiration date. Me, I put an expiration on myself. I said, she gonna get what she gonna get. I'm gonna get what I'm getting. I'm gone. So I never really gave a woman the, the Commitment, Not even commitment, but I've never gave the woman a chance to really love me.


But even with, with the kids, like even having kids with other Women, nah, I haven't. And this is, like I said, no distract to my children. Moms, a lot of my, my children came out of vulnerability. Hmm. Explain, expand on that. And I'm explain that. So I will meet a woman who I may feel like she, it's what I need another safe place or whatever the case may be. But I'm already vulnerable from a previous relationship, have a child knowing I don't want to be with this woman, but I feel like I'm forced to be with her because it's a child. Mm. And I've done that, you know, multiple times come multiple times. You Know, you need, you needed a therapist, not another baby mama. I need. Correct. Yeah. But, But at the time of me, at the time of vulnerability, you know, women, you know, women, women can bro, they, they be masked up.


But like, I never really knew how to be alone. Like, I feel like I gotta have somebody laying next to me. Because even before my mom died, my mom was asleep naked. This, this is a back then thing. How old were you when Your, was when your mother passed? Yeah, I was 10, but I was a mommy's boy. Did you ever, damn, did you ever really Properly grieve? No. I so grieving. No, I never really grieved. All I did was I thought it was gonna help me by going to school for social work because that's what she was. But I never really properly grieved. And that's a, that's a process now. I do want to get, you know, back in the gym, I do wanna get a therapist, but I want everything else around me to be intact so that I can fully commit. Because if I ain't fully committed, it ain't gonna work. All right. We got more with Rome.


If you don't know who Rome is, of course. That's just hilarious. His baby daddy. And today is National Co-parenting day and we're having a conversation with Rome. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rome. That is Jess baby daddy. Today is national Co-parenting day and they are excellent co-parenting. And we're having a great conversation. Charlamagne, how did Y'all that's the most thing, the most, I don't wanna say most important, but one of the most important things. How did y'all realize we don't have feelings for each other no more. Like what, how did that just go away? Like, y'all have, y'all love each other, but not in that Way.


I got my answer. You wanna go first? You can go first for sure. 'cause I'm still thinking when I stopped caring about who she dealt with. Oh, when I wouldn't even, like, I wouldn't even care. Like how old did that take? Oh, three years Or like when action was like three. Yeah, he was still like, really? Yeah, it was like three years. But at that, but honestly that three years, like I had caught a, a big check, so it was like, you know, I was almost half a million dollar. So it was like the pain that I had, whatever the case may be, I would, I would pay, I was like, just b block it out. But other than that, like You ain't trying to stunt on her a little bit though. Oh no, most definitely. I never stunned. No, I never, yeah, no, I never, I'm waiting, I'm waiting for that.


I never intentionally stunted on her. I never did that. Never. Okay. I did everything she possibly could ask me to do. And she said on a a, a one of these souls, something about a BGE bill and I'm gonna address that I never wanted to address. That was one our show. That was our show One co-parenting and records. I'm address that now with B Bill. That's electric bill. Right. Be so, so, so hold, I'm, I'm gonna explain it. Her lights got cut off, got a 500,000 check and you look, listen no, it wasn't right then and there. Okay. But it's over time because mind you, so mind you, because I like, mind you, a lot of my place, she helped me, she helped me get a lot on the back end. But in a time, like I helped her, whatever the case may, I didn't know she was moving with a man. I didn't move with a man. Well, she moved man in with her.


Yeah. After. Alright. Okay. This after. So He had you in the dark too? No, no. This was, this was mind before I met him. I don get him her business. So I don't know that he not there. So boom, here's, so here's, here's here's my logic and I'm gonna say what I'm gonna say to her after I explain it. My logic was, all right, man is in the house, boom, beat Iggy cut off. So she like, well, Rome. I'm like, well, I'll take my son with me. But that wasn't me talking, that was the girlfriend I had talking. Oh shit, you ain't tell me that. I never told you that because as a woman, you ain't trying to hear that. And I want as, as a man and, and you being me, I don't want to hear that. So I didn't want to tell you that because I'd have felt less of a man un ball Your fist, Jess. So Yeah, but, but now I understanding somebody else is smacking the cheeks.


You pay that bill. So listen, so the girlfriend was like, so y'all living in that house? So the girlfriend was like, don't talk about no house. So listen. No, go ahead. So the, so the girlfriend was like, I took a certain amount of money out the bank. I did. She was with me. She like, why you giving it to Jessica? I'm like, 'cause she needed, and she like, oh, that's why I'm because of your money. I never said the reason. Wow. I never said the reason. Yeah. Yeah. I never said the reason though. She was like, what exactly do she need? Because I know you ain't giving her no, she don't need a bag or nothing like that. I'm like, nah, it's something else. She like, well don't she got a living with her? Mm. And mind you, I'm drinking at the time, you thinking the same thing.


I'm like, You wasn't even thinking that till she said it. I wasn't thinking that, but I'm drinking and I'm like, you know what? You right. Why you ain't ask Jess though? Crazy. Why you need to pick up the phone and say, Jess, what's up with you? Because I was a young emotional boy Who had just ran into a bunch of money, a bunch of with that. No, I'm hurt. My hurt young man got a lot of money. Everybody done me over. I got some money. I'm doing the one don't make myself happy. Yeah. And that's how I'm broke. Everybody except me, you Feel me? Except her. So that was why I was like, And I was, and, and, and, and granted right now on today, I'm gonna say I truly sincerely apologize. What? For not taking care of you the way I should have.


Mm. Do you accept and I'm gonna take my glasses off? Yeah. Because for a long time that shit hurt me. And it's like, I never, ever, ever, especially you, I never ever, ever, ever meant to do that to you. And it's like now, that's why I even, I worked so hard today and, and, and just try to even just give you something. But in due time that come back, I ain't, you know, I done made that back, went broke again, made it back, went broke again. But my biggest downfall, the commonest denominator was alcohol and women. Mm. Them two problems never allowed me to really reach my full potential. Right. Because even when I seen a couple years ago, you seen it 2019 when I was single, when I went and moved back by myself, I ran that Up flourish.


But if be women holding me back, man, you Ran into Somebody. You, I I'm sorry that I didn't do what I was supposed to do. And a lot of my, I was get jaw that wasn't dark. I felt that was my duty. But because I had certain people in my, in, in my ear that I thought had they best interest in me. But when a bag ran out, they left. Mm. Yeah. I'm sorry. Yeah. And I'm not a sorry person. I apologize. Okay. I appreciate that. And but listen, I was not, I was talking to an, he moved in months after. You think he was gonna move into a dark house, you think I you think I one of the, see I was living. No. And when you said, I asked you like, yo, can you just get my, my lights on, I'll pay you back. That's when I was scamming and doing all that shit.


That shit got slow too. So I'm like, all right. You was like, nah, I'll take my son. Nobody taking my kid. Not even his father said that. Like, as long as Ash wasn't scared of the dark, we was good. You know what I'm saying? Like, I still had candles. We was playing, we was doing all that. We would stay outside. That turned you Up a notch Until, until it went until it got dark. And then we would go in the house and hell, he ain't never asked me why the lights ain't coming on. It don't matter. So as long as he was good, I was good. I just wanted to be able To call your baby before, You know what I'm saying? And just be like, yo, get my lights home for Me. And you should have, but guess what? That made you a demon. And when I say demon, I say in the best way that turned you up. And you, like I tell teach my kids, especially my oldest boy, my 11-year-old bro, like, I don't want you to have to go through something bad to learn a lesson.


Right. I don't think everybody should have to go do something bad, learn a lesson. Right. But in your case, I feel like yeah, that put that battery in your back and know when that battery came in your back. You ain't, you ain't treating me no way. Nope. It took still a minute for us to create that bond. Yeah. But y'all have it now. And I think y'all both should give each other some grace. 'cause y'all was dumb young. Correct. Young. And I always was a hurt young man, so. Right. But I love this story because it shows the foundation and how y'all are now Yeah. And how y'all treat each other now. You know, I don't know you, but the way she talks about you on the radio and, and like you said, she is a mother. She protects you, she holds you down. I just love to see it. Yeah. No, sometimes I be telling her to stop talking about Rome like that.


He always do. I do. But It's like, I be like, why you be talking about Rome? But I, IIII get it. She don't mean no harm about it. No, She don't. Like I said, man, like I wish a lot of other people would take from us. Yeah. And that's why this gotta be on tv. That's why y'all writing a book. Yeah. All that book coming, everything Coming book coming. Yes. Everything coming, man. You Have you think the most important thing, because I, I want y'all to save a lot of this, but what, what's the most important thing it takes to co-parent? If y'all, y'all just leave, leave it on that because it's national co-parenting day. Yo, I'll say I start off communication, like a lot of people be scared to hurt each other's feelings. And a lot of people be afraid to have uncomfortable conversations, whether it's about kids Unh differences.


Yeah. Whatever. Like one day me and Rome just literally met up and just, we just talked about everything that, you know, he felt like I did him wrong in certain situations. And then he felt like, like I would always try because he, he says I'm controlling a lot And I do take that, you know what I'm saying? I, yeah. I, I own that. I do like, I was trying to control how he parents sometimes, like how, how he would raise Ash and all of that type of stuff. We just put everything on the table and just, just was like, all right, you're moving forward. 'cause it's really about Ash. Right. And that's really like when we, after that, it was like, no, looking back, it's like, all right, whatever cool Piece Of cake. I'm sure it's a discussion that'll continue on, not even just amongst, you know, Justin and Rome, but just amongst anybody out there.


That's right. You know, dealing with co-parenting issues. But I think Rome, you know, Rome is talking to a lot of different issues that a lot of us men go through. You know what, Emini here. So I'm, I'm happy that you was vulnerable this morning. That's right. Thank you. You know what, Emini here. Well there you happy? And their book is coming soon via Black Privilege Publisher. Love you. Y Simon and Schu Love you more sis. Alright, well it's Rome. Yes. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yes. The World most dangerous Morning show The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. Tha God here I just want to tell all of y'all Happy New Year man and made this new year all your dreams turn into reality and made all your efforts turn into great achievements, man. Salute. See y'all in a week, breakfast Club Bitches. You finish or y'all


done Thursday on a b, c, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series, extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover, mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses, but lives. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premieres Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.


Looking For excitement. Jumbo Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots, bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Ptw Group, no purchase necessary Void, vote prohibited by loss in terms of conditions at plus.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, Family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello? And what if your past itself was the secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions we'll be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all. Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll Hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.