
What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs a little help? Seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page needs to pull her family back together by any means necessary. Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance. With iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month Each at t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% apr, 36 month agreement on each while qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


Friday the Paris Olympics begin with the most stunning opening ceremony. Yet as the sun sets over the city of light, a parade of boats will carry the Olympic athletes through one of the world's most beautiful cities. And on to an epic celebration at the Eiffel Tower. Join Mike Tarico, Peyton, Manny Kelly Clarkson, and Snoop Dogg for the opening ceremony of the Paris Olympics. Friday 7 36 30 Central on NBC and Peacock.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And we got a special guest on the line. Right now we have Miss Angela Rod. Good morning, Ms. Ry. Good Morning. Good morning. How are y'all? Eddie Rod daughter, how you feeling this morning? I feel good Lot to talk about this morning. Let's jump right in it. Over the weekend, Biden decided he was gonna tap out. Finally, finally, finally, finally, finally. But You know what made me laugh though. I saw you jump out the window. I ain't even see the original video. I just saw your correction video and I'm like, but you, but I already knew what it was about. 'cause you had already said this to me before, but you, you, you said you thought that Biden stepped down and, and and, well I'll let you explain it.


Biden stepped down, you had some words, you took the post down. What were you upset about initially? So as you all know, yesterday Joe Biden issued a letter that he didn't even tell a lot of folks on his campaign about. He said that he was going to not drop out as the president right now, but drop out of the campaign. And in that letter there was only a mention of Vice President Kamala Harris as doing a great job. And he's been proud to have her as his partner for the last four years. So I'm like, where're the second page. Where're the second page. And so I'm like, yo, I have already told these people they've been talking about it all week, that he may not endorse Kamala Harris.


That's not acceptable to me. This person is on your ticket that says Biden Harris everywhere. So I went off, I was like, what are you doing? What are we talking about friend? Like we gonna have some real problems. If, you don't throw your support behind a person who has stood lockstep with you in moments where she shouldn't have, including the debate night, which is where this snowball all began. And then three minutes later. Three minutes later. Exactly. But the thing is, I heard that people flipping out and going off like that actually helped. Why wasn't it in the initial letter? They said that's what they wanted, wanted to come from the campaign officially. But why did you just put it on Twitter my friend?


Like the tweet. The tweet don't necessarily go as viral as the letter that of your initial announcement. So I think it was bad strategy and sometimes that is the casualty of not getting your whole team involved and ensuring that people advise you on the flat sides of your strategy. I disagree. I think it was good strategy because I felt like both of them deserved their own different announcements. And they both worked right? Because he announced and then everybody was like, oh my God, Biden dropped out and then You know maybe 30 minutes, an hour later, hey, and now he endorses Kamala. So I felt like they just, they own the news cycle by doing that. That's what I think now Ms. Rod. I can appreciate that. Now Ms. Rod, let's jump right into it. I know you don't got much time. Why do you think Biden finally decided to tap out?


Because You know Friday his team was like, he's not tapping out. He's gonna see this all the way through. What do you think was the change in factor? You know, I don't know if there was just one. I think that this has been a circumstance of several terrible events. The first was the debate, then they tried to clean up the debate with an interview, also a disaster. Then they tried to have conversations to get everybody to believe that everything was still going to be fine. Also a disaster. And when you have, I think one of the most important things there are not just voters in our democracy, the way this democracy is set up, it has to be largely funded. And so when donors start calling and saying, yo If, you step aside, you not catching no more checks, that's a different problem.


Right? And I think that's the thing that we have to understand. If donors stop writing checks in a contested election, that will be as close as this one or was gonna be as close as this one with Joe Biden and Donald Trump If, you can't fund it. You are in real big trouble. And the polls too, right? 'cause I mean there was like all of the polls showing that he can't win in the battleground states. 'cause they were saying that on Friday night or Saturday night, he sat down with some of his team and they showed him like, yo, there's no path to victory for you. Yeah, I think that polling is as good as when it's done and we are still over a hundred days away from the election. So even though I, I've definitely seen the polls. I think one, we joke about this on the podcast as You know Ard a lot on Native lamp po we always like, we are the unofficial pollsters because black folks never get polled.


Yeah. And so we had a bunch of people reach out to us and respond to a unofficial poll that we did all black folks. Because normally, have y'all ever been polled? I've never been polled. No. So that's the running joke. I don't really even put that much stock in poll this far away from the election. Well They did in 2020. It did show that he was up by 10 percentage points at this time in 2020. Biden was so, Yeah. But he's also on the other side of a really disastrous debate. So I think that time could heal all wounds. Something else could happen. You know there's been an October surprise generally every single election cycle. Hillary Clinton had won. His name was James Comey and he ruined that thing. Right? So I think that things could happen all the time. That changed out. Why you saying like, you sound like Tura girl for a second. He ruined that thing.


Listen. Well we're speaking to Angela's on the James calling For that. Hold. I got, I got one more question before we go to the calls. What, what do you think the messaging is to the people? Because there are a lot of people looking at this and saying, so damn it took the donors for you to drop out when 70% of all Americans said we didn't want a Biden Trump rematch to begin with. Like why did it take donors? Why you weren't listening to the people You know. I think it's a fair question and it's one that every single elected official, some everybody that's campaigning needs to take stock in. You have to understand that it's not just the big donors. Kamala raised over $40 million crazy yesterday with small donors. Crazy. Right? Right. So you have to think about the fact that we all have a voice.


Every single dollar counts. We, that means something. And so does every single vote. So they should be listening to what voters are saying. I think more than they listen to donors. The worst thing to me in my political experience is when a donor's like, they go like, okay, I'm gonna write you this check, but let me tell you what you need to do about messaging. Let me tell you what you need to do about Sur You know you need to get like why was your voice in your opinion better? Like your job and where you're strong is writing a check. It's not probably in political strategy. Now, two quick questions before we go to the phone lines. One, Kamala Harris, what needs to happen for her to action actually? 'cause right now she's not, she's not running right now. Right? Yeah, there Was a lot of people reporting yesterday. A lot of dumb ass outlets saying that Kamala was the Democratic nominee Already, but she's not as of yet.


So what needs to happen for her to be the nominee and who do you think she should pick as a running mate if she is the nominee? Yeah. So in order for her to secure the nomination, as you all know, the Democratic convention is just a couple weeks away. She will have to get all of those pledge delegates. The 50 state party chairs have all officially endorsed her yesterday. Labor unions, several elected officials, most of the Congressional black caucus. So she has a lot of folks lining up that would demonstrate that she can get that. The other thing that we were just talking about that's really important here is the dollars. She's demonstrated like less than 24 hours people were excited, right? Probably at a 12 hour period.


47 million. 46 point 46.7 million. Wow. Yes. Sorry. I said 47. I rounded up. It might be at 47 now. But the point is she's secured the dollars, she secured the support and now she has to secure the delegates officially in a convention process. A lot of the people who folks that were going to challenge her have now endorsed. So I think that makes it tough. I wanna know who else is on the bench. I don't know that she's gonna get another challenger. Maybe Joe Manchin. We don't fool with Joe Manchin like that. We know better Now. You did say everybody endorsed, but people are saying Barack Obama hasn't endorsed Barack Obama hasn't. Nancy Pelosi hasn't. Chuck Schumer hasn't. Hakeem Jeffries hasn't. But Barack Obama, of course is the, the biggest one that he just named. So Bill Clinton endorsed a lot of people endorsed, but people are surprised Barack hasn't endorsed Checkers.


Are Nancy and Chuck Schumer and Hakeem Jeffries? Yes. Especially being Hakeem is black. Yes. So is Barack Obama. Barack Obama is also black. I think half Stop it. He's black. But go ahead. God. Jesus Lenar. Not this morning. Okay. We still the one drop rule in 20 Kenrick Lamar told us, we don't want to hear Barack say, nigga. No, no, no, No, no. That was Drake. It's very different. Miss Ride. Don't, don't let him get you off. I About that Another time. Don't let him get you off. I About that another time. No light-skinned battling today. Thank you. Let's all stay together. So here we go. So I think initially I was, I'm still not that happy with Barack Obama because when he needed Kamala to campaign for him, she was right there. And I feel like he was trying to be in this role of like, let's let this process play out.


And it's like, no bru, she's on the ticket. If she's on the ticket, all of his pledge delegates now go to Kamala Harris. That's the same thing that happened in the contested convention in 1968 with Linda B. Johnson dropping out after RFK challenged him. And so the thing that happens is all of LBJs delegated, or no delegates go to or went to Hubert Humphreys, right? Still a contested convention. All of that. RFK, when he was assassinated, his delegates were split between the other two candidates. These things happen. And at the end of the day, Kamala said she's still playing ball. She said, I intend to secure and win the nomination.


That's what has to happen at the convention. I think the other folks in Democratic leadership, which by the way Nancy Pelosi is not anymore, but she likes to play that role, is demonstrating that they wanna see the process play out and that's how they think that leadership looks. I was told by someone pretty senior in leadership that they expect for Kamala Harris to secure all of the support within the next 48 to 72 hours. And I think you'll see those folks fall in line slightly beyond that. I, I, I agree. I don't want to hear nothing from You know former President Obama, them about You know a a process around an open primary 'cause y'all didn't care about primary as a year ago when people were calling for them against Biden. So don't start caring about primaries now.


Yeah, I I don't disagree with that at all. I actually, like I said, I was really frustrated with President Obama. We've talked about this before, but when I was the executive director of the Congressional Black Caucus, anytime we were on the other side of President Obama, it was a real frustrating moment because what Side? The white side. You Stop it. What? I'm sorry, what Side? What side of Obama? The white side. Leonard Bernard, I can't even concentrate with you on this nonsense. Lemme Tell you what I'm, What I'm telling you is we had a lot of issues with the Biden. I mean, was he the Obama administration? And it was really frustrating when folks didn't see that we were trying to represent the best interest of black folks. And when we clashed with that administration, folks dragged us.


We used to get hate mail death threats. You know for being on the other side of President Obama, but sometimes he's on the wrong side of history. And I. Think yesterday was one of 'em. I agree. Well, let's go to the phone lines. Angela is on the lines right now. She's answering all your questions. Political, whatever, whatever question you have, something you might not understand, she'll break it down for you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have Angela Ry on the line this morning. She's helping us out with breaking down everything. A lot went on over the weekend and of course Joe Biden tapped out and it's a lot to talk about. And we have Leroy on the line.


Leroy, good morning. Leroy. Leroy. I know Leroy Black. He black. Good day. Harry B What's up Leroy? What's your last name? Jackson or Johnson? Damn Washington. Oh My God, that's That's right. The third one. You, you, you were Close. Leroy, what's your question for Ms. Rye? My question, Angela is I know the delegated some people behind Ms. Ms. Harris. It just is the Republican, I mean, excuse me, the few Democrats that all left or they gonna support her because I, of course in 2008 they didn't give a a rocket a chance what they did, but they came reluctantly. So hopefully they'll be behind her. Straightforward out the bed.


The the, the first slow was going pretty well so far. So unless see that continue. So what's your question? What's Question bro? I guess where Democrats fall in line, is that your question? Pretty much the main Democrats? Yes. The Ones that Yeah. Would the main Democrats fall in line? You, you, you kind of answered that a little while ago, but would the main Democrats fall in line Angela, right. And Nancy Pelosi. Chuck Sch with Barack Obama. Those people, Yeah. I think these are the people that will be supportive. They're waiting to see if anybody throws their hat in the ring. Again. Most of the people who would be her biggest competitors endorsed yesterday, And I think that some of these other folks are very much controlled by the donor class and so they will be supportive if the donors are supportive.


And, I think that what we're starting to see is that they will be even the Wall Street folks on Wall Street Democrats are like, cool, we can roll with this one Now. Star is on the line. Star, good morning. Good morning. How are you this morning? Good. Hey Star, what's your question for Angela Rye? I have a question. Hi Angela. Good morning. Good morning. I have a question. Am I correct to assume that there is a democratic and a Republican nominee for of the 50 states? Huh? When you're saying a Republican and a Democratic nominee for each of the 50 states? As far as like, as far as like in Congress, like the Congressman, isn't it a Republican Congressman and a Democrat?


Like I live in Tennessee. Okay. And I Know that we're a red state, but we have a blue. But we have a democratic person here. Congressman here, right? Oh, are you in Memphis? Yes. Yes. So you do have a democratic representative. And how it works is members of Congress have about 700, a little over 700,000 people they represent in each state. And that's why you could have almost 50 districts in California can have five in a southern rural state because there aren't as many people. So that's how they apportion members of Congress who are on the house side.


And then there's another chamber, the Senate. And the Senate has a hundred senators. Right? So everyone doesn't have necessarily Democratic and Republican representation. It depends on the makeup of the voters in the state star. Are you a registered voter? I am. Okay. I'm, I have a, I was asking another question. Would it be smart if she decides to run, because I just woke up Y'all and y'all are our ahead. So I would it be smart for her person that she's running with to be a democratic person from a Republican state? Oh, I see.


That's a great question. Star, come on, you ready to be a political strategist this morning? Thank you. Star You. know that's definitely, I'm not, that's on the table. There's a governor by the name of Roy Cooper, North Carolina, who Kamala Harris served as a state attorney general with, and he's from North Carolina. There's another one named Andy Behe, who's a governor in Kentucky, also a red state he's being considered. And then there's a state that goes back and forth Arizona, like a lot of our states go back and forth. Mark Kelly, who's a city sitting senator and is the husband of Gabby Giffords, who was a member of Congress and all star. And she was shot in the face, well actually while I was still with the Congressional Black Caucus.


And she's been a major champion for gun violence. And given everything that's happened in this country, they think that Mark Kelly would be a good contender as well. Yeah, Those are the top.


So one things, what does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige and Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature. With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo, seeing our communities grow and thrive as something we care deeply about.


Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as in 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Sure. They been saying Kamala and a white person. Yeah, it's Gotta be a White man. I think that's where we are in this country right now. Those are the top names. And of course our governor Josh Shapiro. What, what do you think about the, the, the possibility of Gretchen Whitman? They been saying you think an all women ticket would be a smart move right now? Well, I can tell you what I would aspire to see. Sure. I think an all women ticket would be great. I think especially given all the battles of the on rep of reproductive justice that we're seeing on the line right now. I'd be surprised. I have heard they don't rock with each other like that. But let's see what happens. And then with Governor Shapiro, as you guys know, I got to sit in on the interview with you all with Governor Shapiro And I thought he was fantastic. I didn't really know him that well.


And of course Pennsylvania is always a state that is battleground one where they pour a lot of resources into. And so having Governor Shapiro on the state also who worked with Kamala as a state's attorney general would be, would be great. I think Mark Kelly will look good optics wise. 'cause he looks maga white You know The only thing about Mark Kelly, The only thing about Mark Kelly. What? Mark Kelly is kind of boring. And I think that we learned that lesson with Hillary Clinton and Tim Kane. Like did you even remember Tim Kane was on the ticket? I did not. Yeah, I forgot about Tim. I forgot all About Tim Ka. That's the thing. Do you want that again? I don't know if I want that. So Mark Kelly and also he's a senator, which is where Kamala just came outta.


I don't know, I think I would like to see a governor. Oh, we're we're still kicking it with Angela Rye. Hello? Re Yes. Hey. Good morning. Hi. Good morning. What's your question for Ms. Angela Rye? I just wanna say that I feel like it was a big mistake for everybody, including you start city coming out bashing Biden, calling Biden trash, telling him he step down all of these top Democrats coming out. Obama came out from what I heard, putting all this pressure on him to step down. We picked him to be the nominee. I felt like it was like Roland Mon had pointed out very self-destructive to the Democratic party.


I I, I totally disagree. That wasn't self-destructive. That was a bunch of people who had since who simply wanted to win. And you have to ask yourself if there's a threat to democracy like Donald Trump on the other side. Don't you wanna run the best possible candidate to give you the best possible chances of winning? People couldn't hear what she said, what she feels like. Everybody, including Charlemagne and and us up appear who added the pressure on Biden added, made him step down that she feels like it was completely inappropriate. No, that's, that was her feeling. People just wanted to win. It's really just that simple. Like, do you want to win Leonard? Yes ma'am. I didn't know your name was Angela. Was that question for me or you? It was for you Angela. Well, she called my name so I ain't gonna just let her just say, oh, she Did all Okay. I'm sorry Y'all. So what's your thoughts on that Ms.


Ra You know, I think I agree with Lennar. We did a podcast on this. And I kind of went off about it a little bit because I think it's really unfair to tell people that they don't see what they saw. Right. You know it. It was a huge problem to see his debate performance. It was a huge problem to see You know the Lester Holt interview after the fact. I think the best thing that happened on debate night was Kamala Harris defending their record after the debate. And so I just feel like you can't really tell people they're not seeing what they are. You know initially in 2020 he, he named the campaign the Battle for the Soul of America. We're in a political war. So you have to be all the way ready. And I think one of the other things that probably happened.


Sometimes it's just God like That's right. You end up getting covid like after all that it is looking like you're not strong enough to withstand the pressures that are coming at you. And that's unfortunate. Like we also don't wanna be ageist You know, but my dad is 82 and kicking. He don't look nothing like Joe Biden. Yeah. My Mine. Neither You know. Yeah, right. So I think that some of those things happen. The crazy thing is he got Covid on Tuesday and he's still at the house. Like I thought the new Covid rules was three days. He's still there and it's been about seven days. But my other question to you is, Had it been seven days? Damn. No, it's usually been three days. It's Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. He should have been out by now. It's three days now. That's the new Oh, I thought you said Biden was down for seven Days.


I think he got a, I think there were other things that kept him in the house, including this conversation with his family about whether or not he was gonna stay in the race. I think it is not just Covid and He probably staying in the house 'cause they shooting. Okay. They just shot last week. Oh, you mean the Trump State? I would've gotten low for a week too. I would've, I would've that I think that's a smart thing to do. A week after a you're a political opponent gets shot at. I would, I would keep the president away for a little while too. We ain't talk about this shooting, but I'm just gonna hold my piece Now. I I wanted to ask you right before we take some more calls, You know, do we blame this on his team? And the reason I say that is his team is with him 24 7. They prepped, they prepared for the debate.


They know what he is, they know how he speaks, they know how he talks. And if he wasn't fit and they knew that he couldn't be do a good job on that debate, why would they still put him up there to look like that? That is a great question. It's a million dollar question as far as I'm concerned. Every single one of them people should have been fired. I agree. Agree. Every single one of them. Like, how dare you do that? You need to, you need to know your candidate. And if you're not in a position to have the conversation with the candidate to be honest with the candidate, whether it's because you're afraid, whether it's because you think you need the ratings, whatever it is, like you need to be able to be honest with the principal If. you can't be. That's a whole other issue. And so I take issue with every single one of those folks who are in this alleged inner circle who've been advising him because it keeps them in power.


You gotta check your own power sometimes. And he, he was calling for the debate. And I'll tell you one thing, I I guarantee you one thing you will Take my day pal. He said, make my day. I I I guarantee you one thing that you will not see, but I guarantee you won't ever see Kamala Harris and Donald Trump debate. I guarantee you Donald Trump. What? I guarantee you Donald Trump will not take that stage with Kamala Harris. I wanna see this so badly. Donald Trump ain't going to do it. No, he not gonna do it. He not going to do it. Let Me ask you guys this. Do you guys think he was trying to call her bluff when he posted yesterday that he would debate her on Fox News? But, but he, but even, even still, she should go, how long have I been, how long have I been saying Kamala Harris should go on Fox News?


You trying to fight me? Listen to what I said. I said, do you think he was calling her bluff when he said he wanted to move the debate to Fox News? Probably because he, he, that's something that, that's something that she, he thinks she probably would never do. Yeah, but You know what I mean. So she's, I think she should do it too. By the way Trump debate Him. I not disagreeing with you. Trump is not gonna debate if Trump's team is smart. He, he, he don't want that smoke. That's what smoke he don't want. And and if, And, and, and if she doesn't debate him, 'cause I don't think that he will, she should still go on Fox News. Now is the time where she has to go on Fox News and talk to that side of America. Well let's take some more calls. I agree with that. We have Brock on line five. Brock, what's your question for Angela Rye? My question is, will we protect Kamala wholeheartedly and aggressively against the attacks from Trump and JD Vance?


Well, I think the question starts with you. Will you? Right. I know what I'm gonna do. I've been a black woman passed over for a promotion before. I'm protecting her first from the people that are inside the Democratic party. Well, I did donate to ActBlue for the first time. Huh? I'm supporting, I I I donated to ActBlue for the first time last night. Hey, I'm here for, I'm here for I love that. Well congratulations. North Jersey is here for you heard Charlamagne come through. I Hear you Brock. Thank you. I hear you. Thank you Brock. I think that's great. Number one on your first campaign donation. I hope that You know you, you will talk to the folks in our community who question her blackness, who questioned whether or not she's for the people.


And that you were able to stand on some of her own accomplishments from when she was a state attorney general from when she was a United States Senator And I believe that now that she is no longer number two on the ticket, we're gonna see a lot more, not just of her personality, but her desires for this country to come to fruition. So I think that that's awesome that you've already shown your support in that way. Keep doing it. 'cause there will be a lot of attacks. And I. Don't just think it'll be from the Republican side of The aisle. You just said something Angela, that I really hope to see You know is, is, is the, is the real Kamala Harris over the next four months, And I think like you said, I think now that she's at the top of the ticket, I think those handcuffs, those handcuffs are gonna be off. And if they not off, they need to be because the only person that's gonna win this election in November is the real Kamala Harris.


We Got Mike. Yeah, I think that's a thousand percent right. We got Mike on the line. Mike, what's your question for Angela Rye? Hey, how you doing? What's up Mike? Hey, listen, this, this is, this is the thing that I don't ever hear talked about. If we get wrapped up into politics, right, we pick a team because we always been on that team. Now we gotta use our head. Our health is on lives. God, first And I Health. I'm gonna give you a few notes. Well, I got businesses in Atlanta and I'm gonna give you some things you never heard before. One, when the fish die in the ocean, right?


Wash up on shore, the wells, the beach in they self. That's Covid. I work with the environmental scientists. They're not telling us this. They, the Democrats are, has been infiltrated. And, and, and so many, within these three and a half years, we have been told so many lies. Our health, our kids health is on the line. And we missing that. We came, they lied about it from the vaccine on, from the beginning. So I didn't vote for either side. And I normally would vote Democratic Democrats, but I couldn't do either one because Kam Biden wasn't telling us that Covid was really coming from the water.


Oh, so Covid. So you go, Oh my God. Covid. Hold On. So Covid, so covid came from the fish That, listen, they're poisoning the water and this is how it was getting to us. So when we was wearing masks, we was supposed to watch consumption. So we already, they watch it and they're sitting back watching the farms be destroyed. So we need to social distance from fish. So you mean no swimming for the rest of the summer? When you see those fish, when you see those fish, if If you don't, you might as well go on that beach and pick those fish up and eat it. How are you vegan? You take it, you listen, you take it vegan. Say again. Are You vegan? Sir? Are You vegan?


No. No. I'm, I'm on my way man. I stopped the fish. I stopped the beef because Bill Gates bought off all our beefs. That means, Oh Lord, there's a lot happening to Bill Gates about The beaches and The fish. So listen you sir, I put 'em on. Lemme tell you something, my bro. Damn, I really wanna know more about the fish. No manard. No you don't. So edge, what do you tell the people out there that's listening right now? It's cold In the car. Stop it. If. you don't want me to answer the fish Question? No, no I don't. No. I is covid in the white. No. So what do you tell people? I think that's history right now. Lemme tell, let me, let me say this. I'm gonna tell you this And I'm gonna start here. I'm not gonna answer the question directly and I'm gonna follow instructions. But I do wanna say just this one part about the fish. The water is being poisoned and it is from a lack of regulations on a lot of corporate entities.


And I think that one thing we'll know for sure is on the democratic side of the aisle with Kamala Harris. Climate change will be known as a real thing and there will be restrictions put on environmental killers so that hopefully the fish can survive. Now, moving right along, what I would tell people is to ensure they understand and study Kamala's real record. I think that this is an opportunity for not just the Democratic party, but the entire country to really hit reset. So really give her a fair opportunity. Look at what she's done, look at what she's promising to do, and then match that against what your own needs are for yourself. The the dream that you have for America, the country that you would like to reimagine.


And then really make a clear analysis on who you think will best help you reach those goals. It's sad that politically progress is often incremental. We get it in small bits. And so even with that, knowing that there may be incremental change that she may not be able to You know, make sure that America becomes the, the reality that we all know we desperately deserve a need, we may get a little bit closer. And so that's my plea to everyone to really try to give her a fair shot. I'm excited about her opportunity. I'm excited about who she picks as her running mate. And I can tell you I haven't felt this way since 2020, the 2020 election when she joined the ticket. I was never excited about Joe Biden.


I don't think that's a secret to anybody. And, and listen, I know this is a sexist country. And I know that You know it's a country built on patriarchy. But I do want women You know, especially You know black women You know to believe in themselves in this moment, the way that we believe in them. Because You know when I hear people say things like, oh, show never win, this country didn't vote for Hillary. Why would they vote for her? I think we gotta stop saying that. 'cause this country did vote for Hillary. She wasn't popular vote. 65 million people. The popular vote voted for Hillary and she beat Donald Trump in the popular vote by 2.9 million votes she lost because of the electoral college. And if we're being honest, she didn't campaign the way she should. She didn't hit Pennsylvania the way she probably should have. She didn't touch parts in Michigan the way she probably should have. I think it was Wyoming.


Wyoming or Wisconsin. It was three states that Wisconsin, Wisconsin, those three states really cost her the election. Yeah. And, and her campaign even admits they didn't touch those states the way that they should have. So there's a lot of things that went into play with her. Hillary not becoming President And. I don't think it was just because she was a woman. All right. Yeah, I hear that. I I wanna know who y'all think is gonna be the running mate. Mark Kelly. Man, he's MAGA White. I would like Sha Shapiro though. You know Shapiro You know for, for me, my personal take will be Shapiro. I'm gonna tell you another, another white man I like, I like Tim Ryan. I think Tim Ryan has been, Tim Ryan is not gonna be the roommate friend I know, but I'm just throwing the name out there because he's really been supporting Kamala. And he was one of the first people to jump out there and say, Joe Biden needs to step down and Kamala needed to be at the top of the ticket.


And He did, he did do that. And He's very battle tested against JD Vance as well in Ohio. Yeah. You know. I hear That. I hear that. So I like, I think that that might be be tough You know the, the everybody that runs on the ticket has to be vetted. They have to check for You know chemistry with the candidates. And I think that's another, another important piece. Mark Kelly. I like the politics of it. I just think that he might be a little too boring. Well, governor Shapiro, then let's go. All Right, well Angela Rye, we appreciate you for checking in and breaking all this stuff down for us this morning and it's Monday. And, and make sure you tune into the Native Land Podcast. Subscribe to the Native Land Podcast on the Reason Choice Media iHeartRadio Podcast Network with Angela Rye, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross.


Alright, Thank You. Yes indeed. I appreciate y'all Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast, Club


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


Hey, there it is, Ryan Seacrest with you. Do you wanna make this summer unforgettable? Join me at Chumba Casino. It's this summer's hottest online destination. They're rolling out the red carpet with an amazing welcome offer just for you. So don't wait. Dive in now and play hundreds of social casino games for free. Your chance to redeem real prizes is just a spin away here to join me. Sponsored By Chu Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.