
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Audi Y'all. This weekend get an all access has passed to Apple TV plus no time Like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. App D required


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You know you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback. Purdue Global. Purdue Online University for working adults. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


ABC Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy. Shifting gears. Dad, I am broke And I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So a couple Of days when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversation. The wheels come off. Can we try to talk to each other like rational adults? Have you watched the news lately? That's not a thing anymore. Series premiere Wednesday, eight seven Central on a b, c and Stream on Hulu.


Good morning usa. Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It's Friday. And these are all people that have podcasts on the Black Effect Network. Now see, Now you're talking I I, I know a little something about the Black Effect Podcast Network. I figured you did like Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes. That's right. You could check their podcast. I'll call all the Smoke. Make sure you subscribe to that. And also make sure you pick up their coffee table book called All The Smoke, all the Stars, all the stories. No apologies. It's available right now wherever you buy books. We release that on my book In Print. Black Privilege Publishing through Simon and Schuster. That's right. And also John Hope Bryant and Alex Rodriguez.


Come on Man. You talking about John O. Bryant Man. The Money and Wealth podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. You want to get more financially, financially literate, subscribe to that. That's right. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. It's The Breakfast Club on this Friday. It's A new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning. My name's Katrina. Hey Katrina. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Hi. I just go to talk about how I took my car about a week ago to get fixed on a Saturday. They gave me back the car in work condition that I took my car to them.


Nothing's coming on on the dash. It doesn't even run. And I just wanted to talk about loyalty and how it's good to keep customers and they, they told me they was gonna refund me and then they just cut off, off communication from me. So I just wanted to get that off my chest. That it's good to be loyal to your customers and keep a good rep for your, you know, for yourself and your company. Absolutely. Joint. Say your company name. Exactly. Yeah. What's the name of it? What? It's a small, it's, I live in a small town in Kansas And I had known this guy for like, since I was a teenager. I'm 42 years old right now and I've been taking my car to this guy. He passed away a couple years ago and his daughter took over the business and she's not the same as him because he was a good person that was trustworthy.


And I guess obviously she's not the same as him. So she's a mechanic. I guess so, because she came to my house Monday to supposedly fix it or try to fix it again 'cause it's a timing valve solenoid or something. And it still didn't work. So she said she was gonna come tomorrow and then she didn't Emini here yesterday and then she didn't answer me at all yesterday. Mm Dang. Well you try again today 'cause you just never know. Yeah, she could have been in an accident. She could had a family emergency. It could be anything. Give her another day before you start wilding out. Yeah, no, I think my patience has wore enough And I, in order to keep my peace, I just wanna let it go. Okay. Alright Stu, boy. Well have a good one.


Well, thank you. Y'all have a great day. You Too. Peace. I'm stud mechanics. It's crazy. You stupid. I I trust the stud mechanic now. That's Part You trust what? Yes. Hell yeah. Because they just look like they know how to fix the car. Alright. Until, until you got that situation that that lady Got, she probably don't even, she if I'll trust a stud mechanic, I ain't gonna front stud mechanic. I'll be like, man, please head, take that Richard. And I know you know to do with a screwdriver. Shut up man. Yo. Hello. It's this good Morning Breakfast Club. Good morning. What's up? What's up brother? What's your name? Casey out of Ohio. I wanted to get off my chest. I wanted to set you straight on your narrative about the Drake storing Kendrick Lamar.


The only reason Drake is storing and he ain't even sawing Kendrick, he's sewing the label because prior to the beef, where a lot of people don't know is he was in negotiation with the label because his numbers was up and they came to the table. He liked like what you do. Hey, hey, hey, shut up man. You learned that off TikTok and YouTube. Drake did a deal. No, actually I follow entertainment news. Okay. I actually followed celebrity and entertainment news. Well, lemme ask you a question. He only doing them because they used the numbers and the metrics to lower the deal that they was offering for his new contract. That's not true. That's it. That's not true. But let me ask you a question. When, when did, when is the last time Drake did his deal? Since you follow entertainment news, when's the last time he reup? When Drake Tiger, his last deal, he reup his deal in 2019 when him and him and Wayne renegotiated after the little de Nope, it was 2022 he $400 million.


Nope. 400 million. Yes. With UG. Yes. Yes. 2022. Look it up Mr. I do my research. Mr. I know what I'm talking about because I follow entertainment news, I do follow entertainment news And I can miss some point sometimes. But for the majority of it, the narrative to control the narrative of the story, the lawsuit is not about him screwing him over the song. He's throwing the label over him, edging the metrics to make it look better for us. They are Benefiting. Here's the thing, man. Nobody has benefited from that system doing that more than Drake. Okay? Like that's just a fact. So, so here's the thing. What you know, you know how they say men lie, women lie numbers don't.


Drake is telling you that numbers lie because he's telling you that this is what these systems do. You think that system has never done that for him? You think two C slide was really a number one record Sir Slide. You know what I'm saying? Like really? You really think that Sir? Hey, I'm gonna give you your credit on that one. That's one of those songs I, he could have kept in the book. Yeah, bye man. But when you got, when you got a system behind you that can inflate numbers, they can make things number one. And they did that with Toothy slot. But I they didn't have to do that with not like us. I can tell you that much. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, this is Adrina. Hey Adina. Morning Adina. Get it off your chest, mama. I'm a little nervous but I really want people to reach out to your friends and family, check on 'em to make sure that they're okay. It's been almost eight months since I lost my soulmate to suicide. And when he committed suicide, we was on a break, but we were still very much in communication with each other. But I knew something was wrong and my gut told me to go check, but my head said, no, don't do it.


And had I listened to my gut, I would've known something was wrong and could've been able to help also with women and their children. When you have a man that wants to be in the lives of their kids, you shouldn't use the child as a porn to get back because no one ever, never ever thought that he would commit suicide because of what was happening with his children. So I just want people to just be aware of those things. Absolutely. Yes ma'am. Well definitely sending you healing energy Queen. Yes. Thank you. Absolutely. Alright mama. I have a blessed day.


You guys do the same. Jesus. Very heavy this morning. Crack a joke or something, Jess Lord Mercy. So Ain't damn careful you got some Money. Hello? Who's this? Hello? This is Blind Tommy. What's up blind Tommy? Blind Tommy, get it off your Chest. How y'all doing man? Dang good. I'm mad because I'm, because I'm a blind broke comedian. Are you? So, so you gotta pick one now, which one you mad about? Being blind being broke or being a community All three. Well, you should learn to see the bright side damnit. And how you Know you, how you know people not just stealing your money. I ain't got nobody to steal. Damn. I think, I think you might be looking at this wrong. Were you born blind looking at It? You don't look at it when I was blind five years ago.


Oh, okay. Okay. So, Oh, you a newly blind. You don't Count. Damn. How'd you get blind sir? So fun. Got in my system and they attacked my optic nerves. Damn. Sorry to hear that brother. Mm. Have you, have you learned any new skills? Have anything, has anything else strengthened A little bit, but not that too much. Got you, got you. Well, how can we help you this morning, brother? What can we do for you? Whatever. We'll see what we can do. Whatever it is. But damn, You know how people ask y for books man? Can I get a book deal man? Can I work for you? You want a book deal? Yeah, I'm, I'm be honest with you, I'm interested in the story. I can't sit there and act like I wouldn't want to hear more of the story. What if he talking about braille books?


Well, he want write. No, I'm talking about He wants to write the book. I hate hate this place this morning. I hate This place. Hey, get, get my guys' information. I'm interested in hearing the story. I wanna see if there's, it might be a story there. You never know. Yeah, All Hold on Tom, you okay? Don't Rack. Hold on Tommy, get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the Rosa. Filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. That's right. Thank And gentlemen, she's back. Ms. Teslin Firo, welcome back. Hello. Hello. Hello. Feeling what's happen?


Tes what? Char, Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Lauren. How you feeling this morning? I'm feeling good. I am. I'm really feeling good. It's good to be back, back with family. Chop it up with y'all. Drop some dimes. Name some names. Okay. Yeah. Here to get rid of. Well we dropping dimes on T, We dropping dimes on everybody from top to bottom. Well let's start right on with the presidential Presidential election. Why did VP Harris Lose? Oh man, I should have brought my whiteboard. That many. Yeah, that many reasons. It's that many. Yeah. And and the reason why this is important, And I literally have my stuff in order because a lot of people envy said, you know, she lost because of this reason. She lost because of that. And it's really in the Midwest, a tornado requires water, humidity when you know multiple things.


It's not one reason. Yeah, it's not one reason. Yeah. And when I hear people saying, you know, oh, if he just did better with the messaging, oh, if they did better with the media, I've really kind of put together a list of flowchart on how basically a colossal up from top to bottom. So you're doing an Autopsy? Yeah, we're doing an autopsy. We doing a full autopsy. So if we just really take it from the top, as we all said, Joe Biden should have never ran. We have to first, you know, start there. Shouldn't have never ran. He said he was a one time was gonna be a one time president. We talked about it multiple times. He actually volunteered that lie to say, Hey, I'm only gonna run one term. I'm coming in just to stop Trump. Immediately then they should have started building a base immediately right out the gate. Trump was still campaigning this entire time.


We talked about it. We talked about how it was constant rallies, constant organizing. You And I talked about it on the Van Jones show. We're saying you guys really have to continue the organizing year round. And that's why I blame a lot of the people at the top who have the ear of the, you know, of the candidates and campaign consultants because they've been told this multiple, multiple times. So we should have found a white man right then and there who was gonna be next in line to build a beach. A white man, A white man, young white man. Absolutely young white man right then and there. And it's not Governor Newsom by the way. A lot of people keep saying that Governor Newso would get swamped. So from the door, you didn't think Kamala was gonna win. No. Right out the gate, no, no, no. Course she's a black woman or Yeah, absolutely. So that, that's number three. So let's first get that. So they should established a bitch and didn't do that. Governor Newsom, I just wanna put that out there.


A lot of people like him. Great debater. He would've got swamped. You have to remember he literally passed the bill K through 12 to have shared bathrooms with gender. So imagine what concerns would've deal with that all over the nation. The homelessness and all of that. So then yes, number three, America was not going to vote for a woman of color. Period. In no, in the history of black woman and white women. Allyship, alleged allyship. I have never known a white woman to give a job to a woman of color before they got it. That includes even McDonald's on fries. Just not gonna happen. Have you ever, ever a white woman ever said, you know what? I think you're more qualified, you can go ahead and take it. They didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. They were not gonna give it to her. I know there was hope. I know you talked about, you know, believing in us.


But it was never about us believing in us. It was about us knowing them. It's not about being qualified. This was when it came down to saying they didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. Why would they give it to Harris? So that was to me an era right out the gate. But we had no choice because Biden, yeah, I Think, I think Kamala as a black woman is the only read, well first of all two things, the last two elections, the Democratic party need to be thanking black women. Right? Because if it wasn't for Jim Clyburn telling Joe Biden, Hey I'm not endorsing you unless you promise that you're gonna put a black woman on the Supreme Court, I'm not endorsing you. So that's what made him endorse Joe Biden. He win South Carolina and change the complexion of his campaign. If it wasn't for Kamala Harris in 2020, I think a lot of us wouldn't have went out there and voted for President Biden.


I didn't vote for President Biden, I voted for Vice President Kamala Harris. I also think in 2024, when you look at the fact that Joe Biden's presidency was dead, like completely dead in the water and Kamala Harris came the top of the ticket, raised all of this money ended up having the second most votes of any Democratic nominee ever with 74 million votes. I think that only happens because she's a black woman. Well, two things can be true at the same time. There can be some positives that came with that. But there also can be some negatives where we look at the data. We don't have to guess. We looked at where white women aligned. We looked at where the Latino community aligned. We looked at the bottom line data that shows Latino Women, Latino men was That was a surprise though. Yeah. Why was it a surprise? You don't think so? No, no. Absolutely. The Democrat Latinos have always, they did that before 50 50.


They've always, when you look at, when you know I organized for the Bernie Sanders campaign in Michigan. I was the only black woman on the ground in 2015 that helped flip that state. Latino community has always been divided. When you look at Florida and you look at the Cuban community, they've always went conservative. When you look at the, the Bernie Sanders, the left side, the California, they always go left. They have always strategic. And I, I ain't mad about it. They've always strategically been able to have leverage because they go 50 50. You remember when Joe Biden told black leaders when he won it right after? Yeah. Right after he said, I owe you black people remember when they had the meeting and they leaked the tapes in front of the, the Al Sharpton and all them and say, y'all need to go follow the Latino community. 'cause they're the ones that have the leverage. So I'm not mad at it, but we need to talk about it for what it is. There might be a black and brown coalition in New York, you know I've talked about that all the time.


But when you talk about the, that changed too. They're moving over. When you talk about the south, when you talk about the Midwest, and particularly when you talk about the West, there is no black brown coalition. And it's okay for people to vote their interests. I also got news for you, black men are conservative doing my Joe Biden whisper. That's right. Black people are conservative. I don't know why people wanna keep, you know, making that not an issue. So when you're talking about black men and you're talking about other black, black people with the majority of the country in the south, majority are moderate. I know progressives wanna sell a different story, but black people for the most part are moderate. And a lot of them lean conservative. We're gonna get into that when we get into the messaging. But let's just kind of go back a little bit. I I agree that there was some positives to it. But when it came down to it, when we looked at race white women to me, just like they did in the midterm, just like they did when they were with Obama, then they went with Trump and then they went back to Democrats in the midterms and then they flipped back.


When you're talking about white supremacy and talking about positioning, like what they did with the women's suffrage movement, I just didn't see them doing it for a black woman over them. They didn't do it with Hillary Clinton. The only person that ever beat Donald Donald Trump is Joe Biden. And I agree He was dead. But, but, but 55% of white women voted for Trump over Biden. Right. To align with white supremacy to align, because this is about white supremacy. This is about would they rather have their household ahead of you as as a, as a black man or they vote with their husbands? That's exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah. And nothing's wrong. And people need to stop these pundits get 'em another, they went against their own interest. No, their interest is their household. Your interest is your interest. My interest is my interest. When I keep hearing people say that they went against their own interest. No, they actually aligned with their interests, which is white man, white woman, black man, black woman.


That's the order. That's how it is. Black people are a side check bottom line. We need to just accept that. I know we wanna say black girl magic know. We wanna say, oh 'cause black this and that. Black women can't save this country. We need to stop selling that dream. Let's get in position and understand what we can do. Which is why I was talking about the local and state level and stop trying to sell this timeshare scam. 'cause to me it was a timeshare scam. I agree with you that there was really no other choice. 'cause Joe Biden was trash. We get that. He was trash. So once they said, okay, let's rally around Harris. Now she's a Democrat nominee. Okay, so cool. We with that, black women raised $30 million after the gate. Black men raised 30 million outta the gate. So now we're having to deal with who dropped this bag? Who dropped this billion dollar bag. And that, that's the issue where we get into how they spent the money. I didn't think she had a chance in hell.


But once you decided to move forward, okay, so what do we do with the money? Black voters, they lost black voters across the board. That one, 2% across the board makes a difference. When you're talking about Michigan. It makes a difference in North Carolina. So that's where we get into your concern when you talk about messaging, where the messaging was all wrong. All Right, we got more with Tesla and Figueroa when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Tezlyn. Figaro, Lauren. So what you think about Trump's cabinet? Like his, his choices for his cabinet right now? 'cause Emini here, these are the people that are be gonna have to be, Yeah, I don't think nothing. I think Republicans ran, Democrats ran is gonna be a dictator.


Guess what? They want a dictator. We've been saying this forever. We've been talking about this, this day of bipartisanship and let's just get it through Congress. We said Charlemagne, you know, I said it a million times, like with the George Floyd act reducing college debt, do an executive order. Everybody said you can't do executive order. Gotta go through Congress. Republicans are gonna change it back. If you get in, they gonna change it back. Guess what? Republicans don't give a damn about changing it back. They change back Ro verse. What about change back a whole bunch of shit, Obamacare and everything else. Democrats refuse to work as a dictator. They want a dictator. Everybody's saying, oh man, he gonna be a dictator. Right? That's why they want it. Oh yes, he's gonna take migrants out. Yes. That's what they wanted. People need to stop saying that online. It's driving me crazy. Oh, Latinos. Oh man. Oh man, y'all about to see, they want the immigrant people who are legal, who coming over this country.


Legal. They are literally telling you, yes, we we do, we don't support illegal immigration. So people that thinking they saying something on social media, oh, y'all gonna see no, they want a dictator. We Democrats ran on democracy. They ran on dictator y. I'm gonna be a dictator day one. That's exactly what they want. A dictator. Somebody's gonna push the line. Somebody ain't gonna get damn bad. What Congress is talking about? Somebody to say, I don't, I don't care what the rules are, I'm gonna do what I wanna do. They want a gangster period. Yeah, I, I agree with that. I wouldn't say a dictator, but they want somebody that don't give a fuck. Well, he said he was gonna be a dictator on day one. He said that on day one. But he, but I think what they, what people mean when they say they just want somebody that's gonna say, you know what, as long as things are getting done for the people, I don't care how it gets done. Like John Stewart did a great monologue and he was just like, Democrats always follow the norms.


And Republicans don't follow the norms. They gonna find those loopholes to break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Outta Y'all. This weekend, get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself. It looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. App de required


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms Inc.


Inside you two. Wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other. Courage, wisdom and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good Wolf. This podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The the The Which is kinda like dictatorship though. No, I wouldn't call it dictatorship. I call it dictatorship. He said he gonna do what he wanna do. That's damn what y'all talking. He ain't gonna play the Pol political game. He ain't gonna pay the So Emini here that's saying I'm gonna do this. And if you don't do it, it's gonna be hell to pay. If you don't do it, you know I'm gonna make sure you don't win. If you don't do it, I'm gonna call you out. We talked about this with Joe Manchin. They let, they set up. Now Joe Manchin seed this to a Republican. We've been talking about this. This has been going on for the last 15 years. This loss was not just what happened in the last 100 days. This has been, at least from my experience, 2007. I can name year over year over year on what? On what happened. On how we got. And then another thing I wanna bring up on this messaging. Abortion Democrats ran on reproductive rights and democracy fell right out the gate.


You had states like Arizona and Nevada that had abortion on the ballot. So Democrats mindset is, let's put abortion on the ballot and that's gonna bring, you know, people so people know get out to vote. GOTV. That's how you get out to vote. Oh, they're gonna go to the polls now that abortion's on the ballot. Well, what you did meet Baldhead, you actually allowed Republican women who were pro-choice to actually vote for abortion and still vote for Trump. There's no rule that says if you support pro-choice that you won't vote for Trump. So Republican women in Nevada and and Arizona literally had the opportunity to bring abortion back and still vote for Trump. So Democrats shocked themselves even in the foot if you were expecting women to go vote for reproductive rights because you gave them an out.


So the messaging was wrong out the gate. We talked about that. Not running on the economy, not running. But I still think though envy, even if she would've ran on all those things they still was gonna vote for, they still would've rather voted for Joe Biden have dead weekend at Bernie's. You know, to I don't think so. Dan. I don. They didn't even win Scranton. They didn't even win Scranton. Joe would at least won Scranton. He won Scranton. Yeah. He would've least Won Scranton. Harris lost Scranton. I I don Was They, I think Joe would've got like 65 million votes. Okay, so if, if what you're saying is true, what was all, 'cause I felt how you, how you feel now is how I felt in the beginning. And then when I saw the excitement and the money move and all of that. You guys, we got kids. Yeah. What was all of that then? Why was That there? Joe wasn't gonna win. Just Didn't, wasn't. But I didn't think it was gonna win.


Was gonna But he shoulda had the Joe wouldn't got close when you got the saying, we not giving you no more money, Joe. Well We didn't have no choice. That's right. Yeah, that's right. So let's be clear. They did not have a choice 'cause George and said it was bad. Yeah, they said they didn't have no choice. So two things be true at the same time. They had to put Harriss in no doubt about that. I'm not disagreeing with that. But I still don't think they would've voted her. They just wouldn't. They're just not going to give something that they didn't give first. Did she do the best that she could? Yes. Did she do everything they told her to do? Yes. Did she have 100 days to do it? Yes. This is not about ing on her. This is about setting up a woman to fail in a hundred days to do the damn near impossible. Right? I think Joe Biden should have took that l He's the one that said, you know, he was gonna run. He's the one that set up there the entire time. Let him take the L.


So Can she run again? Would you Advise her to run again? Do you think she should run again? You think it's wrapped up? Because it's, again, we gotta stop with, I don't know what this obsession we got with federal. Let him have it. Let's talk about especially Republicans now saying give it to the state. If you really wanna make real change in your community. I know it's not as sexy, I know it's not as exciting, but it really is at the state level. It really is at the local level. If you believe in, you wanna fund the public schools, you can do it at local level. You say, you know what, I want charter schools. I wanna be able to educate our own. You can do that at the local level. Why are we so infatuated with this White House? I don't, I don't, I don't get it. Why not be an Atlanta council with 16 other people in Orlando with six other people to be able to say, I'm gonna write a check to the Black Business Investment Fund. You know, to be able to say, Hey, here's some money to go start a business.


You can pass reparations at the local level. So I don, I don't understand this obsession that we have with this federal thing. And I'm gonna be honest with you, Lauren, black women, a lot of times we get caught up and it's wanting to be validated so damn bad. So when the excitement was there, when everybody's like, oh man, we can do this. We can do this black girl man, we can do this, we can do this. We do that. This validation of needing to be affirmed, needing to say you are qualified enough, you are good enough. A lot of that played into it. A lot of that played into it. But let's not forget 3000 black women did a petition and said, Joe Biden, keep your ass in. They ignored that and went with the money to Charlemagne's point, they didn't have a choice. I agree with you especially about the state thing. You know, there's something else Trump said that man landed And I was, I'm still trying to figure out how did he land this?


'cause it's so hard to get people to focus on this, the abortion thing, right? He told them I wanted to be in the hands of the state. So whenever you would have conversations with people about, you know, abortions on the ballot, they'd be like, no, Trump just wants it to be in the hands of the state. I've never seen a politician convince people on a national level it's gonna be local. And that's fine and they buy into it. Well, Trump can get anybody to buy anything. He say Emini here he is a total, he man Democrats have never been equipped to run against Trump. Let's just name it. You know, let's Just say they've never been equipped to run against him. He's too petty. He goes too low. He don't give a damn what y'all talking about. He's an entertainer first. He's an entertainer first. Yeah. And so they've never been equipped to go against this man. Never. But to your point, Charlamagne, for those that understand the state's rights, and when you go back to Reagan, reason why black people are against that is because what it does is it disenfranchise us even more.


So if you're saying, okay, in Oklahoma you can't get access to healthcare, but you can get access to healthcare in California, very liberal. These are folks that can't just pick up, you know, and go to California to get what they need. Don't have the money. So it affects poor people in a, in a very bad way, the state's rights. But conservatives, they like states, give it to the states, their mindset. If you don't like it, move somewhere else. But none of us have, not enough of us have the resources to just move, you know, to somewhere else. To just move where things you know may be favorable to you. So as black voters we're always trying to carry the least of these and everybody else and think about everybody else. But for, but the reality is charlamagne, people are only looking out what's in front of their doorstep. Remember when governors us DeSantis reduced the gas when they was talking about you can't do nothing about the gas, when gas was so high.


He said, oh no, I can do something about it. This is why I talk about state. So when people remember that even though there's more liberal, more democrat voters in Florida, people remember what affected their pocket. And that Republican governor made a difference. Kemp and Georgia made a difference, was passing out Kemp cards. He did the same thing Trump did when he signed his name. He gave them Kemp cards. People remember that. So even if they don't like Republicans, even if they don't like Trump, when you looking at how that affects your money daily, it makes a difference. And that's where they lost as far as really trying to understand, you know, the economic conversations. Especially with black people. That's right. Thank you guys. We appreciate you for joining us. Thank You for letting me go through my list. That's all good. It says Figaro, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Made it.


If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you just joining us, this was trending yesterday. It was a post that said the new generation of women don't ever cook breakfast. 'cause they don't wake up until three. That's where this conversation is coming from. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And we're asking why do a lot of women don't like to cook? That's crazy. Waking up at three is a crime. That's right. You on drugs, You ain't brush your teeth and it's three o on drugs. You definitely, if you sleeping until three o'clock in the afternoon, you was all you on dope. But When I was doing drugs, I don't care.


I was still waking up at like 11, not three o'clock. You know. 'cause sometimes drugs do make your little tie. Depends what kind of drug though. Now you, you we weed ain't no drugs, Jess. Okay. Alright. I'm talking about drugs. Like dope Hard drugs. Yes. Oh, okay. Okay, okay. I feel you. I ain't, I don't know what that's like. So we're asking 805 85 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? What, what do you think about that? I think it's crazy. I I do ag I do agree that a lot more women feel that way. Emini here. They, they have taken the approach like, okay, I don't have to cook. I'm so caught up in my career and work and everything. And I don't want a man to get in the wrong mindset about me. Like I'm not a homemaker. I'm, but baby, you literally can cook.


How would you cook if you, how would you eat if you didn't have a man? You know, would you just go out every night? You know? 'cause I, I started off with me cooking for myself and then I had a child cook for him. I don't care. Every man that I've had, I've cooked for it is, it's, it's something that I like to do. Cooking is very therapeutic and then it's the way that I take care of myself. It's like a survival thing. I seen my mother do it, I'm gonna do it. Mm. I don't understand why it's like that. Yeah. I don't know any women who don't cook. Yeah. Like all the women that are in my life cook are some of those women over 40. Yeah. You know, but I know them in their thirties too and they enjoy cooking. Yeah. So I don't know who these women are they speak of. And Then food is made with love envy. Absolutely. Like is made with love.


So you can appreciate a home cooked meal made by a woman. You know what I'm saying? More than you can at a and an end at a restaurant inn. You know? So I wanna say this, you know, Charlemagne always jokes that we were born in the 19 hundreds when me and my wife first started, you know, dating. And we, when we first got married, we can only order out two things. You can only get pizza and Chinese food. Those are the only two things that would deliver. So we had to cook. She cooked every night. That was the thing. Jesus. Poor New York. Yeah, the same. My wife always cooked too. Emini here. My wife's dad, you know, one of his side hustles, he's a caterer. So she always knew how to cook. Right. She was always, you know, in the kitchen. That's her thing. We've been together 26 years. I usually do breakfast, not Cooked. Yeah.


I usually do the breakfast. My wife does the dinner. That's, that's how it's always been. Also That, that's what Chris does. He cooks breakfast because I think that's probably the only thing he can cook. And, and he, but he takes that on all the time. He'll make breakfast, I'll make lunch, I make dinner. That's why I love to see like Ari Fletcher Moneybag your yo's girlfriend. Yep. She cook. Well wife, she cooks. I love to see young girls cook. Like when they get it in in the kitchen, I'm like, okay girl. Yes. Because you can still be fly business woman, you know, and still cook meals and it looks good. You think it's a regional thing? You think like, you know more women that's like down south towards the southern regions. That's what, that's what, that's what they do. I think so. Yeah. I don't know. I think so. Yeah. And I think so I think a lot of the reason why is one, I think the food tastes better in the south.


And I think up here there's so many options. There's like, yeah, no live bodega and, and in fast food spots on every corner. There's so much food around here where you can just get all over New York. Like, so you can never, ever be hungry in New York. Yeah. But it ain't great. Yeah, No, It's cool. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It ain't great food. I got You. Well, we got Jasmine on the line. Jasmine, good morning. Hello. Hey Jasmine, what's your thoughts? Yeah, so my, I feel like there's too much being put like put on women these days. Back then women stay home with their kids. Like now times have changed. Like we're working, we have businesses. We're also taking care of the household. Like, we're just doing a lot more. I feel like as long as we're making dinner, like I make dinner, it's like, as long as I make dinner, that's fine. I don't wanna hear no complaints about breakfast.


Look, I get it. I get it. Thank you Jasmine. Say that though. I Don wanna hear no complaints about breakfast. Angie on the line. Angie. Good morning. Hey, Good morning. What up though? Hey, what up doing Detroit? What's your thoughts? Yeah, yeah. Detroit. The Houston all day. So my thoughts on this topic. So I'm a mom and I'm a wife And I also work, I an enjoy cooking. I just think that now in the current state and the current economic situation, moms is working 40 hours a week. So even if we do like to cook, And I can speak to my own ex, like I'm, I'm at work right now. I'm here at seven. I get off at six and then the expectation be to cook dinner every single day. Ooh, that's a lot.


That's a lot. And sometimes men don't really understand that. My husband does because he, we switch it up. But to go to work all day long and then come home and then cook and then go grocery shopping. It's exhausting. So I think you making, I think you making a lot of sense. See, but but, but I don't know because I don't know about your mom. My mom used to cook every night. My mom worked. Yeah. Nine to five. She be home, getting it ready by 6 30, 7 o'clock. Yeah. Every night. And it was like no choice. No choice. Like my mother used to do it. She used to get what she, So my mother did too. My mother did too. 'cause my dad works afternoons. And to this day I call my mom And I say, I don't know how she did it. And I'm very thankful that was a different burrito person. But also my mom didn't have to work. It wasn't required for her to have to bring in money.


Nowadays it's a lot of 50 50 men that want you to bring in half. Nah, my mama. You have no Hell yeah. My mama work. My mom worked. Your mama, my mom work. And your father. Nah, my mom worked. Not only that, if I go to my mom house right now, yeah. I don't care what my mom's doing. She will stop and cook. That's exactly, if I, if I say mom, I'm hungry, she gonna stop and cook me a meal. You know, We should ask our parents And I bet you's a question you never asked. What's that? If you have a mom who worked 40 hours a week and came home and kept food on the table, where, what areas did she have to sacrifice in? Because there had to be some, yeah, there had to be some areas she had to sacrifice in in, in the relationship between her and your dad. Right. In order to be able to do that, there had to be something. Well, you know, my mama, I don't know about yours, but my mama had no life.


Like, there was no outside life. Like she didn't go out with her friends. She always was home with us. You really don't know how to speak. My mom ain't had no life. What? Outside of our family sitting over here. Like my NI know Robin is probably like, excuse me, but for real, I didn't go out. She didn't hang out with her friends. No. Outside life she didn't. It was always about her family. And those are questions that I think that we should all ask our parents because a lot of us don't know our parents before they were our parents. And you don't know the sacrifices they probably made to be your parent, to be somebody's wife, to be somebody's husband. We don't ever have those conversations with our parents. I think we should. That's right. Give, it'll give you a better understanding of what they went through and what we're currently going through now.


That's right. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests joining us back in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brother John Hol Bryant. He's back. Welcome Brock. Honored to be here. And also Arod. Alex Rodriguez. Welcome. Great to be here. A lot, lot of money, Lot of intelligence between y'all two. How did this happen? This Connection? Well, whatever you try to make smart, sexy, You know, it, it attracts, you know, like, like attracts like, you know, on mindset. You know, this is, all of us are up from nothing. By the way.


All of this story is the same thing. That you can go from the bottom to the top legally, ethically, honestly. Pay your taxes. Do your stuff go from from cashing the check to writing the check. So Alex's story and mine are very similar. Like we had very strong mothers who were great influences. Our lives we're both extremely nosy. Quincy Jones, how'd you get so smart? I'm just nosy as hell. I wanna know everything about everything. And when he got his first check in baseball, he went and asked magic like how, okay, how do I turn this from a check to said wealth? And so he started talking to the folks on the, the front row at the games were business people and he would trade his influence for lunch. Mm. I'll go to lunch with you. I just need to ask you a bunch of questions. That's what Matthew used to do.


And it was just brilliant because he gained a business acumen from that got a basically NBA while he's playing baseball. Used that to then buy some real estate and then buy some more. I think you worked the first piece of real estate yourself, didn't you? Yeah, a duplex. Duplex for 250,000. So we did a financial literacy episode on Money and Wealth, which, you know, something about it. It's on the Black Effect network. That's Right. Make sure you subscribe To that. Yeah. It's actually episode's out this week. We did this episode together on financial literacy. 'cause we both leave. It's a civil rights issue of this generation when you know better, you do better. And we're talking about black and brown wealth. How do you, how do you, how does black and brown create some green at scale? It's a conversation that many folks don't have. Most athletes go broke. 70%.


Wow. Of all NBA and NFL players bankrupt within five years of retirement. Mm. And divorce. So this brother just defying all the odds. He's cool. He's a, he's a humble dude. He wanted to meet you guys. He'd been up here Before. Hey Rob been up here before. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But he, he wanted to get into it. He wanted to, he wanted I love the show. Yeah. He wanted to get into it. Go to another level. And so it's a, it's a, it's a beautiful family. Re re reunion. Well, let's, Let's jump right into it. So, you know, what gave you the mindset to say, I want to learn more about investing and making sure that I have wealth after retirement. Was it the fact that you've seen so many athletes go broke? Was it the fact that you said, I'm never going back to where I was or what was it that said I want to be different from 70% of those other athletes? I, I would say I saw my mother work at General Motors for about 12 years.


She would have the early shift at three o'clock in the morning to two come home nap for two hours and then go serve tables at nights at midnight. And I saw this for years and years and years. And I think my life changed one day we're at Publix, which is a supermarket down in Miami. I was about 12 years old and the bill's about $75. And I see her grab some of her tip money and she's got like $56 or whatever. And I see that she, she's missing like 20, 25 bucks and she goes into another pocket in her purse and grabs what I call funny money. And I said, mom, what is that funny money? It's like red. I've never seen money like that. I don only monopoly. And she kind of with shame in her face, looked down and she goes, son, the government's helping us out a little bit this month. And it, it changed my life. Emini here, I can feel it today.


And I know so many families out there have felt this. And that's kind of where my ambitious grew. Is that what we used to call food stamps? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Food stamps, stamp. Remember they were paper food stamps, But I never seen it because it wasn't green. Right. And I think she would hide it from me. We were probably in food stamps for years. She just never, you know, disclosed that with me. And then like John said, I met with one of my heroes and mentors and great friend now Magic Johnson about 30 years ago. And he was going out to dinner with Cookie and it was near LA Rodeo Drive, I think Mastro or something. And it was supposed to be a 30 minute meeting. We met for three hours. He called Cookie and said, I'm not coming home. And years later I said, magic, why'd you gimme like three hours? And I left with nine notes of paper that I still have today. He said, 'cause you're one of the few athletes that came in all business on time.


That's right. No phone. And you were taking notes. That's right. So you were engaged. So I engaged with you. So that's my message to the next generation. It's just like, the reason why I played baseball for so long is the fundamentals, whether it's Jordan or Tiger or LeBron or Magic or Bird, whoever is fundamental in sports that makes you great. The same thing as in business. You gotta know the rules of engagement. And our young folks, while they're getting better, there's a lot of room for growth to understand the way that money works and the relationship with money and financial literacy. So From day one, did you blow any money? Like, like when you first got your first big check, did you blow any of it? I was fortunate that I played for almost 25 years. So I would say from age 20 to 30, I made a bunch of mistakes. And then what I realized, like sports, when we won the championship with the Yankees in oh nine, we, we had a squad and we were as solid as anyone.


And in business the same thing. You gotta create an incredible team that are way smarter than you, that have complimentary set of skills. But at the end of the day, you're the quarterback of that team. So then I put my lessons behind me. And, and it's been pretty good ever since. What was the dumbest thing you bought when you, when you first became and made all that money in, in Major League baseball? Well, I'm from Miami, so boat, Body, I, A band and a Rolex. If you're from Miami, you need a Rolex. That's the gold Stand. Rolex not dumb. Nah, Youell that. So by the way, me, him and Don Peoples who's been on the show a few weeks ago, the three black men I know, black and brown, same thing. We're all, we're all same family who have a couple hundred million dollars in a loan facility for real estate on a, as you know, this non-recourse basis.


Which means there's no personal guarantees. That's credibility. And that's where we need to go. Like, you make money during the day, you build wealth in your sleep. And too many of us hooked have hooked on that. I wanna get that dollar. I get that cash. I wanna get that book. I'm gonna get that bag. It's useless. It's, it's it, it's called literally cash flow. And if you're outflow exceed your inflows and your overhead will be your downfall. And if, and if you don't understand financial literacy, somebody's gonna separate you from your wallet. And this is, this is just more zeros attached to it. The first year. Every athlete spends everything together. Yeah, right. It's just every, you know, it's just, it's natural. You know, growing up in Queens, there was nobody around me making money. Right. We were all the same. We didn't know anything about financial literacy. Right. My son goes to, university of Miami calls me yesterday. Him and his friends are about to buy a restaurant, which is crazy to me.


'cause at 20 years old I wasn't thinking about that at all. But it's the mindset and the people that he's around. So for people listening and they might not have somebody around him that is knowledgeable in business, they might not have somebody around him that knows where to put money or what to invest in or how to do it. What do you tell those and people to say, okay, I don't have a magic to speak to. You know what Emini here, I don't have arod to say, let me sit down with you. I don't have a, a, a john to say this is what I have and what I do. So what do you tell those Individuals? Lemme take that first because I know this one includes John. The power of proximity to greatness or proximity to intelligence is so powerful in baseball. I wanted to be around Cal Ripkin, Keith Hernandez, doc Good and strawberry because they had sets of skills that I needed And I wanted, and great athletes can copy and paste better than anyone in baseball skills in baseball.


Now you go over, now it tos business and it's the same exact drill. I want to be around John Hope because every time I'm around him, I get better. He inspires me, he gives me more hope, he gives me my, no pun intended. He gives my, my self-esteem rises. Our community black and brown, the number one issue is self-esteem issue. And they don't want engage down about it. They don't wanna engage in a business conversation 'cause they don't wanna be embarrassed. That's right. Where are some of the most prideful people in The World? But we pay our rent on time. We're hardworking people. We have tremendous heart and grit, but we don't wanna be embarrassed. That's why Shark Tank works so well. You get an education while getting entertainment and, and the America gets an MBA from Shark Tank. That's why people say when I walk around, oh there's the Shark Tank guy. I love Shark Tank. That's watch a Shark Tank is amazing, right?


They learn so early. So, so, so your job as an American citizen, as a youngster, right? Man, boy, whatever you are is to be around proximity of greatness. So if you find a great mentor from age 20 to 30, forget about the money, 20 to 30, go work for John. Go do an internship at Arod Corp. Go work for magic, paid nothing, pay whatever you got, get a roommate. But 20 to 30 is your extended education. And then once you get into the thirties, you open up that, that black book, how we say your, your relationships. Right? Because when you're 85, right, you look back, your net worth is gonna resemble your network. Amen. Right? So start, I had a mentor say, if you don't have a breakfast, lunch, and dinner every single day to talk about money, you're falling behind.


'cause your competition's doing it. That's Right. Alright, don't go anywhere. When we come back, we got more conversation with Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. We got Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant here this morning with us. Now Alex, who got you into the, the, the franchise game? Which one? Far as well, the rumor now is that, you know, y'all got the cash ready, the Body Minnesota Timberwolves. Oh yeah. Full ownership. So there's, by the way, there's some things that he can't talk about today. Yeah. It's a legal situation. He'll, he'll answer the question he can answer. By the way, I loved by the way there was like Wish franchise. He owns so much. That was a flag.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


How Y'all this weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no Time, like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We are not finished. We're on a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. App de required


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. So grab your free welcome bonus now at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino, no purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms Inc.


Inside you two wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other courage, wisdom and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good wolf. This podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I Heard that I called that I my fault. He's like, which one? But there's some things he, he he won't be able to talk about today. Just high level Emini here. Just kind of my passion for sports. I think if you talk to most athletes and you do a secret poll, probably 90% or more will tell you, I would love to own part of a team someday. Who doesn't wanna convert from player to owner, right? That that's the, the, the American way. We took a long run at the Mets and we came in second to Steve Cohen, thank God. 'cause he's doing a phenomenal job. And we we're having a great time with the Tim Bulls and the Lynx. Lynx almost won a championship a couple days ago. Came up a little short, but very proud of our, of our young women. Look, this is the, the, the ultimate dream to be in, in room with Adam Silver and 30 other owners. It's pretty spectacular. And I look at that and talk about imposter syndrome.


You're seeing Mark Cuban, you're seeing Jim Dolan, Tony Wrestl wrestler, you seen Tony Wrestler. You've seen guys like Mark Rie, people that I've looked up and admired and studied my whole kind of adult life. And now you're in the room with 'em as colleagues. It's, it's really an incredible feat. Yeah, I've been dreaming about it probably for a long time and finally made the move. I just gotta Ask some sport question since we on sports. How about them Damn Yankees. Oh Man. Oh, how, how, how does it feel to see what's taken so long to get back to and what do you think about the Yankees now? It seems like baseball is more exciting now. I'm watching the games more. The games are a lot faster. It's fast pacing. So what is your, what is your, your thoughts on baseball now? Yeah, I'm so excited. This is, baseball has needed this moment for at least a decade.


I'm so tired of people saying baseball's born and Oh, and look, we went through a little bit of soul Time. It was, it was born for, they got boring, But gave commissioner Rob Manford and Tony Clark, the head of the union of, of the players, and they came up with The clock, right. And made it a lot better Pace made the bigger bases. Now they look like Domino's Pizza. Right, right. The base. It is a game that's driven by markets and superstars and tradition and history. And this World series here has it all. This is two franchises that have the two richest franchises in revenue and Star Power Global Yankee may be the number one franchise in The World. Dodgers may be top five. And I'm talking about all of sports football, soccer, name, you name it. Oh no Cowboy Number One baby. Yeah, yeah. Number one. Yeah. Cowboy fan mine. But the Yankees are in that top five. Right.


And when you look at the Yankees conglomerate, it's well worth over 10 billion. When you look at the Dodgers, well worth over 10 billion. Okay. I would say there's Tani and Judgers, two biggest stars you can have. You're gonna have probably 15 million people watching Japan. Another 15 or 20 watching here. The fan bases is interesting. When you go to Dodger Stadium, there's three type of fan bases. You have the corporate financial institutions in Hollywood, you have the Mexicans that you know less. Fernando Valenzuela who died, he was a big pioneer in that movement. And then the other third is now Japanese. They, they're printing money like is no one's business. T because of Tani. And obviously the success they've had with Mark Walters. Todd Boley, they have an incredible ownership. He's traded his ball for four point a $5 million. That's Right. Hopefully 16. But they've had one championship in 37 years.


The Yankees have won championship in 24 years. Wow. So both franchise are gonna be starving tickets. I told Sean today are going for $40,000 behind home plate. One ticket. Wow. That's, so if you want two, that's 80 grand. 80 grand. A a beer is probably 4,000. So it, it's, it's gonna be the most watch World series since the Cubs in. And You won. You won, you won. Right. That the last one was oh nine. So we haven't been there in 15 years. So bring the glory days back to the Bronx. My question, I don't, I don't know much about the players. It's not about the players. My question is about, it's back to the family stuff you were talking about. My first thought was, so that moment with your mom changed your, like, thoughts on money and building money and family. How do you keep, now you got all these franchises and all this stuff.


How do you keep, like, you take care of a lot of people, but when, how do you set your boundaries where it's like, no, because you gotta keep the money to make the money, but you also grew up watching so many people not have, like, what's that battle like for you? How do you be like, no, I can't do that. That makes no sense. Gotta gotta for my discipline. So first of all, I, I'm almost 50 now, so I've had a lot of learning experience. I would say when I was in my twenties and thirties, that was a lot more challenging, right? But now when you're running businesses, you can give people opportunities where they can win. So as an example, my sister does on my personal real estate. So if I'm buying a house for, you know, a dollar, she's making, you know, 3% on that or 6% on that. Okay. And my brother does. But they Gotta be, they gotta to be Competent. Now. They know they So it's not a giveaway.


No. They know my, I don't play that game. You gotta be by the book. There's no nepotism. That's it. I'm a very tough boss. I would say that. But here are the rules. Rules of engagement. If you play by 'em, you're gonna get first bit. And if you perform, I'm gonna come back to you over and over again. If you don't perform, I, I have no problem quickly pivoting. And it's not personal, it's business. That's right. Now, when my mom calls, Mom Can get whatever Now for ki for parents listening right now, when is a good time to start getting their kids involved in financial literacy? When you start breathing, so When you start spending money Emini here, you're spending money 24 hours a day. When you sleep, you're spending money. The government by the alarm clock. You do, you did that.


The government's not paying for your light bill, right? So check this out. We have a kids' account in Atlanta, public Schools Operation Hope, by the way, everybody can go get financial coaching scholarship from Comp of The Breakfast Club. Call operational will give you a thousand dollars free scholarship. Just because you mentioned Breakfast Club to get coaching and counseling, get your credit score, right? So we have with Mayor Andre Dickens in, in Atlanta, we have a kids' account in kindergarten, 50 bucks in the kids' account. Now you may say, what's the big deal of that? If you have a, a bank account at kindergarten, you're 50% more likely to go to college. If you have $50 in that account in kindergarten, you're 75% more likely to graduate from college because now you're connecting education with aspiration.


The kid, the lights on the kids' head. Now you're talking about stocks and bonds and investment and Emini here. And don't, and don't put, don't create an investment account. Don't get arod of me or you DJing v go in and talk about cars, you know, talking about, because really it's technology these days, right? Talk about. But through that it's investment. Now. Now the, now these kids, you, you hooked them, right? So it's about role modeling, it's about the language of money at the earliest age because this is the aspiration generation. We, we can literally build the next generation of America. We have to by the way. 'cause we're gonna be a majority of minorities literally. But we don't do that as country's done. But, but we can do that at kindergarten. You know, the biggest thing that my son, he who's nine, the thing that I love is my son watches Shark Tank.


So he's nine. So he doesn't know you for baseball. He knows you from Shark Tank. Wow. That's deep. And I pre and like I, I was talking on the phone, we was talking to businesses, somebody and he started asking me questions that I know that he got from someplace else. I said this the other day, he was asking me, so Dad, how much equity do you get in that deal? I'm like, where the fuck you getting that from? Whoa. And then he was like, well what about, he was like, well, whoa. I said, well, where did you hear about equity? And he's selling me Shark Tank. And he was like, yeah, I wanna know what royalty fees are. That's and, and this and the other. And, and now, And I was like, I just want to play baseball. But you know, it was just, it was great that they have these type of shows on there. And I know you gotta go. I know you got a question. Yeah, I do have a question. So y'all are talking about your families and y'all kids. And these two always talk about how when they locked into their marriages, everything like flourished for them.


You talk about your baby girls a lot. Last time you were here, you were talking engagement with J-Lo. I know you're right now dating Jacqueline. Is engagement marriage, is that a conversation for you right now? Like how does that, where does that fit in all of this business in the portfolios? Well, I'm very lucky to have an incredible person in my life. Jack's a Canadian. She's right outside of Detroit, which is very beneficial because my daughter goes to school in Michigan. So I got two for the price of one. So I'm already cutting a good deal. So she's 20 minutes from Detroit. She's a former nurse. She's transitioned her nursing to an incredible business called Jack Fit, where she helps out, you know, thousands of women online get a better life.


I personally lost 30 pounds because of her. I haven't really thought about that. This is really the, the best place I've been in my life. I'm very fortunate, grateful to be where I am. I'm helping out tons of people involved, like you said with the Timbers and the Lyx and doing my Fox deal with the Yankees and the Dodgers. I'm open to anything, but right now, I'll let you know if there's some big announcement coming, I would maybe I'll come back. I would think it would be difficult for you to trust anybody in a real, you know what, Emini here romantically, just because you are Arod so the celebrity, but then the money, like, It's hard. It's hard for sure, but you know, you take your time, you try to remind yourself with people that are better than you. And, but it's no question. It's, it's, it's difficult. All right, we come back, we got more with Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant, it's the world's most dangerous morning to show The Breakfast Club.


Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning to show The Breakfast Club. We're here with Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant. Now Vy, you got a question I was gonna ask for somebody listening, maybe possibly thinking about buying their first property, their first investment property, or even their first house or even refinancing their home. The average person listening to this, please listen to me as fast as you can buy a home. The number one way you build wealth in America is home ownership. The average African American, we have 41, 42, 40 3% of us own a home compared to 75% of our white counterparts. That 30% delta, that difference is massive home ownership. And, and and, and prices are not going down. When I start buying those 700 homes from the Promise Homes company And I ran it up to $150 million of, of assets under management of that particular portfolio I bought for 88,000.


I sold 'em at 350,000. No one moved the house. There was no genius to it. It's a magic of of compounding. They're not growing any more land. A lot. Most of the places where we live are inner cities. What's an inner city in France? It's called Paris. What's an inner city in Britain? It's called the uk. Like we have centrally located real estate and we're walking away from it to rent to some from somebody we don't know to spend money. We don't have to impress people. We don't know to talk about stuff that don't matter. Like knock it off. Buy the worst house and the best block in the hood. D-A-H-O-D, the hood adjacent. Buy it near transportation. Eco economy, economic activity, activity and a vibrant environment. Buy it, rehab it, live in it, use equity a couple years later and buy, I know you know what I'm talking about here.


DJ MV buy the second home three years later. You do that three times over five to six years. This is my mother's story. Worked an hourly job. You're a millionaire and you can get the down payment through the earning income tax credit, right? You can go to operational hope to, we can help you get qualified for EITC. If you make $38,000 and have three children, the government owes you about $7,000 cash. So you just gave everybody listening to this who makes $38,000 a check and is retroactive for three years. If you've never filed, that's almost $20,000. There's your down payment right there, right? So we can, and get your credit score up, get your debt down, get your savings up, get into that house because it costs just as much to rent as it does to pay a mortgage payment. You're right. Interest rates are 2% not coming back. That's fine. 4%, 5% is just fine.


That's still very, very low. But prices are not coming down. People. Oh, I'm gonna wait. No, no, no, don't wait. It's gonna get worse. It's gonna get more expensive. Buy right now. Yeah. Can I, I want ask a question 'cause I think sometimes we have these conversations and we have these conversations from our perspectives, right? Well y'all in a different tax bracket, but I'm just saying everybody here for the most part has money. What about people who have no money? People from all communities who have $0? How do the poor even get to the middle class? I got you there. I Emini here. He's the master. But I'm just gonna give you like really simple, right? Money's the easiest part to get. And I know this sounds crazy to, to, to the folks listening, right? Money. There's over a trillion dollars sitting on the sidelines looking for great deals. So if you don't have money, can you find deal flow?


Can you hustle? If you find me an asset that costs $10 million and you bring it, you bring it to me for eight, you basically own $2 million of of that a hundred percent. So if you bring me a $10 million deal, right? And I can buy it for eight, you say, Hey, gimme a million dollars on that. I'll give you, because I'm still getting a million dollar discount. I'm paying nine for a $10 million asset. So I'm getting a discount. So looking for opportunities, understanding where the train is going and you as an entrepreneur says, how do I get in the way? So when that train goes by, I can jump on and and jump in that bandwagon, right? It's creating opportunities. If you find deals, you got money. Is that possible for Everyday people to Yes. Yeah, absolutely. Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. You know, you can buy a, you can open a fractional stock account and put in $25 to buy some stock.


Now you, you've spend that on Starbucks. You can, you can do frac, you can do 10 bucks, you can do five bucks a fractional stock on any stock that you want. So there's no excuse. If you wanna get in this game Operation Hope will help you. Again, if you're listening to Breakfast Club, we'll give you a scholarship for coaching and counseling. We're gonna get your credit score up. The average credit score for black people, by the way is six 20. Latinos are a little above that notch more. But you're locked. That means half of us are locked outta the free enterprise system. You can't get a decent home loan at anything below 700. Can't get a decent auto loan below at six 50. You can't get a, a business loan at all unless you're 700 better because it is risky credit. So we think the issue is racism or discrimination. It might be, but it also might be that you don't understand.


There's a game, there's a box, a credit box, and you're not in it. But you have to have discipline. You have to live below your means. You have to understand there's game. You've got to be financially literate and everybody can be a winner at this game. I'd love to come back at some point. We need to talk about a whole nother, this whole thing about relationship capital, which you talked about a little bit. Like behind all of us is a backer. That's right. A partner that we're not talking about magic has it? I know who they are. I love talking about Tony Wrestler and Michael edi. Right? They backed me $80 million And I paid them back plus 7%. Right? It's important 'cause our community feel like capitalists, you said talk about making smart, sexy, they feel like that's a bad thing. A lot of people, not everybody, but a lot of people in our community feel like capitalism is a horrible thing.


Having people back you is a horrible thing as well too. Yeah. So people say, let's go for step further. Oh, I hate rich people. No, you don't. You hate rich people till you become rich. What you hate is a game system to your point, right? What you hate is a system that's rigged so that you don't think you can succeed. The money's not evil. It's the love of money that's evil. It's the greed. Ambassador Angel Young says that men and women fail for three reasons. Arrogance, pride, and greed. What, what did, what did Malcolm X say? We've been bamboozled, we've been tricked, we've been fooled, we've been hoodwinked, we've been hoodwinked on this topic. Black people. We have never had an economic infrastructure in the history of our, of of, of us being here. That's our problem.


Government's not gonna save you. Even if you wanna distribute money like a socialist, you gotta collect it like a capitalist. What's the entertainment business? The business of entertainment, the sports business. It's the business of sports. What we don't understand is the business, I'm gonna give everybody here, free game. There are about a hundred trillion dollars about to co hit the market in the next 10 years. All these baby boomers are retiring at the same time. They're gonna give their cash and their stock to their kids. They're gonna give their house to their family. Kids don't want the business. Those businesses have cash flow client list, real estate, a brand. Alex 80 you a minute ago. Bring me an asset for 10 million that I can get for 8 million. And you have the upside between eight and 10.


So if you come to me and say, I have a startup idea, give me a a million dollars, I'm like, get outta here. Right? You come to me and say, I've got a business that's got a million dollars of cash flow, that's got a, a valuation of $10 million. Will you finance that? The the acquisition in this example says $10 million of revenue. Will you submit a a a $9 million acquisition? The answer to that is absolutely yes. Non-recourse, meaning no personal guarantee. Wall Street does that all dance called private equity. So you got literally trillions of dollars worth of businesses that are about to hit the market. And people listening to this can go become capitalists right now with an existing cash flow business, existing assets, existing employees, and not no risk but low risk because it's already successful.


So we need to stop being self-employment projects because 96% of all black businesses don't have an employee. I don't know what the Latino numbers are, but, but you, but again, you build wealth in your sleep. It's compounding. This is a huge opportunity. So all of us here walk into opportunities every single day, but it's tanning taking your eyeballs and your brain and your ears to think about opportunities when you hear 'em. So you hear opportunities all the time, you know, poor guy and a rich guy go through a bad neighborhood. The poor guy goes, God, what a terrible neighborhood. I would never want to live here. The rich guy goes, let's try to see if we can buy all this up on a cheap 'cause in 10 years you're gonna be different that you go to a barbershop and you hear through a terrible divorce and you hear this gossip all the time and you guys are here.


Man, what a terrible situation to have to sell their house. I have to sell their car. If you're an entrepreneur in the ear, you hear, oh that might be an opportunity. Well maybe I can not to take advantage of anyone, but if you have to sell your house quickly, maybe I can provide a, a quick buy and sell for you off market. This is not personal. And there goes that $7 million deal for 10, right? So it's about a rewiring of the brain and looking at opportunities and not looking at problems. 'cause problems is really opportunities. Well ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us so much. John Hope Bryant, Alex Rodriguez and the Hope Global Forum is happening December 9th to the 11th in Atlanta, Georgia. Man, that's right, I, I'll, I'll be there. Alright, well It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more.


They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne. Who got the donkey of day today? Well just hilarious Donkey today goes the 21, no goes the 20-year-old. 22 0, 20-year-old Jolene White. Now he's 20. So that means he was born in 2004. And he is confirming my theory that after the year 2000 the universe just started making anybody. And I told y'all it's because God sold the company that makes humans. He sold it to some other higher power and they kept the name. Okay, same model but the ingredients just not the same because these little youngins is different.


See, Jalen has a eight month old son and the mother of the child had to run out real quick. So she left the baby with his daddy. Well Jalen decided to do what most men do when they watch their kids. And that's play NBA 2K. Well I'm gonna tell you right now, this is where the story gets dark. And since I don't like to be the bearer of bad news, let's go to CBS News Chicago for the report please. A father in Milwaukee is charged after he admitted to throwing his nine month old son because he was frustrated while playing a video game. Prosecutors say 20-year-old Jalen White was playing NBA 2K. He was quote down two points in the fourth quarter of the game. Prosecutors say that's when he threw his eight month old son against the wall. The criminal complaint states white told detectives he heard his son's head hit the wall loudly.


Hospital staff discovered several injuries on the child, not all of them from the wall incident. This appears not to be the first abusive conduct with this child based on the fact that there are multiple stages of healing and broken ribs. The baby has a traumatic brain injury and is not expected to survive. If the child does die, prosecutors will upgrade the charges against white two homicide. Somebody tell Donald Trump to add jail into the mass deportation list. Okay? Don't be fooled because his last name is white. He's not. This man was losing by two points in NB 2K and got so upset that he threw his baby against the wall in anger.


What happened to throwing your controller against the wall? What happened to simply resetting the game? What happened to instinctively loving your kids more than anything else on this planet? This man Jalen told police And I quote, he hit his head hard on the wall, bro, I heard the wall, it was hard on his head. I heard the impact of the wall after I tossed him. This man's eight month old child is not expected to live because his daddy was losing by two points in the fourth quarter in NB 2K. The craziest part about this story is Jalen said, he said he didn't, he didn't, he didn't say he saw the baby hit the wall. He said he heard the baby hit the wall.


That means he just tossed the child without looking. Okay? He tossed the baby away. He just tossed the baby the way Tyree tossed those tissues. The last time he was hand Breakfast Club studios crying. I'm not doing this. Me neither. Okay, out of all the things you could have grabbed and threw at the wall outta anger, you tossed your child and you're trying to tell me this, the same original recipe for humans God been using. No humans are under new management and God and and and and Ben. Okay God don't have his hands on none of those new model humans. You only hear humans of a certain age say, God not done with me yet because we are some of the last models that God created that he still got his hands on. Okay? Therefore we can still go the GOD repair service center lifetime warranty.


But the reality is God is done with some of y'all. And in the case of Jolene White, God said, Hmm, get somebody else to do it. I don't have nothing to do with that. I don't have nothing to do with those humans. Born after 2000, okay, that after 2000 human business, that's not me. I'm over here. I got my hands on the chimpanzees, the dolphins, the ravens. Have you noticed what I'm doing with the orchids and the bees? They are the new intelligent life and Ben, which is why the more you get to know humans born after the year 2000, you realize why Noah only let animals on the arc. Now Jalen is being held on child abuse and child neglect charges. And you heard the news report. If the poor eight month old child dies from his injuries, Jaylen's charges are expected to be updated to include murder and he is currently being held on a hundred thousand dollars bond.


All those in favor of keeping him there forever say aye. Aye. Okay, aye. All right. Emini here. Not Nick a   Yes. Although the polls say no. Okay, please let Remy ma give Jalen White the biggest. He haw, he Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? That's sad man. Yeah, that is sad. It's crazy. There won't be no 2K Where he going? Yeah, it's prison baby. Then They said that it was, this ain't the first time like the baby has other injuries that he's hail from. That's what I'm saying. Broken Ribs and all that. Like that's, that's crazy. So why wasn't a baby taken out of the cab before? That's wild. He deserve everything he about to get. If he get forever in prison, he get forever in prison.


Okay. And it ain't like I said, it ain't no 2K where he going? It's all two gay now. Okay. No controllers. Just joysticks Joy. Just joysticks. Just joystick. My goodness. Well thank you for that donkey today, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guest in the building. That's right. We got Matt Barnes is Steven Jackson. Welcome fellas. What's Up family man, How y'all feeling? Good. Tired but good. Tired but good. Collectively known as the All the Smoke podcast. That's right. All their new coffee table book is out right now.


All the smoke man. You know I always say like I know that there's a lot of athletes who do podcasts and stuff now. I don't know anybody before y'all. I feel like y'all started that whole wave. How? How did this come about though? This this just for a podcast like I know y'all was partners together homie,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


How to y'all this weekend get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time like the present Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now with critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning show. We Are not finished. We're on a hot streak, But don't just take their word for it. See for yourself it looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it stream for free this weekend. Appela de required


Inside you two. Wolves are locked in battle. One thrives on fear and anger and doubt the other. Courage, wisdom and love. Every decision, every moment feeds one of them. Which wolf are you feeding? I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the One You Feed. I've been there homeless, addicted, and lost. I know the power of small choices to turn your life around. On this podcast, I sit down with thinkers, leaders, and survivors to uncover what it takes to feed the good wolf. This Podcast saved me. It's like having a guide for the hardest parts of life. The wolves are hungry. What will you feed them? Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And Together on the really no really podcast, Our mission is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like why They refuse to make the bathroom door go all the way to the floor. We got the answer. Well space Junk. Block your cell signal. The astronaut who almost drowned during a spacewalk gives us the answer. Whoa. We talk with the scientist who figured out if your dog truly loves you and the one bringing back the wooly mammoth. Plus, does Tom Cruise really do his own stunts? His stunt man reveals the answer and you never know who's gonna drop by. Mr. Brian Cranson is with us today. How are you too? Hello, my Friend Wayne Knight about Jurassic Park. Wayne Knight, welcome to Really no, really, sir. Bless you all. Hello Newman. And you never know when Howie Mandel might just stop by to talk about judging. Really? That's the opening really. No, really? Yeah, really. No, really go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead It's called. Really? No, really. And you can find it on the iHeartRadio app on Apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What we do, I think we, I, I think Jack retired maybe one or two years before me and we both got out and we were doing ESPN and Fox and getting positive feedback and people said we needed to do something together. And we were at my house in the bay one time smoking and I'm just like, you wanna do a podcast? And he is like, sure, what is it? And I was like, I don't really know, but I think I think we can drink and smoke. 'cause we were working ES ESP N and Fox, you know, you gotta kind of walk that line. So it was just a little bit more to our comfort zone and he said, yeah. So I started doing the homework and, and we landed here. We landed at Showtime. Yeah, Kamala was your, your most recent Said We did Joe Kim Noah after her, but yeah, Kamala was, yeah, a big boy for us. And how was that? I know you were a little reluctant a little bit at First. Oh no. Every, you know that I called him, I talked to him about it. Me and Matt, we went at it for a couple days about it.


You didn't wanna do it at first? Nah, because I don I really don't want to get in politics. I don't, I don't even wanna be involved and a lot of people that support me don't get involved, you know what I'm saying? Or look at it the same way I look at it. But as a friend and as a brother to him, you know, anything that that that he asks me to do some, you know, nine outta 10 times, I'm loyal to a fault. You know what I'm saying? Even if it's something I don't want to do, but I know it's beneficial for our company. I know it's benefit. And I see after, after I did the interview, I see now I have a lot of women in my life. I have eight aunts, six daughters, you know. So I would look to them after I did the interview. I'm glad I did it now because they all look at her and they, and look up to her and, and inspire to be great like her. So I'm glad I did it.


You know, when he said he didn't want it, first of all, I told him, I said, stack, have I ever led you wrong in a business decision or life? And he said, no. But you know, when he said he didn't want to get in involved with the politics, I I, I told him, you know, I don't think that was his choice because once he did that George Floyd thing, he put, put a smack dab in the middle s right. The biggest leading, one of the biggest protests this world has ever seen. So a lot of things come with that. A lot of good, a lot of bad, but a lot of things come with that. And I think that he implanted himself in the middle And I always will respect his opinion, but I just thought this could be an opportunity for, he has a, a very loyal following and it could've been a, you know, it was a, it was an opportunity for him to, you know, get some stuff on his chest or ask straight to the face, you know, ask, ask her straight to the face those questions.


So I'm glad he decided to come around it. It took him a minute, like literally, Hey, let me tell you bro, until she came in the room, Jack wouldn't. Oh wow. Right. Until, so, so she came in the room and then she took us away from the group and, and took us on a walk throughout the house and started showing us this, this dope black art and sculptures. And I opened up a little bit, Jack was still tough, like, and then he saw this one piece of Artie liked and she talked about it and she had moved on And I kept phoning. He went and touched the art and looked at it. I was like, uhoh, she might be getting to him. And then he showed, she showed this dope ass chandelier. And then once she showed the chandelier and explained it and, and the jack started smile, I was like, all right. She got him. So we were straight. So it took him a minute to Warm up. Did she, did she know that you didn't wanna do it?


She had, yeah, she had a little bit. She had a, somebody might handed her. Did Y'all smoke before I Got there? I did. Oh, of course I'm high now. Yeah, it, it was too presidential to be able to try to sneak it in and get one off and we was representing a lot of people so we didn't wanna get in trouble. But yeah, definitely we pre-game, you know, that was one of 'em. Smoke showers, you know, in the shower, get the steam so don't mess up the hotel room like, You know. Y'all had the last conversation with Kobe Bryant, last interview with Kobe Bryant And I always wondered was that the last time either one of y'all actually spoke to him before five? That Was the first and last time I spoke to him since we played against each other. Wow. I know. Mad y'all had a relationship. Yeah, We would see each other a little bit more because he was coaching Gigi And I was coaching the twins.


So we had talked maybe one time after that. And then he had sent some shoes literally the week. I think he passed on a Sunday. He sent shoes that previous Monday to the twins and their whole team. So they had just got fresh Kobe. So we had spoke and then obviously like I said, he sent some shoes the week of the actual, the past. So it was, it was tough man. What Stands out from that conversation? Emini here you have it, y'all have it in the all the smoke coffee table book, but what stands out from that conversation? Just from that date? We had a conversation in his office before we actually got on camera and he was really adamant about this next 20 years then and, and for The World to be prepared for what he was doing in business. He was just finishing writing one of the children novels he was working on. And he just like fellas, like I don't want people to remember me for my last 20 years.


I want them to remember me for my next 20 years. You know, he had the fund and had won Emmy's and doing all kinds of stuff in the business space and obviously really saw when I got to see him coach Gigi and, and just, he didn't always, never showed a ton of joy, but you can just tell he loved it. Emini here he had these little girls running the triangle offense, which takes grown men a long time to learn. He had these girls practicing four or five days a week, three hours a day. Like, the thing about Kobe was he didn't take nothing light when it came to basketball. So these were little young girls, but they were running the Lakers offense to a tee. It was, he was like a drill sergeant with it, but you could tell he loved it. You know, all those little girls loved him and looked up to him and just the passion behind that was, was, was beautiful to see. Well for me, I think seeing, meeting him as a teenager and seeing him grow into the icon, he was, i I just admired that, you know, with so many players and basketball players, you come across doing a a u and traveling, you know, coming up as a teenager you see so many people that's supposed to be great that don't live up to it.


You know what I'm saying? He lived up to it and exceeded it. So, you know, just to be able to sit there to talk to him after our careers, you know what Emini here and go through the memories, you know what I'm saying? Then, you know, before he passed, that meant everything to me. Mm. Yeah. What do you think about the Lakers now? We see Bronny play the last two games and people are on Brody's Ass and that's a beautiful, I showed him the picture when we got in the car, we saw the picture. Like that's the dopest picture ever when he helping his dad up update. That's the dopest whoever hat and die. Yeah, Emini here. I think if anyone deserves this opportunity to play with his son, I think it's him. You know what Emini here and, and the fact that that whole thing was orchestrated for him to, to, to get to the Lakers is, is amazing. And I was, I was, I had a moment this past summer because my twins are 15 now, so I, I take them and play against grown men And I remember one time me and the twins were on the same team playing and we was hooping.


I'm just like, man, this is so dope. I couldn't imagine this on the highest level. Yeah. So to me Emini here, the kid was a 55th pick Emini here, the 55th pick doesn't even make it. So all these crazy expectations for him earlier are ridiculous. Like allow him to develop. But you know, we don't live in a world where development is allowed, especially on the highest level. So I think from a father son aspect, it's incredible. But you know, the Lakers are, are one of those teams where you gotta produce, what have you done for me lately? And they haven't necessarily done that. So it's gonna be interesting, you know, scrutinize year, I think We were talking about that earlier. Do you think that bro will actually have the chance to develop or you feel like people are gonna pigeonhole him so much that it might get? I I think he has even more of a chance to develop 'cause his father's there. Like that's the motivation he have and he, he's seen what it takes to be great. So all that is in him already and now he's in the, in the, in the facilities where you have everything here to be great I think, I think he has everything he need And I think he's definitely gonna blossom over there.


And I also think too Emini here. I don't think you look at Bronny in the same light as you look at LeBron. That's what don't compare. LeBron Tried to though. Just compare to other n People Try. I just think, I think he's gonna be a very solid role player. Emini here. He's got a HighQ high IQ place. Defense can make the right play, can shoot the ball. So I just think he needed a little bit more time to develop and now he's developing on the biggest stage. But I think, you know, he's a pro 2, 3, 4 years, he's gonna be a very solid rotational player. All we got more with Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes from the All the Smoke podcast when we come back. So don't move it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with Stephen Jackson and Matt Barnes from All The Smoke podcast.


Charlamagne. What was The process of putting this book together? Like how did y'all choose which conversations to put in there? Shout out Dylan shout into his publishing capital. Oh yeah, obviously you, yeah, you and the company and then Dylan just understanding, you know, where we, the caliber of guests we had and, and the different topics we spoke on. You know, again, there's a ton of people in this space now as far as sports, but I don't look as it as competition. I think everyone had their own journey and their own voice and their own experiences And I think we still think with all the conversations we had, our conversations are still different from everybody else's. So just important, you know, family, mental health, everything that comes along in this journey and, and and you know, we've been able to transition from not just a sports show to just kind of a more of a culturally relevant show.


Absolutely. You know, we're talking to the Kevins and the Wills and the Jadas and the Jamies and the, and the, and the vp. So I just think, you know, high level conversations with high level people and you know, being able to be celebrated with that Emini here, if I'm not mistaken, were the first podcast with the coffee table book, man. Absolutely. So I think it's, it's, it's a tremendous opportunity. We're very thankful for it and, and, and hope that everyone checks it out. How Did, how did you guys know it was time to, you talk a lot about transition that it was time to transition and, and like lean into like, okay, the podcast, the merch, like just the business side of things. Like was that a switch? It probably was planned, but when did you know like, okay, it's time to jump the fence now. Man, the reason why I left the NBA the, the, the, the first year of a three year deal, I happened to win a championship with Golden State And I wasn't get a chance.


You didn't get paid two years after you got planned. So I, I, I didn't, I wasn't getting a chance to see my kids. You know what Emini here, so I I, you know, the, it was kind of a perfect storm. We won a championship and, and, And I was ready to move. So I was just kind of excited and, And I think sometimes how, why athletes have a hard time transitioning because they don't get to leave on their own accord. Right? Most of the time it's injuries or a reputation or just teams don't want no more. But you know, I was someone that just, you know, I was in the midst of a contract and I'm just like, man, you know, this is the blessing we won. I wanna, I'm missing so much time with my sons. I'm a, you know, I'm my father first. So, you know, that was my transitioning reason. And then once I transitioned I'm like, damn, what's next? You know, I, I had invested well and, you know, had some things moving, but I knew I still needed to find something to do.


And, you know, media came knocking for both of us. You know, we, we kind of ran with it. So Emini here, Jack is the kind of guy that, you know, he, he, he, he trusts very few. So if you're in his trust circle, he's gonna listen to you. And when I pitched him idea, he trusted me to run with it and, and, and make it happen. And, you know, that's what I was able to do. I wanna ask some basketball questions before y'all get up outta here. Play Thompson. What you think about him leaving the Warriors and, and you think it was time for him to go? I think it's a breath. A breath of fresh air for him. Emini here. Some, some guys need that during their career. You know what, Emini here, you, you played at a certain spot for so long, it's a bad feeling in the body. I ain't won last couple years. So a lot of times they gonna probably try to find somebody to blame it on and it fell on clay. You know what I'm saying? Which, which is unfortunate because he's the reason why they have a big part why they have all those championships over there.


But this is how professional business goes. Yeah. This is how it goes. And I think it's great for him because he's landing in a spot where he can do what he do best with two of the best one-on-one players ever. And Kyrie and Luca, he could spot up and shoot jumpers. So I think, I think it's a great, a great situation for him. 'cause I, I've been in a situation where I, I was somewhere And I needed to go to a different team to be, to flourish and be a better player when I came to Golden State. So that's kind of same for him. Clay, A Hooper A score. Clay is a hooper. Hooper, yeah. Oh yeah. He play on both ends. WNBA. What are your thoughts this year? What a new excitement, new life. It sometimes I ain't go front. It feels better than the NBA. It's, what's your thoughts on WNBA Kaitlin talking And I Think just the, the women's game is pure man. You know what I'm saying? They, they, they all play it the right way.


It's refreshing to watch. It is good to see them start to get their money and get the attention that they deserve. I'm a hooper so I'm all for anybody that's hooping, that's putting in that work, you know what I'm saying? That's grind all these years to get to the top. I'm, I'm happy that, that they getting, they just do, I think the growth of the game is tremendous. You know, the fact that we're talking about it and seeing it on ESPN and all the highlights and, and, and you know, we're doing a piece that I'm excited about on Andrew Reese and Calin Clark and just their dynamic that they brought to the game and, and the vehicle of new fans they brought. And you've heard kind of some of the good and the bad that have come with that. You know, angel spoke out on just the negativity and the racism that have come from some fans and kind of using them. But Is that normal though? 'cause you know, it, it seems like that's normal in the league.


I'm sure that you guys have been called 1,000,001 names. Oh man. Absolutely. Absolutely. You get into a fight. Utah, Boston. You played in Indiana, man. Like what you talking in Utah, remember? Yeah. Oh yeah. I had just got into trouble in Indiana. That's back. You still had the space between your tee. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah, I had a dude had a cardboard cut out under the goal with me in a jail suit. Oh shoot. It was funny too. We was all laughing though. We signed it for him and all. Yeah, no, but I just, I think the growth of the game is tremendous. I think it's gonna continue to grow. It's got new eyeballs and new sponsorship and, and new money and you know, we just want to continue to celebrate them. There Was a video last year in November that went viral of you and Derek Fisher coaching the twins together.


That was a really, that video was like, I think The World was like, oh wow. Like, you know what Emini here, The World. Yeah. Me. I was there. I'm like, hold up Jack. We Doing, I was, I remember 2015 everything before that. Right. What was it like getting to that point where now we on the court, well it's important to do it, but what was that Like? You people don't understand that Me and Phish squashed that summer after it happened. Like that happened at the beginning of one season and then the next summer, once I found out he was around and the twins cared about him, like we squashed it because it wasn't about my ex And I no more. It was about trying to raise these young men. So Phish has been in the boys' life for almost half their life. You know what Emini here. So we've always been, And I was real enough to sit down and have a conversation with them, like, bro, I'm still playing, so you're gonna see my kids more than me.


I need you to teach them the ropes Right. While I'm not around. So to me, you know, once I got over and once we talked about how I didn't agree with the move and it could have went a different way. Like it, like it wasn't about saving that, it was about harvesting and, and we gotta raise two young black men. So Emini here, I think he's done a great job. I tip my hat to him all the time. Emini here. He's, he's their second dad and he, you know, I coach him in the summer during AAU and he coaches them during high school. So Emini here, when people see us, they still kind of trip out. But like we, our, our beef was for a season wasn't even that long. Love that for y'all. Yeah. It's easy to squash beef when you win the fight. See how back, you see how don't even a long time me Merch Matt, ball, Steven Jackson, we appreciate.


Oh, y'all know y'all got some shows, right? Live show today. Yep. Yeah. Philly with, with million dollars worth of game and, and a really special guest coming through with them, man. So we're, we're excited to be on the East coast. Yeah. Jim Jones Davies. All 'em said they was pulling up. So I'm looking to see how can See is it gonna be AI in Philly? How'd you know? We going see. Is that real? That's what that's happening. That's probably my favorite. I'm to Billy for that. The ai, all the smoke conversation is probably my favorite. AI convers wasn't, it was deep. Yeah, that conversation is in the all the smoke coffee table book, which is out right now. All the stalls, all the stories. No apologies. Go get it. That's Right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for a positive note. What we got, it is really simple, man. For everybody out there that's always on social media, you know, trying to curate the perfect image, putting a filter on everything. I just wanna tell y'all, y'all be so worried about image, you need to clean up your spirit. Okay? Some of y'all need to clean up your spirit. Go do some damn work on yourself. I'm not out here, you know, pushing for therapy just because y'all need to go out here and find a therapist. Y'all need to find a spiritual leader. Y'all need to just really clean up your spirit 'cause your spirit is disgusting and nasty. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Do you want a shortcut To the best version of you? Here it is. Feed the Good Wolf. I'm Eric Zimmer, host of the one You Feed. Every week I talk to brilliant minds and brave souls about the art of small powerful choices. Our listeners say it all. This is a lifeline Transformational, The best antidote to a bad mood I've ever heard. Join the pack and start feeding your best self. Listen to the one you feed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on the really no really podcast is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of Failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go To really no really.com And register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast, follow Us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, Family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello? And what if your past itself was the secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions we'll be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.