
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right? S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets now.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never Heard. Welcome, welcome, welcome, welcome to another excited episode of a Trap Nerds podcast. We're In this piece man. Woo. How you guys doing this week? Dre, how's your week going? My truck broke down. Other than that, no. Yeah, I gotta get a new motor. Oh No, I wasn't worried about the truck off the top of my camera. I thought my Well shit nigga.


But yeah, I gotta get a new motor looking like it. So shit, other than that, chill it. I ain't, You might as well just get rid of the whole thing. I'm not gonna, you gotta get in the motor. Nah, you gotta get rid of the mo. Nah, come On. Good boy. Nigga. 1500 instead of paying fucking what? Oh four new car Emini here. But that is one of my good, like nigga I'm, I'm just gonna buy a Little, what if I find a motor for 51? What about the installation? Yeah, I can do that myself. You got a motor? Okay. Yeah. I didn't know you. Yeah, that's one of random talents. You learn type shit. But yeah, it is like I found one so it's just like I can just buy that bitch take out. It's either I'm gonna rebuild my shit or just gone and put a new one in type. But yeah, I'm not gonna let Go. Okay. If you're doing it yourself, right, that's Different thing.


Yeah I can, yeah. I'm not letting go of that truck type shit. That's too good of a truck. Just they don't make 'em like that no more type shit. You know what I'm saying? Like if it was one, if it was like a Toyota or some shit. Yeah, I just went ahead and got, you know it is like Chevys and Dodgers, you don't let go like that no matter what year they is type shit. Them bitches are okay for type shit, but Aw, other than that I've been really chilling. Tony. I thought it was to, I thought Toyota was the one that is reliable. Just a newer thing. If You know, if you overseas, if you got old, you know the terrorists and shit when they got the mini gun on top of them Toyotas? No, the tundras tundras are really super Reliable. They last for a while but you gotta pay to fix them bitches.


Tundras and, and fucking Dodgers are like the best truck Type shit. Yeah. That's why I can't look. Yeah, that's why I was like, even though I got a O three, that dodge still work. Even if I slap a new motor in that bitch, it's a new car. Damn. There I was talking about new Dodgers, not like the old Dodgers. Oh, them bitches too type shit. If as long as you ain't got like some nineties shit, you okay? Like yeah, early two thousands on up. That's when they got, that's when they started, That's when they got in. That's when they ingenuity kicked in too. Shit. Yeah, they started taking away from Ford's Like nigga we we're the work truck now type of shit basically. But other than that shit And I ain't really been stream. Fun fact, huh? Henry Ford was super racist. Yeah, no shit.


Wait, We Super racist. Super, super racist Shit. Especially Against black employees. Nah, You weren't, He Don't people, that's why in factories. Why? That's why black people fuck with Chevys so bad and they all hate Fords. He, he never, none that He wrote this big old antisemitic book had this antisemitic like newsletter called the Daily Jew and Hitler references in Maya. K my, when he was talking about it he, he like, he like he loved that but he was like, he Ford is one of my inspirations. Yep. Really? Yes. Oh yeah. Henry Ford was a racist. Well I knew yeah that but like I didn't know it went bad. He was, yes, he, he got the Nazi star from the Nazis as a like the, the Hodes award a non Nazi can get.


He got it from the Nazi. From the Nazi party. See people always think about like Volkswagen like, oh that's a Nazi car type shit at times. But then it's like, do you not know what Ford was doing over there? Ford was Inspiring him. Oh some shit. Like A lot of Americans apy Hitler go back and look at it. A lot of Americans had a lot of things to do. A lot, A lot, a lot of niggas was putting money in a Hitler in America that you don't know about type of shit. They'll make sure no one knows about, Hey they even had a thousand person Nazi rally in New York at one point back in the day. So why you think that's why? Yeah, that's Why Oppenheimer was so wild when they was like, bro are you a communist or not? That's why it was that serious. Like bro, we know niggas are actually putting money over that type shit on some like hey if y if you know we good but if we happen to lose, Yes it was, it was some people actually supporting the Nazis.


Tony in America, a few niggas there was a big like a big rally. They had a rally. Yeah, well we still have that. Right. But it's like, It's not the same though. It was you obvious see how many people over there, one of those the people, them people Elijah talking about were actual Nazis. These people are white supremacists. Yeah. Yeah it is like now it's just white supremacists back then though. Those were Nazis type shit. One of those moments. But yeah, Hitler was inspired by Henry Ford. Even this, this publication even says the wall beside his desk in Hitler's private office is decorated with a large picture of Henry Ford. Yeah, I told you. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy. You didn't Know that Emini here. I didn't know, like I said, I didn't know it went like that.


I knew he was Crazy. Yeah, he knew He racist though. Everybody know he racist. Yeah. Everybody don't know. He get Deep, he talking about the deep details of it. Yeah, it get whole bunch. People don't know that Tony whole bunch of people don't know that It get deep like it be like, it is like one of when you be like, oh these, these families been rich forever and shit. Just that worldwide shit. It's a for it's a foregone conclusion. He was racist though in the thirties and stuff. Like Yeah. That that's a Known thing. That is a Known thing. But he was antisemitic, super antisemitic too. I think he was worse against antisemitic. Yeah, I, Yeah. It's what he, he he hated Jews voted hated black people. Yeah but that's that. Hey that's some niggas during the depression and shit. You See that's kind of how it's shifting too. A lot of people starting to hate Jews one day. It's the Dodge people too.


Oh my, my, I know a person from the Dodge family who he's been kind of cut off because he doesn't want to be a racist. A lot of the families inside, like that's why they so rich franchise. Like, oh they kept this shit all in the family. You keep going back. They owned a plantation. No, I'm just, oh I'm sorry. I'm sorry for derailing us listeners, but my brain is full of history. Brain rock. Oh, random History. It's just full of history. Fact, there Could be worse brain rock. True. Some shit. Like when they, when they, when that meme was going around, how long, how many times a week do you think about the Roman Empire? I think about it almost every day. I'm being honest, almost every day I think about the Roman Empire.


I finally watched the nine hour video. I Watching something. I was watching there, I was watching. So I was watching something. They said that Alexander Gray wasn't really gay. The movie lot. No, no, no. Oh no. He was super gay. But you know that's like, that's Not a that that wasn't really a thing. He would knock off bitches, but Yes. Yeah, he was bisexual like in Greek. Like a lot of people was gay. You could see it in the art, all that stuff. It was, they was just, it wasn't a real, it didn't have the same stigma that it had like right now You was fucking the fuck it Was like, it was like, it was like booties and penises going around. Yeah, they didn't, As long as you had your wife and got got her pregnant, nobody could. They were just doing a whole bunch Of, hey bro, aids wasn't fitting yet.


It's probably crazy back in then. And You would, you would catch syphilis though. Syphilis. Syphilis was a thing. Syphilis. Syphilis. Niggas was dying from syphilis Back then. That's why the niggas water them weed. They said they just go bald and they had to water them weed because syphilis man, you learn something new every day. There's a form of syphilis that went around that's mutated form syphilis and who started eating people's skin on they faces and stuff. And so You know that and that's why back then a lot of niggas started wearing masks. Masks, yep. Yeah. History facts with The Trapnerds. Fuck y'all been on? Shit. Oh It was totally turned. Yeah. Tony, how's your week? Yeah, I got It. That's a weird follow up ball. That, that was the best way I thought moving forward. Damn my bad.


I had a good, good holiday week for those who are listening. This is our Christmas week. Even though y'all get it a week later. We had good, my family's not celebrating until tomorrow because everyone worked. But my family here that I live with, we celebrated on the 24th. That's just 'cause my girlfriend apparently does that on Christmas Eve. I don't know. We, you know, Puerto Rican stuff. I don't know. It took, but damn, that's wild. Mexican talking about Puerto Rican shit like that. You know I, there's a, there's a lot of infighting in the Spanish community, you know. Oh yes it Is. We we're away. Ask a Mexican person how they feel about a Venezuelan. See, See how caught.


Nah, nah, the wildes shit, if you call a Mexican Dominican, they will lose they shit. Yeah. If, If you call a Puerto Rican a Mexican, they'll lose their shit. Right. It's like, it, it goes, it goes all those ways. Right? Yeah. If you, if you mention the wrong type of Hispanic, it's over with Emini here. Oh man, I, so I've been using Ali Express to order some stuff. 'cause it, it Emini here. It takes a while, but actually some of that stuff's really good quality. I was, I was surprised legitimately What Did you get? But this, I got some PLA for my 3D printer so I could print, print some more things. And I thought it was gonna be trash 'cause I got it for like $3, you know. And generally that stuff's like 20, $25.


And it came, it took like two weeks. But it, it got here and it was actually, it's actually working really good. I'm expecting some more today. But I, I ordered some other stuff and apparently this is something happened just for those who think about using AliExpress is it can get lost or delayed for three months. It fall, it fall off a ship hook while it was in the water. It fall off one one of cargo ships A bitch in the Atlantic Ocean. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause right now I have a, basically a pretty big order of s that I got for people. And What'd you get me in, in, in The Trapnerds nurse? What'd you get me? Okay. Touche.


But they told me, they're like, oh yeah, it's delayed 'cause it was, I ordered it back on the ninth and it's supposed to be here on the 16th and it's been, it hasn't got here. And, and the tracking has like stopped. Like it's, it stopped in the Netherlands. I don't know what happened There. That's where, that's where it fell off the boat at. That's wild. That bitch in a mountain. It's a boat. Got it. Somebody gonna be skiing and trip over your shit. Yeah. Transferring it by carriage across the land. Yeah. I don't, I don't know what's going on. And I tried to contact like, support about it and they're like, well since it's in transit we can't refund you or do anything like that 'cause it's still technically out there and it could still get to you eventually.


So we have a three month return policy. So I have to wait three months before they'll just automatically be like, all right, we'll give you your money back. So that's what I'm contending with. Which it sucks that that's a thing. Right. And I, I just, I didn't know that that could happen. 'cause the past orders I've had, they've been great. They get here when they're supposed to. Even if it does take a little while, that's fine. You know, it's coming from over there. Alright, so So yeah Anything from overseas, I kind of give them a good bite. Yeah. So a word warning for people who use Ali Express, there's a chance it could fall off the boat or get stuck. Maybe the carrot, maybe their horses got sick.


I don't know. That's probably a little racist. I probably shouldn't have said that. No, it's not, it's not racist. Leave. Forgive me people. We got a listener Norway, Wherever that comes from. We Gotta listen. Hey listener in Norway. Let us know if it, we'll get that review. It's like one person Norway to listen. I know it. Like, hey, let us know if that's racist Norway person. And we get one start. Yep. Shout Out random shout out to New Zealand because I, I randomly like a random people from New Zealand. Yeah we got one. We got one person in New Zealand and one person in Australia listening. Yeah. I Will make a trip down there. But y'all got too many wildlife in y'all homes. I ain't, I ain't put no in that seen and it's too hot down there.


I feel you. It is playing life on hard mode. Yeah. And it's too hot down there. I can't deal with that. It's already hot enough in Texas. I can't go Texas time too. Can't do it. Can't do it. Me seeing them hoards of spiders on people's, I ain't deal With that. I ain't dealing with That. That's the only, if they, if they didn't have spiders I'd go but no On animal down there I could deal with is probably a kangaroo and koala. But kangaroo Bro. Fuck you ever seen them two videos of kangaroos fighting too? Yeah. Yeah. But they, they, they ain't strong. They ain't strong enough because a dude VA dude won V one the kangaroo on. You gotta think, you gotta think he was from Australia. He's, he been doing that his whole life. Kangaroo, kangaroos relate that aggressive though.


He Grew, he grew Koala. Koala. Fuck you up real Quick. Nah, they ain't aggressive though. If They ain't got no eucalyptus in them, they, They usually ain't aggressive. Dude, I learned that koalas are the most, I think we talked about this disgust. Yeah, they're useless. They're most useless, useless creature. And they, if, if they fall off the tree, they die. Die. Like what is that Life It's Gigi because 'cause they don't know how to climb back up. It's, it's like the animal equivalent to a bug type shit. Yeah, but I ain't dealing with the spiders and stakes though. I ain't, I can't deal with that too much. I can't, I don't like walking around and have to worry about every step I take. I can't be barefoot. No, nah I can't do it. And too Because I work for animal control, like only thing I'm worried about is spiders because that's the only thing I would never touch in animal controls is spiders.


But like, But we ain't got spiders like they got down there. Yeah. Yeah. The spiders, the spiders can kill you. Kill you ca I seen you ever seen that one of that spider killing that bird. When I saw that shit I was like, yeah, nah spider, You big enough to take out a bird? You too close. You too close to Starship. Starship troopers to me. I can't deal with that. I I I too close to it. I can't deal with that. Australia's the closest to hell divers to, we going get, See It'd be nice to go and go to see the Australian J Zoo and go see the Steve Irwin memorial and then see like the show that his family does down there. Like I go I, I'd be like fuck fighter to go just to see that. Like if I had a chance. Nah, I go to New Zealand though 'cause the weather is better.


You had a chance, Remember we had that chance to go to New Zealand. Yeah, I did have a chance to go to when I was in middle school. Poor Ass gonna be like, I want fly on the plane. I ain't flying all the way. No New Zealand. I they wanted, I was gonna live there, the big exchange student for a year. I would not been, I would've done that. I would, I like living in my own house, man. That was the only time Of my life. I won't live with no random white people. I know it's, I know it's because it's all, it's down. I'll be with some random white person in New Zealand. Oh. Oh. Not doing, I got offered a position like that too. Yeah I Did. Next year they offered me one in Europe. I thought about doing that one for a while. Me And I did talk about it, but then I said nah, I ain't gonna do it. Miss talking to I-I-I-I-I don't like living in random strangers places. I can't do it. Can't do it.


Not knowing anybody either. You could have became a serial killer. What? Yeah. Came back home like ain't shit. Yeah. It's not like they gonna find you. She got away with it though. She did. You seen the movie? Hated Panera? Played her. What movie is that? Oh, I forgot the name. Yeah. On some shit. Like she was basically exchange but this was serial killer and then like greatest school year ever caught a few bodies went back home like, and shit happened. Oh, that's wild.


I started looking at the new season of Squid Game. Okay, so is it I ain't shit is it straight? Is it straight? It's legit So far. Yeah, but I ain't finished it yet so I gotta wait till I get to the end. So Gimme, can I get like the first two episodes? What happened? Okay. He's, he's searching for the, for the people, for the dude who ran the, the runs the games because he won Revenge. Right, right. For all the people that he killed and stuff. Right. The police officer. Remember the detective? Yeah. He quit being the detective and he went back to, he went to the regular force and he's been so, he So he's just a police? Yeah, but he's been going out every morning Emini here like every weekend. So with fisherman trying to find the island that he got washed up on. Oh, so they, so he could find an island where the games was being helped. So It, so it's better for him to just be a regular police, right?


Yeah. Okay. Because he have no evidence that he, and it's been, it was messed up his life and stuff. So he had no evidence that anything happened so they really got away with it. And the main character, he been using all his money hiring, you know the dudes he owed money to. Yeah. So all the money that he won, he just been using it to Yeah. You know the Deuce he owed money to? Yeah, he hired them. They work for him now. They, they been helping. They been helping try to find a dude. Remember the dude, you remember the dude who he played the game with in the Yeah. So Way. Yeah, they been trying, he been trying to find him the whole, so that's how the first episode, I ain't gonna say nothing. That's how the first episode. That sounds interesting. I wish you had told me that before. It's ing it's interesting. That's how the first one started out. So, Because I was gonna start last night, but I fuck around and got drunk. I'm not gonna lie.


Yeah, I, I I looked at the first three episodes, then I fell asleep. So how Many episodes? 'cause they dropped off. Seven. Seven, seven. I think I seen now on I'm gonna try the binge watch that. Huh? We Talking about it next week. Fuck it. Let's go. I'm down. Creature Commandos. I watch that Finally. Not the ladies episode though. Oh come on Man. You gotta take your headphones off. I talk about it a little bit. You can talk about it. I, I call up on one episode And I bitch all the memes of the fish lady. Everybody horny for the Fish Lady for some reason. I don't understand why I don't give either. I don't understand why. It's Weird. You see the GI Robot episode? No. What Gi Robot episode. Which episode? The one where he killed because the, he had got bought by that memory. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah.


Okay. Okay. Yeah. So, so gi this is what happened. So GI Robot gets bought by, this is his basic origin story. This episode, he gets bought by this memorabilia guy while they're also going through a story of like his life where he was fighting an war against the Nazis and stuff. Right. Turns out the memo memorabilia guy ends up taking him to a meeting. The meeting is a neo-Nazi meeting and it's a neo-Nazi sign in the back. And all this nigga GI robot been talking about since this whole show started was is the Nazis, can I kill the Nazis Nazi where the Nazis at? And then he sees that swastika and goes, bro goes hell, I think he killed like 27 people.


Shit. Yeah. And then the Weasel one was sad too. Go ahead. Logic. Yeah, go ahead. You talk about it or I'm just gonna finish my week. You inspired me. You know what? I gotta check that out now That, that, that inspired me. I gotta check it it out. It's Been straight so far. Yeah. Y'all know I don't watch shit. Dang, what was I about to say? I lost my train of thought. I don't remember what else. Anyways, that was, that was, that was my week. Oh yeah. I, I caught back up. I I been watched Chicago Fire and Chicago pd so I caught, I caught back up on them too, just to be honest. It's, It's crazy how popular those shows The good those shows Are because it give you that because I, I grew up in a, in the era of New York Undercover.


Remember that back in the day? Yeah. My Just looking at, so I just, I saw anything Dick Wolf on, I just look at him automatically. Crazy Man name, crazy name by the way. But he Does real name Richard Real name Richard Dick. It hit harder. Why? Why? Why is Richard, why is Dick short for Richard? Like I have no idea to This thing. I still do not know Dude, we start naming our pieces Dick, Why is Billy Harford? Why is Billy south of William? Yeah, I don't know that either. Ain't no B'S in there. It's Billy, bill William. Yeah. I think that's what I don dunno if it's like a German thing or some shit like, you know how like nah because then it'll be Bill, it'd be a B.


Yeah. I don know I Don America. I don know America. The English language is weird. We just add extra letters for no reason. We just, it make me mad. Hey, nah. German niggas do that shit bad. It'd be like Noli. We a, we a German language, so. Oh God. That's why it's so dumb. They let us just be wild at times type shit. That shit don't even sound like that. I be like, you know what, fuck, let's just go, We all are Germanic language. Us in the like the north, the nor the north people like Denmark and all that stuff. That's like one of my shits here. We all came from. Yeah, we all came from the same language tree. I want y'all to learn Dutch. Oh Dutch sound hard to learn Because it's like, they was like, you learn Dutch, you can almost basically just speak German.


It's like the, it is like the gateway drug in Learn in Germany. I wanna learn some European shit. You know what Emini here, I can't go out like Denzel on training day a Russian done said some random shit to him and he done lost his shit. But all he was doing was asking him what a bathroom was at. Is that really what happened? No, but Oh, because I, because that part was, I was kind of vague to me. No he did. No, it was like one of them. I forgot this. No, because that was the point of the movie. It was like, Yeah, but that point was always vague. He was working with the Russians. Some shit happened. He ended up Merk the Russian. He was working with it. Pissed off all the Russians. We still don't know what exactly happened. Yeah. And that's what I that's good storytelling.


Like sometimes I hate when like some sometimes just leave it at that. That's like what happened in Red Dead too. Everybody know what happened in black water, but do you know exactly what happened in black water? No. Yeah. Is all you got for your wiki life? Sonic three was great. I thought we was, I thought just By the way, can y'all just F y'all wanna spoiler alert that one just for the first because I'm gonna see if You like, if you like Sonic Adventure too, you'll you'll love this movie. Steph's throwing that out. Yeah, I sure will. I sure will. I glazed off. Fuck out that movie. It it's the best one of the Trilogy. It's spitting on the balls in there.


The final act was good though. I ain't even lie actually. So can we can, can we make I'm bitch we got, we got, we got other stuff on the show to do. We'll that nigga, we just spent like 20 minutes saying what the fuck we gonna do for the, And I could get spoiled if I want God damnit y'all, you know, fuck. All right. Ain't we about time for Wait, everybody did that shit ain't about time for it. Well niggas, I still gotta do my, I still gotta do my week or Hey, hey. A, your snacks A your snacks A your snacks a snacks, Snacks. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm You Ready? You ready? You are you ready? No. Come on. How Was your week?


I you fuck you Tony. That's all I Why you throw up gay? So this Speak your damn week. Snakes. I'm mad. My Week was good. Tony took my kill. I ain't got much. My week was good. I have a toothache, so that's terrible. I hate that. And, and it sucks. It your wisdom teeth. No, it's, it's a cavity I think because I can feel the teeth and like half of it's gone. So I'm like, Hey, y'all got wisdom teeth now. I, I got two. I got, I still got all mine I need to do. So that mo mine, the only reason you can take them out if they're paying for, if they grow in wrong.


Yeah. Remember when I had the cysts in my shit And I had like the Minecraft jaw? Yeah, that was like the last time just Minecraft. But yeah, I deal with that. It sucks. I gotta go dinner one day. Yeah. Creature Commando's most recent episode. Emini here. Like I said, the show's doing good. What I was about to say about the Weasel episode? The weasel episode was super, super sad because we always know the story about him that he killed 28 kids. Like he's this horrible thing. But they actually go into depth, in depth about it. And they tell you what happened. He was basically, he down the orphanage almost. Almost. Oh, You were very close. You're very close.


He, he basically stays in like abandoned area and Oh that's sad. He was playing with some kids. The kids loved playing with him. He played with the kids a lot. And then one of the kids found in the old school, he's like, oh look at the school, the school's open. So they went inside the school and they was playing inside the school. You Making so bad right now? Oh, oh yeah. Oh no. Keep, no nah, keep going. Nah, I need this. Give it to me. I need, So they were playing. So, So they're playing inside the school and then I should start playing with flammable stuff and then it's, oh well before while they're playing outside though, this old man sees weasel on some racist shit. He's like, oh, he shouldn't be here. Like he's gonna hurt the kids. So he starts following them. Oh, one of them suspicious ass.


Why he playing with the Kids? Yeah. One of the old. Yeah, he went and so the Weasel in school think he weird. Yeah. The weasels in school playing with the kids and then the dude walks in, he thinks he's going doing something to the kids while he also called the police. He shoots at the Weasel. Then he didn't misses and hits like a tank and the school explodes and it kills the kids in there. Like you act Bro. James Gun did his thing on them because like you see the kids getting fucked up by the explosion. One of the kids like you looking the kids in the eye as he dies. Oh, you Getting that? So you getting traumatized and, And he put some trauma in this, but it didn't weasel, tries to save the little girl. There's one little girl that's still alive.


He tries to save her police shows up and they see him. Same thing. They think he's a threat. Oh, while this nigga is carrying the girl police is shooting at her, shooting at him, like hitting him with bullets and everything. He's trying to get out school, he trying to save a police shooting. Like, oh no, it's a threat. Stuff like that. Then the girl ends up dying too. They end up arresting him. They said that. He said that he murdered all of those kids. Did, did Every It killed everybody. Yeah, but he didn't, I understand it didn't now, but he has a psychiatrist that works with him that's trying to plead his case. Trying to make sure he's innocent. But so she believe His story type shit. Yeah. Oh, he can't talk. He can't talk. So he can't say. Oh yeah. So he's mo fucked up. Yeah, that's what the, that's what the messed up thing about.


He can't talk so he can't tell them what's going on or like what happened. But yeah, so we is not everybody thought he was like a piece of crap, but he's, he's really not. He actually personally Didn't. I know that. That's why I was like, damn, for real. And now in the last episode that came on, Rick Flagg is, I'm gonna be quick with this one so we can go into the break. Rick Flagg is basically trying to stop them from killing the princess because the creature corpsman has been sent to kill the princess. I gotta go see the episode. I'm not gonna give too much away of why they've been sent to kill the Princess, but I know it's this one crazy scene where a, where a radioactive dude kills a guy just by in the back. He's sitting in the back seat, he sticks his hands through the seat like he burns his head through the seat, burn his head through the dude head.


Crazy work and they get in the shootout. It it is a good episode. So y'all just go check it out. We're gonna talk about more about it next week. We're gonna go to a quick break. But when we come back, most anticipated moves are 2025 after this


Peace to the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now T has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks I immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Peace to the planet, Charlemagne to Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about the light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right. S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it off, get your tickets now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


And we are back. Dre's dying. Fuck you. And we're, oh my toe, I hit the big toe. So 2025 is gonna be home to a lot of good movies that we're waiting on, especially a lot of good superhero movies that we've been waiting on. We've been wanting to see and Variety has compiled a list of the most anticipated movies of 2025. We're gonna start out with the top of the list and and then we're gonna head out, make our way down. Starting out at the very top we have Wolfman List is already invalid. Wait, who? Man ain't number one. The list is invalid. Oh well no this is not number one.


This is like the end. Why you say you gonna start at the top? I'm gonna make you, I thought well at the bottom. At the bottom You Did, you did Say that. Yep. Alright. At the bottom. Make it way that's, that's literally dyslexia. And we're gonna start at the bottom and make our way to the top. Wolfman Wolfman, I don know what that is. What's Wolfman lay About? Say who is this Lay Whale Wane new horror movie is set in a remote farmhouse where a small family Charlotte played by Julia Gardner and her husband played by Christopher Abbott and their young daughter Ginger, played by Matilda Fur. Don't know who, none of them people are still with. Julia Gardner Appreciate I I was, I was thinking the same shit but okay, keep going. It might be interesting. Let's go. Or attacked by a strange monster As they discovered Blake has been infected, he begins to transform into something unrecognizable.


The story is a new take on the classic universal monster film. Of course they appeared in 1941. The Wolfman, I dunno, I'm kind of interested in that. I'm not just sound like Teen Wolf is Is that like Yeah is that like a the redoing the monsters Rights? Yeah. Yeah, that's, that's what it is. Because I can say like we ain't just had I we ain't just had like a good hard ass p like werewolf movie in a minute. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like cool werewolf. It's been real teen Wolfy. Like we need some like underworld werewolves. Last cool werewolf we had last cool werewolf we had was Jacob from, from Nah, Hell nah. The last cool werewolf nigga we had was C from the originals.


Klaus Klaus is the last cool werewolf and he a hybrid A tribe. Yeah, he is about three. Yeah. That nigga, that nigga's a mixed breed like a motherfucker. He's like the last cool werewolf. I can just be like, I can stand behind this guy. He's nah. And the nigga from Harry Potter. Okay, so that's coming out January 17. Next up on the list we have Captain America. Brave New World. I'm, I'm excited for This. Me too. This one is gonna just 'cause it look like they taking some storylines from the series. Yeah. On Netflix. It seems like it's continuing something in that world. So it makes sense. It actually makes sense. Some of the people who didn't see the series might be confused.


Like they see Isaiah, they ain't know who Isaiah is. It's gonna fuck them up type shit. Yeah. It's like I'm with it but I'm still skeptical 'cause I know it had like, what, two two, like it had a few reshoot and shit. So I'm now like, I wish I had to change. Well Emini here they had the, they're changing their whole story. Right? Right. Yeah. Damn near I'm, I'm kind, I'm kind of worried about the Red Hawk store line. I'm being honest. I'm gonna be honest. That seems outta place to me. It seems very tacked On. Just seems tacked on. Yes. It just seems out place the president stuff. I understand that. But the Redhawks stuff just seems out place because, Because the president doesn't turn into Redhawk. The general does in the Comma books. Yeah, yeah. General. General Thunderbolt. So unless He's the same person but he the President and Oh p okay.


Emini here. I think they'll figure it out then. I I'm not mad at that too much. I just, I just don't, I just don't like him in a, in a You gotta Captain America movie. Yeah. You gotta make, one thing is you gotta make it make sense man. I understand it because Redhawk was a hella military dude. So Emini here and comes to America's military movie Donna. Yeah. Yeah. So you Right. It is a military movie. It's a lot. All the stuff we see so far in the trailers has been military focused. Fighting jets, Navy ships and stuff. It's all been war Focused. But alright, this is what they said. The, and of course this is Anthony Mackey's first solo film as Captain America. This new take on Marvel first. Come on. Papa dot.


papa.name his name. It's Claire. It's Klan's family. Have real lovely marriage Directed by Julius Oai. Never heard of him. Oh. Mark's the first Captain America film since Chris Evans departure. This sounds Wilson's Anthony Mackey, this Sam Wilson's turn to this is Sam Wilson's turn to live up the name as he finds himself in the midst of to international Live up live. I don't know. I say live. Live up to the dyslexia. Live up to the name as he finds himself in the midst of an international debacle having to protect the president Harrison Ford who also happens to be Redhawk among the ca Rosa Salazar as Diamondback and Liv Taylor.


As Betty Ross. Who's Betty Ross Thunder? Bo Ross Daughter. Oh, okay. Yeah. Okay. I had to, I had a brain fart. So yeah, that comes out February 14th. It's gonna be the first superhero movie of the year. Yeah. I can't Remember. Oh, it come out He's birthday Valentine's Day y brother. Y'all little brother was born on Valentine's. Yep. Yep. That nigga, he a light skinned nigga son's more light, light-skinned shit of him. They shout out to that nigga because I swear to God, he remind me of my little brother when he was fat before puberty hit. That shit is slurs. Yeah. Alright. Up next on the list. Another one coming out February 14th. I think this is just more for the kids padding and Peru. Wait, You ain't fuck with Paddington man?


Nah, I wouldn't have, I wasn't have packing the dude either. Yeah. He too British for me. That's that's a British, that's a British coated show. It's too British. Yeah, I I that's Louisiana thing type shot because we fuck with British shit. I don't, I think it's the French shit kind of stuff. Yeah, it has to be. I don't fuck with, fuck with Only Bear I fuck with is Winnie Pooh. That's just No it with the Bernstein Bears and Patton Nigga and Curious Joe. I didn't even like, I ain't even like the Bernstein bes book. Emini here show. I just like the books when I was yo young books. I don not like the show though. Yeah, I did not fuck with the show. You right, you're right. But yeah, Paddington and fucking Bernstein Bell's books. My shit that's pink. Them patan books them them Paddington books looked so boring and dry.


Never wa I never picked up one of the books at the library. J Teach they teach you big words. It was, I Don, I Bernstein bears. I I got all them books. I used to get, I got a fine from the library for all the books. I had that idea Return. Hey they fuck anybody. You universe B ass niggas that say Bernstein Bears Not Bernstein bears. We all know the Truth. They from the other universe. Yeah. We all know the truth. They, the universe ain't gonna change on us. So we all know this man. We noticed, we noticed that the we know stuff y'all trying to do to mess with our minds. Man. Niggas gonna say I'm high but I know what the fuck happened. Right. Sinbad Sinbad had a movie where he was a genie. I don give a fuck what nobody say. Okay. He did have a movie. He was a genie.


But people keep on confusing that with the Shack one. It is not. No. Wasn't like sh It was, it was Shazam and then it was Cousin Zam. Yeah. Yeah. It wasn't like the shackle. It was totally different. You Not finna erase that bitch from history. I don't give a fuck. Yeah. But yeah. Fuck Patton Winnie pool. Nah nigga don't. Hey fuck your soul. I We the pool win the pool man in a hundred acre wood, which is the hundred acre hood, bro. You look like the type of need that just wear a big ass shirt and no drawers. I, I do that every day. Stomach hanging out and everything. The po cheeks was just flapping in the wind bro. Which y'all don't know is next. Does not have on pants right now. Honey. This guy just, why he sitting down the hood, sir?


Oh yeah. I, I always vow with Eor. I think me and er have a good conversation. We could vibe together. Hey we like hey life ass, huh? Hell yeah. My nigga. Look at the sunset. Some shit. I don Dunno. Only person I ain't vibe with was Tigger. He, he, he could stay, he could stay on his own. I I he had too much energy for me. I can't deal with that. Tigger got a DDI ain't like him. No I need Tigger on a good drunk night. Tigger gonna help you in a bar fight and fuck up everybody. That's what he gonna learn. That nigga love Jujitsu outta nowhere. No, I don't really. I ain't really like Rabbit snitching ass either or Rabbit seem like he'd be a snitch. Rabbit. Rabbit was just boring. Nah, rabbit Rabbit the nigga when everybody getting drunk he be like, I be, I don't drink.


I'm good. Trying to act like he better than niggas because he's not drinking. I feel attacked anyways. That hit me right in my heart. I fell a Up Next. Hey no. Fuck that. You'll actually pop out though. Yeah. You don't, you don't judge people. I do. You don't judge People like you, you gonna pop out and do shit but you not, you just not gonna drink and shit. But you there. Some niggas don't even go. They'll be looking but up next on the list, this is a Robert Pat movie called Mickey 17. Heard about when he like a clone or some shit and he keep dying.


Oh yeah. Yeah I heard about that. I I wanna see that. I like a good clone movie. You know what Emini here Robert Patterson got me bro. I'm just being honest. After I've, after these movies he done been in, that's been so good. I just, I can, all his good drama movies is really good man. I just, I'm Just a Robert Paton fan. He captain Low Key in his like, I'd probably say with the last like four, five years that nigga been in this peak doing some shit. Like not, I Didn't see that coming after Twilight. 'cause Twilight was, his acting in Twilight was trash. I Not, not many niggas shook back from Twilight. Nope. Type shit like at all. Like look at everybody from Twilight and then look at them now. Oh yeah. It just, it just, him and Chriss Stewart stealing straight Valor in every movie. Shit.


All she do is steal straight valor. Every time you see her she a move with a love interest with a dude. I'm like, you don't, you don't even take Dingling no more man. Whatcha fuck. Hey that's one of them like, hey, she knew, she knew her pr she knew her role and if you trying to gimme a couple million for that, hell yeah. She gonna sit there with that black expression on her face though. She, She gonna kiss your ass so passionately knowing one showing in like dudes that's acting. So the movie Stars Robert Patterson as a space traveler. Mickey 17 and boom June ho sci-fi thriller. Anybody heard a boom June Hoes? No, But that trailer is crazy though. Yeah. If you go look crazy And I didn't understand what was happening in that trailer bro.


It was confusing. And Then they got the dude, they got Glen from Walking Dead too in that Bitch? Yeah, they got Mark Ruth Floyd in it also. It looked good. Oh, Oh, oh. What's the Glen name? Steven. Steven. Y He he's in the Christian Stewart movie. He, he her love interest. You Lying? Yes. He's he the, he the sick co-star. That new C movie. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. Since the Walking Dead, his shit has just been, Yes, he been booming. His shit, like his shit been positive. He ain't missed yet on some shit. I I, I fuck with him. So he cool Steven you straight To fit. It is. It is just basically yeah like employee is sent on a daily mission to colonize the Ice World. Nothing him. That sounds very racist.


That sound like some kind of Star Trek Planet. That sound No that sound like nor like Heim Type of thing. Yeah, yeah. Like sound like. Yeah sound Like something off of Star Wars. You know they named shit off like random ass Goly, random mythological shit at times. Oh this is like that, that TV show on Netflix that it's kind of like that. No, no it's not. It's a black, it's a Black Mirror episode that's kind like this where they call like where they call somebody and they put their ches in them and, but it's, I do, I do remember that episode. Yeah I do Remember that. But that's basically what this was about up next on the list coming out March 24th starring that girl who said a lot of stuff And I almost got canceled Snow White. Oh.


The live action version. Oh my god. We've been talking about this movie for like four years. Yeah I was Gonna cancel. Did that not Getting canceled. I thought nah Emini here. They not gonna, they not gonna Whatcha talking about Yeah they're not gonna cancel the Snow White Race. Didn't No cancel that. Yeah you can't cancel that. It's gonna fly but put it out Then the chance of frame of Lefton back a little bit. Yeah they not gonna, I just, it's like one of them I'm be honest being biased like I don't like Rachel Zla as a person but she is a good actor at times. But it's just like with this one, it's just like, you know how you give a nigga Grace. It's just like why I'm be honest Snow White, I've never been interested in Snow White. I'm honest that's my least favorite Disney. Right. It's like one of them, y'all coulda did some cool shit but it's like ah, I'm not, I'm not with no white.


It's kind of whack to me. Snow White was always boring to me. I'm and me personally, I'm over the live action adaptation and shit. Also, her story is crazy because she gotta get molested for her to life to be saved. Don't say that. No, no the Kiss, the Kiss is not, the Kiss Is not. Oh no. How old the is not How old Were they? That's that's Sleeping Beauty bro. She had to get Kissed too. Had to get Kiss Too. No she didn't. She and shit. Oh nevermind then I take that back. Edit that out Tony. Bro. Wrong. No, I know he's not gonna edit it out. I was just saying oh my God I come to think of a sleepy Beauty is boring too. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


No, the only thing was cooler. Wait, male Maleficent Sleeping Beauty? No that's, wait, No Maleficent is Snow White. That's Snow White Stepmother. Yeah, actually Gail Gata is playing the evil queen male male was Act was good. I I agree With you. I enjoyed Maleficent type shit. Yeah, yeah. Jolene male. It Nah, it's funny because the only male like, I ain't gonna lie. Like when it come to, I remember Cinderella kind of Snow White. What it is? You remember when Mickey Mouse had the magician outfit? What was that fan? Fantasia. Ah. Alright. So funny shit. All right. I feel bad saying it like this. The only light I can just like call, like in my head from a living syn is Kingdom Heart and Angel Movie.


You ain't Right. Emini here only two. That kind of counted my life. I think the movie not gonna do good 'cause they mad about the Midt in it. They saying that they No, no, it ain't even that no more. It's just like Rachel's, it's like, you know how every talking about like when people, it is like you could get the good person to be the role but then they go out and say just really stupid shit and make people not wanna watch it. That's what I talking about. Like when I talk about like games and shit, when niggas just like attack gamers and then like they get mad because nobody that you attacked went to go see it. Yeah. It's like ah. And it's like Disney. Have you not learned your lesson yet? Old man you can't do that. It don't work. I'm gonna watch it. So hate watch it though.


A little bit. All I have no interest In STO White. Move on to the next Sinners. I'm gonna move through this. Oh yes. Michael Sinner. Yeah, by Michael B. Jordan. It's the plays twin brother. Ryan Kugel is horrible. You, You could tell Jonathan Majors was to Be in that movie. Oh yeah, I did. I did. You Could tell. I could tell. Like yes. You could tell he supposed to be in that movie. They were Like, who? Alright, who's the next best? We got type shit. It look interesting though. I like, I like them. I like random depression movies. You know what Emini here, gimme gimme Vampires And I in time, I time vampires evolves Emini here. Anytime they go before like the fifties and shit where it was like, hey, nobody's racist, but we are racist times when you can still build a house.


The red like own some shit. Lemme go Find me some land somewhere. Own some. You might have to run into some crazy niggas that don't like that you built a farm right here. But you can deal with life. You might gotta deal with a sandstorm or some shit. Next up on the list, we have Thunderbolts coming out May 2nd. Marvel's new anti-hero story. Follow a group of villains recruited to you. Work for the US Go. As we know U Us Go isn't not the US government for Hydra, but I guess it's US government. No, it's US Government. The government. Okay. The new accident Star Pack film comes from Director Jake Square featuring Florence Pugh as a black widow. Ena Belova.


Sebastian stands Bucky Barnes, David Harbaugh as Alex Shasta. Alright. Playing Red Guardian Sound. Yeah. Red Guardian said Sta Louis Pullman and Robert Reynolds. Robert Reynolds. Wait, I'm about say wait for Real. Oh, oh, oh, no, no, no. Louis Pullman and Robert Reynolds. Oh, Okay. Why Russell as John Walker and Julia Lewis. Dreyfus as UI like Julia Lewis Dreyfus Ju as a no. What the fuck is this? Wait, did you just GL   or No, this, this uncle's stupid. It say Julia Lewis Dreyfus as a USA agent, but yeah, she's an agent. Oh, okay. All right. I'm getting fucking few. I thought she meant as dyslexia.


Nah, she's an agent. But, but yeah. I like Julie Dreyfuss as, as Lady Hodra. She's, she plays that role very well. She Ain't did a lot, but every time she come in it's kind of cool. Yeah, she kind of give me the same vibes that Davis gives me. With, with Amanda Waller. No, first. A little bit more, a little bit more comical with, with, with Her and on and on. That it is like she like evil Nick Fury. Yeah. Yeah. I Some shit like, you know, with like the MCU, like how Nick Fury got the advantage. She doing that with evil people. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I like that. We gotta go to a quick break. We come back, we gonna continue the anticipated movies list of 2025.


After this,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technology can't prevent all collisions or warn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's up? It's Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and SS a Yes. You heard me right SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com And we are back. So next up on list of 2025 most anticipated movies we have coming out May 23rd, another installment to the mission Possible franchise, the final reckoning. Hopefully this is the last one I Show. I say wait, ain't it like 10 now. Yeah, They in fasting, the furious numbers ain't It? Yeah, I think this maybe like the seventh. See? Well Tom Cruise is the one who pays for 'em all, bro. He Don't care Like he doing this for him. This, this for him. Now this, this, this is the one where he remember y'all, he was yelling at them people in Covid because they wouldn't have their mask on. Is that this one? The last one? Yeah. I thought that one Ben came out. No, that's the one. This, this one he was yelling people in.


No, that was the last one I could one. That was the last, the last one was the here. Oh no, yeah, it was the last one. Nevermind. The last one came out in 2023. Yep. I'm thinking the last one was the Hearing Cowboy. Wait, was that, was That last one like a part one or some shit? Yeah. Okay. All right. Yeah. Okay, I see. Yeah. All right. Be because I did see, I did see the part one, then there was just like Covid hit. So we never got part two for A minute. They bringing back their original cast in it and it should be coming out in May 23rd. Bing Range has to get his one check a year from Tom Cruise. Yeah, It's what he does baby. Well, up next, another one I I, this is only probably the only live action Disney movie I'm gonna wanna see.


Other than that And, and Moana, Lilo and Stitch is coming out May 23rd. Yeah. Blue punch Peggy. Yeah. Yeah. And I can't wait to see what, what, what you about to say. Oh nah. I was just like, yeah, I better get, I better get live action Hawaii. Hawaii rollercoaster ride, bro. I get No, I remember that angle when she was on the surfboard. Yeah, I need That. Oh, Nana ain't think like that no more. Dre. That's unrealistic. We can't, we ain't gonna able to find a Hawaiian chick like that. We All got our vices ku, we all They did they fine. Nah, not, not, not like none. Ain't none is unrealistic for anybody to be built like that.


Come on. Be honest bro. I know a couple, Hey there's a game called Stella Blade. I said the same thing. Then I saw all the voice s And I was like oh my god. And that's an Asian bitch. So that's even more wild. That don't even happen. Let just, let Just say it's a lot of enhancements going on with that. So I'm just being honest. It's a lot of enhancements going on with that. It's doable. What enhancements? You gotta get boob jobs and stuff. Yeah, You do. They can't BBLs. Nah, with that, with that one year and a half in Dallas it's there. It's there. Next shop we got June 6th. This one is the John w spinoff ballerina.


I'm down for that one. Yeah I do actually I I, I do wanna see that. That sounds like it's gonna go hard. I'm down for that one because I randomly read the comic books And I didn't know like all this shit was canning because that's kind where this shit spin off wrong. You know how you went to go see the Russian lady and Shit? Yeah, yep. Yeah it go back to that And I was like, oh dad did. But they actually did do a one off comic explaining it And I was like okay y'all deep, deep off in this. It's kind of like the black widows of the like John Wick universe. I'm here for it. That shit looked cool. Then John Wick popped up randomly like I got mad behind a dog. Are you okay? The in the trailer, the way she was fighting, I'm already right because I like the way she fighting it.


It's different from John Wick kind of fighting. She using up, she like she's not strong like John Wick. She use up, She's smaller. Yeah, she more agile. She like if hey snacks, you remember when they, when you ever got like moed by a cat, you just kind her like a mother. That's how she fight. Wha she was running through some shit. Fuck C Cage. No I'm not. Shout out to my daughter. Alright. Strong single cat Dad. Last three on the list. We have Jurassic World Rebirth And don't care. I got sick Jurassic World after you're doing another one. Yeah, you're Right. I don't why is That? The one with old girl turns into dog so I know nowhere on the, in the trailer. Okay. Nah. That pissed me off when it was like, wait, so this bitch is like what She got Got where The little girl got Dinosaur DNA in her And I'm like for wait all.


Oh, where did this series go? What Tony? You know I like some science shit but what? Oh okay. Jurassic World Dominion was actually pretty decent. Like it actually had, it was good. Yeah it was Good. Dragging it. They dragging it. Yeah. It just that moment like it's like Bra you should have just did ain't this like the fourth one. Yeah And they changed out the casting. This one they don't, they have Scarlet Johansson and Jonathan Bailey as the Lee Rose instead of Chris. What's the wait instead of Star and yeah. Yeah. So is This like the first time squad Joe Hasson just been in anything since the event? I think so. I haven't wait. Well no Emini here. When did Lucy come out?


I forgot About that. That was, That was and the last two on the list. Superman of course come out July 11. Superman. Yes. I can't wait. Superman. Hey if y'all wanna just take a nigga out for his birthday type shit. No homo, pause Emini here. You know my, my birthday like two days. Alright, We all gotta go see it. I go to Dallas for that. I Nicholas, I hope Nicholas hope gets swollen over the years. Hey a Michael, if you go, if you go I'll address the Superman. I'm gonna get the pad at window because you know I'm skinny. Yeah, You gotta get the muscles in that. I gotta get The muscle Sw bro.


And he is not sw that's all. That's Why I wish I would've did Blacklist, loose Blacklist And I still, I still can't get with the costume. But yeah, I'm interested. Next up we have fantastic four First Steps. I am, I am not more interested in Fat Text before the Superman. Yes. I'm more interested Next. Which is crazy to say. Yeah. Next year. But it's coming, comes out like a week before it come out, out a week after. No, two weeks after Superman coming July 20. So finna be stressful. Yeah, it is more coming out that year. You got Freaky Friday the Bride, which is a Frankenstein movie. Michael Jackson biopic is coming out also October 3rd Tron. If you wanna read the full list it's, it is on variety.com.


Up next we going to the Dojo. Dre what you got? How many Fucking Michael Jackson biopic my dad? That's, That's the first one Ain't I was gonna say do we? No it what Michael Jackson American Dream. Boy It nigga when they got their ass beat. Damn. Damn. That's the best one. The American Dream bro. And Then the one we don't talk about with Stretch is Michael Jackson. You mean Flex Flex was Alexander. You Know like that, that happened. That wasn't a fever dream that happened. It's a few Michael Jackson goddamn movies but alright. Going into the judges. So randomly I had, y'all know, I'm kind of a, a movie ass nigga, but I like to go back to sometimes to the movies that motivated me as a child. Emini here, not motivated.


I can't use that when it motivated me as a child. But it kind of grew. So it is like how I look at movies when it comes to cinematography and shit before college and shit. But I went back and watched a classical cult classic movie about a gang of young reference just trying to make it back home by the name of the Warriors. And just going back and looking at it, oh my God, that movie is so ignorant and of its time to where you can never remake that movie. Especially how New York is now. So you can, like, this is one of those just great moments and times of a movie where it's like, this is like peak ignorance, cinematography where everybody's broke but it looks really good. And this is like pre gang members Dre.


So this is just me looking at a gang of niggas just trying to make it back home after a nigga got shot and everybody blamed them for it. But if you've never seen The Warriors, it's free on Amazon. Go check it out. It's a great ass movie on some great peak late seventies cinematography great ass movie and shout out to Rockstar when they actually cared about other games because they remade the game like the movie into a game. Still one of like rock stars top shit. So I don't care what nobody says, like in the mid, you know how it was like when they, when they did the GTA trilogy and it was their brief like what, six years before like GTA five they came out with hits, but shout out to the Warriors.


Dennis felt a great movie. I was watching it today and it kind of just hit me in the heart, so I just thought I had mentioned it. But all let's go next two. The Best of Class goddamn me. It's been, it's been like a week or two. So I was like, let's go ahead and start back up. And this year we in the 20 damn. 20 or three, 2003. I had to keep it going since I said 20 I fucked up but all right, let's get it. First one I see already hit me in the fields because this is when I learned how to dual life. Say this is like the beginning of me, like becoming a dual any game when I play A-R-P-G-I use two If if it's like medieval shit or fantasy, I, I'm a dual will than anything.


I'm going to use two nicer of the old Republic. Reving is one of the goats. Even though like Disney did, they should have made 'em none. Canon probably one of the greatest Star Wars games made. I'm standing on it either Dick, if you don't like it, reving got it. Next up I would. I can long. All right, so everybody know, some of y'all know I longboard and shit, so I hate skateboards. I'm not really a skateboard dude, but I would longboard and cruise and just listen to music and Tony Haw underground dropped off some in 2003. Golded Golded. But yeah, the, the thug era of Tony Hawk was when she, it got KI feel like the Tony Hawk underground was like, you know how everybody's like famous skateboard dudes, but Tony Hall underground was like for the dudes that was just skateboarding around they city, like you're not famous at all.


Like that's how it's like, oh this is how like all the greats ended up getting to where they, they just do some really crazy like crazy stunts on skateboards. I feel like Tony Hall underground kind of captured that. Yep. Next up the beginning of like, ah, I hate, all right, I in a good way. This is the beginning or the end right here. Call of Duty came out in 2003. Oh that's the best one. The first, oh that's when you, that's when you the, you could play either you, you play either British, the Americans and the Russians. The Russians and Alli German. It's 44 and 1945 I think. Wait, wait that was, that's the one where you started off on D-Day ain't it? And you had 1944. Yeah, 19 44, 19 45.


I thought that was Medal of Honor. No, that I thought that No metal Medal of Honor did it too. 1940 of duty did it First Medal of Honor did it better type this Is this, is this happy 'cause this is the end of the war. This is the game take place around the end when the war about to end and stuff. All the assaults you do on the Germans and stuff. So you play as the Americans, the British and the Russians. Yep. Emini here I'm playing this game. But that's classic. That was like, and this is like peak PS two era type shit. 'cause if you all know we did two, like 2001 was like when PS two dropped. I'll say that era from oh three to oh five, that was PS two dropping they dick on the table on some shit. But next up we got Silent Hill three, which was like, I felt like that was Kana getting back to late horror a little bit because it was like everybody knew like it was Silent Hill one and then two which just had a remaster was an entirely different game.


Then Silent Hill three went back as a continuation to Silent Hill one. If y'all ever seen those rant, you know funny shit like shout out to the Silent Hill movies because like they went smooth off the railings with Lo but as a video game adaptation, they were really still enjoyable. I can say that out of a lot of them. That was, it was just a fun movie. You know what Emini here but Silent Hill three drop Next up one of my favorite game cube games and he made it to PS two. Beautiful Joe. Yes sir. Why the fuck have we not got the next beautiful show yet? That catch phrase has had a choke hold in my life since it came out. Hinting a go go baby Baby.


I love that game man. Beautiful. Joe was like one of my first like when you could just manipulate time games, you know how stuff go cool slow mode. It was like, you know, that's like when we first realized what bullet time was and then like I feel like that's when like people realized hey we can pick this in games and beautiful Joe just took that and just lost they minds. Next up we got probably I'll say when it comes to GTA clones, there's kind only two that I acknowledge Saints were, but there's one other people forget just off the fact they never continued and it's true Crime streets of LA because de and you could also play a Snoop Dogg but that was like one of the randoms like funnest GTA clones besides I think like last time it was dead to writes.


That was like them trying to figure it up. Okay this true crime was lit since RO got weird like later on didn't it? Like it was like Yeah It was them basically trying to like okay we're just not a GTA claw. Yeah, Yeah. Well they couldn't compete. Right, Right. It was like Try to do their own thing. Right. So there's it is because you realize you're never gonna be gt a win. You have the Houser brothers. I know we're not on that but the, on the topic of Saints Row, GTA Emini here, saints Row three was probably the perfect like middle ground. It was ridiculous. It worked but it was still like serious. It made sense overall. It didn't get like super alien, super hot technology Four went off somewhere Right Boy and then Johnny Gatt went to hell.


It was like a lot. It was a lot. But next up, this is probably probably like peak racing game for me. Like when I was there completely need for speed underground dropped in oh three and this is like right after Tokyo Drift. So you, nah, this was like as a too fast, too furious. This is like, so this is like the era of like I'm not even a tuner car person. I'm a muscle car and truck person. But need for Speed Underground was like one of them. I don't really care about Hondas and Nissans and shit Need for speed kind of just made me be like, okay, these are actually cute. I like it. That's neat. I love Need for speed. That's another golden game that I like. Like To this day that's it. I know we getting like one of the, I know we got like High Pursuit Underground is the one they need to, but I know after Soul Effect how like, like we never get an underground because of licensing problems and shit.


Like you know how we'll never get another Midnight Club going to the next Midnight club too. Also Rock Golden It. That's where you could go to like Tokyo, France, all that. But it is like the thing that killed me, like I had to learn like with like racing games like this because I'd probably say Grant charisma, the only ones got their shit like on Blacklock it is like when you lose, when you use like certain tires, like certain brands like the dub edition there, we'll never get a dub edition because dub does not exist anymore. Dang. I don this more. They Don't do Emini here. They still there but it's like one of them like you not finna like licensing wise, you not like, Oh yeah, I know.


Yeah, it Just don't work like that no more type shit. So like picture, like every type of tire they use in the game, those are real people. You have to pay them to use their shit. You know what Emini here. So it's like that's, that's like what like Def Jam, like that's like the Def Jam vendetta games. We cannot get them no more because the way like contracts and shit is set up. It just don't work licensing wise. So people gonna have to be paid for the rest of their lives. You know what Emini here, that's why EA Big had to shut down with shit like that on some monetarily on some monetary type shit. But yeah, goed Racing games, midnight Club and need for Speed underground. 'cause that's one of those if you a car enthusiasts.


Yeah and you just editing your car and you just look at all the type of brands and stuff like, it's like, ah, a lot of them brands don't exist anymore. Like it is like, it's like one of those what it is like that is a error. And we needed, we needed new needs for speed too. We got it. What? When I'd say Unbound was like the last one we got and them trying to go back to that a little bit, but they made it kind of cartoon. I didn't, it was cool but I didn't like it. But overall, like with them like car wise, like noticing like certain shits they kind of took, it is like one of, they took, they took from the Midnight Club formula but they still hadn't even speed because you know need for speed and grants charisma, technical as hell when it comes to cost.


Like they care about that. Oh yeah, it did come out And except Rocket was randomly in it, which is cool, you know, random, you know like random cool shit. Next up I swear this is probably like peak me. I know I don't play sports games but this is like peaked me when I was actually a sports nigga and it's always funny 'cause this is one of the covers that like made me believe in the Madden person man. Man oh three was the Michael V here And then you're After. Oh when you could just run him down the field. You don't have to like, you Could score a fucking touchdown When he was a C Code. Yep. Yeah. But yeah, my buddy Used to do that all the time, bro, Bro. Brad, the Michael Vick deer was wild and It's like three years after he got popped for the dog fighting.


Exactly. Foreshadowing like, you know what Emini here, that's why the Mad Curse Real, it's like the Michael Vick here and the Donovan McNabb year on Madden. It's like, and Hey for the off. People are still mad at him. White people are still mad at him For the shit. Yeah. For like really mad at him because You know he just got signed to fuck what college that ah, he a coach at a college now. Like Norfolk. Yeah, yeah. Norfolk now. And niggas are mad. Well crackers are mad. Yeah. And I'm just like, bruh, y'all acting like he doesn't just pull some super, he Literally, he was fighting Dogs Like when I was training, when I used to training for animal control, he literally in almost every single training class in every single training class video because he had to do it for this community service.


Yeah. Because That was, that was part of the shit he had to do that. And it, it's just wild. He had to volunteer for Peter. He'd do a lot. He paid his debt, leave him the fuck alone. Like Jesus. And I'm an animal lover. Leave him alone. And I've prosecuted dog fighting cases before. Leave him alone man. He, they got gotta leave bro. Let it go. He paid his due. That's like, bitch is still mad at Chris Brown for No, it's like, yeah, Niggas dog fighting cases don't even barely get jail time. Like you, the most you can get off of dog fighting cases is two years. If the government don't care that much about it, let it go because Yeah. Actually got more, I I'm branding because this is just one thing I I, my man, he had actually got more backlash from the stuff that he, he wasn't even really that much involved with the dog fighting.


Like he had got more backlash for it than the people who actually been doing like the dog fighting cases. Most people get like fines and shit. They don't have to do community service, they don't have to go to jail or nothing like that. This, these dude was like, made an example of, and they still mad at him. Leave Michael Vick alone. Hashtag leave Michael Vick alone. Hey, if you wanna come on. I feel hey we Yeah Michael. Yeah bro, on I'm, I'm gonna ask you about the dog fighting but still like That. And I gotta ask be real nigga, come on you a h you at A-H-B-C-U. Nah, just shit. I got some games to throw out there too for that year. Hit me with it because I still got some too Emini Here. I got, I got one before you go Tony. Alright. Only one medal of honor.


Wait, wait. Oh, That's funny. That's what we just talked, Right? No, wait. So Call of Duty and Mel came out and scene. Yeah, Japan. There was the one with Japan and Pacific and the Pacific Theater and the Pacific Theater of World War ii. So Pearl Harbor, that year, a whole bunch of World War II still came Out. That was the year of like the classical, like they went back to like, nah, in World War and shit. That's when they found out how to do shooters Right. On some shit that you had Tony. So I had an arc when I was like in middle school around there at high school. I was a competitive Mario Kart player. Double Dash. Yes sir. Mario Kart Double Dash came out that year And I would frequently go to tournaments and win Emini here.


They weren't big right? It was like $50 for first, but that was a lot for me. Okay. I was, I was a kid. Yeah. So I was, I was out there out there earning money. I was earning my keep back then. So I got my games Classic. It was the simplest time. That was good. I love it. That's my favorite. My favorite Mario car game is Double Dash Sonic Heroes came out that year. I I spent a lot, I, you know, I actually had the demo for this game before I had the game because I got it in one of game was in a magazine. In a magazine. Yep. Yep, Yep. I sure did. I played, I remember that. The hell outta that demo. I think I could play that, that stage by memory.


And then the worst de cried, de cried two came out that year. Wait what? I forgot what he said when Oh Girl died And I just like was like That was, that was at, that was that was three. That was That was three. Yeah that was, Oh shit. The craziest cringe line ever. You remember That? Yeah. And that haunts me at night And then the, the birth of my interest in Pixelated Women Final Fantasy ten two. I'll show about that. I was waiting on it, bro. The classic that was like when it was like, nah, we finna have a bad bitch trio. Yeah, and they and they all low peak. I remember seeing that on G four And I was like, wow, this stirs some things in me.


I don't, We're adults. We're real men Now. Money. That's all I have is a good year. Good year. We Reached the end to another excited episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. Let's go ahead and sign off Dre As always, follow your boy popcorn. The zombie I all socialists streaming a lot because I got a couple big Tony VX vash on all platforms. Eli, follow me Instagram at the Real Son Eli, follow me twi at Official son Eli. As always, appreciate all the love support. Please follow the trap in this podcast. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. Appreciate you guys. We got big things coming up for the new season, for the new year, so we can't wait to share 'em with you guys and we can't wait for you guys to see it.


Oh yeah, follow me. The same place as ex fan. PG x fan pg. It's the Trap Nurse podcast. We are out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast every Monday on the Black Effect podcast network, the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. Listen to me, this is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever. Whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about.


Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed. At t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock.


Join me Danny Trail and step into the Flames of Fright and an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission On the really no really podcast Is to get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the Bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor. What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com and Register to win $500 a guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign.


Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.