
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats.Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Good morning, Usa. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning. And it is Friday. Hopefully you having a great holidays and you enjoying your time off. If you do have time off. Today's show is about some of the Best Comedians we had up here. All right. Like when Bruce Bruce stopped through, or our favorite comedian, Darnell Rawlings or Gerard Carmichael. So today's show is all about comedians and we'll get back to it in a little bit. So don't go anywhere. Happy holidays. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's a new day. Is it your time to get it off your chest wake? Wake up. Whether you're mad or Blessed, it's Time to get up and get something.


Call up Now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? This is Dee. Hey Dee. Good morning. Good morning. I need to talk to my fellow lesbian. What's, What's up Dee? How you doing, Dee? Yes. Hi. How you doing? Now, Charlotte, big brother Almighty. What did the luxury size community do to you? The who? Community. The luxury size community. AKA. The big, The luxury size. Y'all like that? See? Oh, I love that too. We was talking about what word should we use to describe people of that are heavy? Say instead of, instead of big fans? I like luxury. Our size. Our size. Our size is a luxury because we choose food instead of drugs and bullying.


But what we do to you? Nothing. I didn't listen. Here's the thing. I didn't even know when Jess Arias was telling that story. I didn't even know the woman was a part of the big back community. I just said it sounded like big back Behavior. She, she's a nurse response sister. But here's the thing, I know more slim chicks that it got paid than us. They don't discriminate. Okay. And then on top of that, he paying her bills. He was paying her bills. Usually it's the other way around. Usually it's the big back paying the bills. LA was paying the bills. Listen, is big back really offensive. And I don't like Luxury. I, I love the luxury size. I like luxury, size food, But, but luxury just means expensive, don't it. Don't mean, yeah. Big Right now food is expensive.


It's a luxury right now. Yeah. Luxury means bigger usually. Oh yeah. In a sense. In a sense. Yep. Luxury is big. I like big, I Big back. Charlie, you, you a mental health advocate. You can't put that narrative out there. Like we just all Ed. That's not the case. I well, you, you're right. But I just said in that case it did sound like big back behavior And I was right. So is it a stereotype if it's true? I didn't know she was big. They Just don't like the term big back. But see, but luxury means extravagant living. It means opulence. I like extravagant too. Extravagant size. What about extravagant? Just means, Oh my god, all that sounds big though. Luxury. Premium. Extravagant. Premium. Yeah. Premium size. Premium. All that sounds good. Yeah. You gonna call him 93 Octane?


Like I'm Just premium back. Premium Back. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's your boy Jay from pa. Jay from pa. Good morning. From pa. Hello? Yeah. What's up Jay? You G? Yeah, I hear you. What's Going on? Get it off your chest. All right man. I just wanna let everybody know, especially the brothers out there, especially us black men. Man, go home, man. Go home. That overtime it ain't worth it. That money is not worth it, man. You gotta go home. I'm Serious bro. Like what if you, You needed? Huh? What If you needed to keep the lights on at home? Listen, listen, listen, char man, You know, listen, family is more important than anything, bro. I agree. I listen for a year straight. I was working doubles almost every day.


I almost lost my family behind this bro. And she simply told me, she was like, yo, you just simply weren't there. Damn. So that's, that's more important than anything right now. Like I'm fighting right now to get my family back, kids, wife, all that, bro. Like, and, and, And I realize like, yo, that money ain't important. Like, You know what the kids miss, they miss me being there. That's right. You feel what I'm saying? They ain't worried about that dollar bill. No. Kids don't care about how much money I'm making. They gonna remember that time I spent with them. That's if some lights get cut off, they ain't going to think about, oh, dad ain't have the money for that. They gonna think Yo dad was playing with us with the flashlight. Well, you don't want the lights to go go Home, man. But you Right. You gotta make time for your family. Absolutely. Positively. Now doing Devil's family's the most important thing's that crazy, but yeah.


Yeah. Like I'm, I'm fighting for it right now. You know what I'm saying? And, and, And I can't blame her. Like it's my fault I wasn't there. Mm. But You know, you, you can't, And I don, I don't wanna, You know, you putting a lot on yourself, but You know, as a, as a father, You know, the first thing that we think is we gotta protect and provide and provide means a lot. And especially in this crazy world where people have been losing their jobs, things have been messed up. So you just wanna make sure that you can pay for school, you can pay for activities, you can pay for your house, your car and, and all those things. So don't beat yourself up too much. But definitely You talking about activities. This brother right here, he just wanna keep some food on the table and rupo. And sadly, sometimes that's all it is. That that seems like the bare minimum. But it's really not. It's actually a whole lot. Especially what you saying when you saying that you wanna spend more time with your family, man.


So I think we gotta shift our mindset. A lot of times we think just being able to provide food and keep a roof over the head is the bare minimum. It's not. That is a lot. That's right. A whole lot not That's right. Time is more important than anything. Like That's right. I don done switched up jobs. I took a lower paying job. I'm working third shift so I could be home with them all day. Like I don't care about no money no more. I respect it. There you go. It's only them I respect it. Only them I respect it. My brother Salute to you man. And salute to being a standup man for your family brother. Absolutely. Have a good one brother. Hey, hey Char man. Can I get a book bro? Yes. Send my guy a book 'cause he don't got no money. He don't got no extra money to buy another one. Send him a book right now. Jesus, Eddie, get it. Put him on hold and get my guy's address and send him a copy of Get Honest or Die Lying right now.


That's the least I can do for you brother. I appreciate it bro. Yes Sir. Have A good one man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake Up. Wake up as this Is your time to get it off your chest. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Man, it is anonymous from Savannah, Georgia. Man, Anonymous From Georgia. You don't have to be anonymous. You're on the radio sir. You can just change your name. Whatever name you ever wanted to be. You could be right now. Well It's anonymous. Alright, Jamal. Alright. Get it off your bro. Off my chest man.


I just want tell everybody he painful man. That's a lot of people who in a work situation, you just be thankful man. And if you see somebody just be polite Though. But You know, see, see I can hear the geechee in your voice. Right. So you come from the same thing that I come from where your grandma told you man is will take you where money won't. That's right. Yes sir. But you, You know, you could've said your name, you didn't say anything crazy. You just said be thankful. Like, is that Nah, I, I I just wanna be a no. Okay. I always wanted be Man. For real. That's right. There's people out here in a very worried situation to Today. That's right. Okay Brother. You know ring.


Hello? Yeah. What's up Brad? I get it off your chest. I just straight Up over back up. Shoot. Tell your man to be quiet for a sec. My fault. My fault. Talk the morning. How y'all doing? Good, Peace King. How you Up? Everything good. So listen. Right. I wanted to get it off my chest that You know my lady man, she go through my phone when I'm sleeping and then You know, whenever I try to go through her phone when she sleeps she's sleeping with her under her pillow. Underneath her, You know? And she, she'll wake up man, stop. But the only way I could go through her phone. Stop. Stop. Why y'all don't trust each other? How about that? I don't wanna hit nothing else. Why y'all don't trust each other? That's so corny. Y'all going through each other's phone. Listen, listen. It's not even that, You know I don't, I don't do that.


You just said you do it. You just said she go through your phone and you go through her phone. Yeah, but I do that because she do it. But I'm saying I don't just randomly say I'm gonna go through a phone 'cause I will To sir. Have you cheated before? I got caught cheating In the past. Oh, there you Go. Has she got caught cheating? No. Is this Your guilty conscience? What'd you say Jeff? I said he ain't trying to get even with Her man. Knock it off. He trying to get even with me. Yo. Just knock it off. No you Knock it off. Yo. Stop going through her phone. I just told you she go through my phone when I'm Asleep. Yeah. So that means you do it too. What's the tip for tat for? He he scared 'cause it's like yo, listen, listen, why she can do go through mine when I'm sleep but I can't go through her stuff. You just scared she going to get that PPO to somebody else.


'cause you got a guilty conscience. That's all that is solo. Well you gave her a reason to 'cause you got caught cheating. Yo, listen, I appreciate you guys man. Get it off your chest. A3 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up. Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wow. The Breakfast Club. It is D-E-J-M-V, Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We have a special guest in the building. He has a Netflix specialist's out right now. You're familiar with the old written law. Love your friend and this unwritten companion hate your enemy. I'm challenging that. If you simply say hello to those who greet you, do you expect a medal?


Any run of the Mill Center does that? That's Donnell Rawlings In a word. Yes. What I'm saying is grow up Ladies and gentlemen, Donnell Rawlings. Hi Don. I love you. I love you too. I love you more. Why didn't you Read the scripture? You texted me the other day because you texted me Matthew five, five B out. Charlamagne happy Are the mild tempered since they were inherit to Earth. Mm. That's Matthew five, five mm. Welcome, welcome. How you feeling brother? I feel very mild. In fact, I'm gonna tell you this is how mild I feel. I've looked at the careers of a lot of people, right? Yes. Yes. And some of those people that are super hot, that aren't that mild, they're not doing the same thing that the mild performers are you talking about Corey?


I don't use names. I'm not talking about anybody. I mean, we could get to it. I mean it's not, listen, I had a conversation with a very close friend of mine and they said they knew I was doing The Breakfast Club, right? And they said, Darnell, don't do it. That's what that person said. Don't do. What? What? The Breakfast Club. They don't do what you, I'm not used to seeing you like this. Don't they said don't do what they're gonna try to do To look to Dave Chap. You always, They say don't do it. And the reason why they said, here's the thing, you could say, I'm giving light to somebody that doesn't deserve light. I'm giving energy and pumping up something that doesn't have to be pumped up. Now we could talk about the situation. I see that sinister, nasty, light-skinned, looked at your heaven, Sinister, nasty, Light-skinned. You look very light.


You look very like lighter than normal. Such damn like you look like Latisha, like light, like, like a white man. And the thing is, and the thing is, I know it's your business as a fake journalist, as a media personality, you have to get to the bottom of this. You have to get to what people are talking about in the streets. I don't want to do that. But we can. No, I want Talk about Your special Donna. Let's talk about special. And you want Wait, wait, wait. What's special? A new Day? No. What platform? Netflix. Netflix. Not on the YouTube. Not a podcast. Continue. What's Netflix? I'm just saying there's levels to the apples and orders. All's you That's what we do. Are you still I'm still in the top 10. That's what we call for.


People don't understand that. It looks for clicks. This is called this business of, it's called Charting. Okay. Now there are a lot of shows on Netflix. And here's when The World, not just a podcast, sees you when you chart. When my Spencer dropped on the 27th, the next day it was charted at number two. Congrats. Now No, no, no, no, no. Let's talk about it. Don't try to go to the WI don't need that. I just say congratulations. I don't want your congratulations. I wanna talk about the facts. I have a respectful Question. Yes. Did that before that I have to answer his question first. Yes. The special dropped. I didn't ask a question, right? You were, you were getting there. Okay. It it charted number two. Yes. And it held onto number two for three days. It went to number four for a couple days it went to number seven.


I'm not really sure even if it's charting right now. But to have a Netflix special to come out as many programs that are on Netflix just to get recognized in the top 10. It's a big joint. Amazing. It's a big deal. And it's the reason why I support any comic that wanna follow my lead and be mild. You should do it. Absolutely. That's what I'm saying. And to address that, here's my thing. Alright, we'll see it. I don't want to get into it. I don't want to get into it 'cause I don't want to be messy. Well, don't, no, but I No, no. I gotta say this. Can't getting into it. It's in your face. You sinister. I don't understand. This face should be like, that's the type of you are, I don't get this. But you've always been such a mild mannered comic. What is setting you off about this Situation? The thing that's setting me up about this situation is being called mild.


And I'm gonna tell you why. It's the same issue I had with you for, for a person that I gotta do with this. I'm bringing you back in when I want to. I'm gonna pray for you dear father, help this. All right, the point I'm making, what was the point? I, can you keep me on track, Jess? Yes. What is the point I was making Point that you were making why you don't like to be called a mild. The Reason why and it's, I said the issue I had with you And I said okay, just keep on trying to create the narrative that he's not funny. You don't understand. That is not true. Yo, I at the beginning, let me say this. Lemme talk to a comedian. Yep. You know the n word for us, not funny and corny as much success as you've had. And I know that you've dealt with naysayers and everything and you could brush it off.


Your numbers don't lie. It's still something personal about somebody saying that. Yeah. And you wanna say, fuck you. I know I'm not. And the reason why I'm gonna say that, and I'll address this. First off, you gotta ask who's judging me? Who is saying you ma. Right. If that person is now on a level of what I've done, we ain't talking about what your mouth and resume. If on a level it's not even fair for you to make an assessment of what you think my career is because I could do, I can do the resumes. Who that? And this is what I could do. The resume. You could say, oh, I thought you ball, I know you saw scorpion balls. I know I'm, I'm gonna deliver you. So, You know what I'm saying? It's like, okay, who's judging me? And then when somebody's judging me, you are making a critique of me. What are you doing? What are you doing in your career?


But sit back trying to on a mother And I take offense to anybody. Say not funny. 'cause I know after 30 years, that's not what the streets is saying. I've never said he not funny. I'm I'm talking about you. He what About you? About you? He made a reference something. Do you listen Mr. Isn't that the sign of a narcissist? Yes. Always bringing it back to you. Yeah. It's not about you, But, but did you open up for me Me? Okay, go ahead. This interview is me. That's right. Don Rob. A new day, A new dawn and I'm feeling good. But you opened Up for him that night, right? Laugh Factory. What? What? Oh no I didn't. Okay. I think it's very petty for comedians to try to be critics of of comedians when you're in the same field. Nobody does that.


And I know the question is, well what's up with all this comedy, beef or whatever. And it's unfortunate. Who Got that question? I had that question. There's An elephant. There's an elephant in the room. Absolutely. We Do know that. We ask every other comedian that comes up here that question And I was gonna get to that he, everybody that, how do you feel about the comedy beef and the climate that it's in? Let's take away a with a podcast. Who talks about everybody to get attention? Let's it's comedian. Good question. What comedy is in, I'll answer this way. It's two. You gotta do like OG comics, white comics, black comics, whatever. Like Yeah. The thing is, in our community, we feel like it only could be one black person on top of one time. Okay. Nobody wants to share the stage. They feel like Hollywood picks this person.


But everybody can win. Everybody wants to be Batman. But it's gonna be more robins than anything. We're not supportive of each other. Very, very selfish. Yeah. Very competitive, but not the point of competitive. That's what everybody though, we see we, Dave, I'm not talking to you. Okay. Sorry, I'm talking to a comedian. Do you wanna do comedy? No sir. You can start like we did. No sir. We can do open mics. No sir. I know you have a platform. No sir. And you think you could do anything? I Said No sir. Do we interrupt car show promotions like this? Imagine me interfering when you talking about one of your podcast car shows you I said, sorry, continue on. Alright. But anyway, my goodness. The question is we very, very, very, very hateful. Yeah. And as bad as the climate has been in comedy, this is the common denominator with everybody that's been a subject of discussion from Shehe interview all these names that came up.


Yeah. The one thing that's common with everybody is that we all started from nothing. There's not a story of anybody's names going up that didn't come from one family house. You know what I'm saying? Nothing. Everybody, everybody they talk about had a dream and they turned their dream into reality. So my thing, if you wanna be critical of that, then use that same criticism and talk about the come up, talk about the people that have done it and let people know that this is something that you can focus on and you can do it, you can be good at it and you make it successful. The only thing right now in our, in our, in our, in our comedy community is that people are trying to sell controversy now. Yeah. They don't wanna sell jokes anymore because they know what moves the needle.


Every podcast platform I did a whole media run and everybody, as soon as I walked in, they wanted a controversy. I heard so and about that. Yep. They wanted, oh, I heard this. Because they know that our society, we, we, we gravitate toward negativity. We thrive off that more than anything. That's why you look at news, the news, whatever New York news, you look at it, person was murdered in Brooklyn, person was murdered in Bronx because we gravitate toward negative stuff. It's unfortunate where we ever get where we have these positive stories. Never. Because that don't move the dao. So you got people out here trying to move a Dao with podcasts, whatever. In the way I'm trying to move a doo is by what I'm doing. I don't have to talk about it. I'm not cocky about my Netflix special. I've been doing this for 32 years and anybody, You know, You know my history.


Anybody, they know my history. I put the work in. So when you try to discredit that, I'm gonna defend that. All Right. We got more with Donnell Rawlings when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Yep. We're still picking with Donnell. Rawlings is special. A new day is out right now. Can I ask you a real question? No. When you got into the Mild, I said no, when you Got into the, the mild disagreement, why didn't you leave the first time? Why you kept leaving and coming back and leaving and coming back and leaving and Coming back. First off that day I closed three shows. My name called, went up there, destroyed the show, but also know that I had to make an announcement about my my special. Special. Yep. And I wanted to say something that was real.


So I had the crowd up here. I could have said goodnight. I took it down And I explained what this special was meant to me, how it got here. And it was a very heartfelt, if you listen to that video, you could tell people it's ride with me. Yeah. I didn't have to, I ain't gotta get on standing over right there. I sit, I made my points And I knew I was gonna use this. So I thought that they was giving me the light. I'm like, I'm the last one. I would owe my time not knowing that anybody else was on the show thought you was closing. I thought I was closing. But they were trying to get you off the stage for the headline. No they wasn't. Well no, Cory was headlining. Right. So You went over time a little bit and you went off stage. Went over. I knew. Went off my time. Yeah. So I'm leaving. Good night. Goodnight. And then they said we got one more guest coming up from the 30 30 podcast or whatever number it is.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they said blah, blah blah. And I was like, oh, I want to listen to this. Yeah. And the reason why I wanted to listen to it, I had already wanted to talk to this guy. Why? I'm gonna tell you why. Because I was fed up and like a lot of comedians fed up with the antics of why everything that comes out your mouth has to be negative. And people, I wanted to have this conversation, not just for me but for the comedy community. Why is it that you always have to talk shit about people and nobody asked you, But why? But why you let it bother you? Because You know, we've been in those rooms. You know, I've seen you in a small venue and I've seen you in huge venues. I seen, we've seen David's. Why do I let, what bother me? Well, why Are you letting what he said bother you?


Because You know what it is. You know, you fucking, You don't I'm sensitive. I'm sensitive. Oh, Okay. And then even with you, You know, outside of being sensitive, this is a person that always does this like all the time. You know what I'm saying? It is the same thing. And the only way that you can actually ever get to him to talk to him is if you pop up on him. Because even in my experience, I mean, I'm talking about this person has talked about me years and years and years. Right. Tried to apologize to another comedian. Nah, I don't send me dray to apologize to me. Right. I want you to apologize to me as a mother. 'cause the you said about my son, then I had to call you because I'm talking about block my number out to call you and you answer the phone like, who this, You know what I'm saying? And then you apologize.


Right. And then I would've never made those, those comments about you had, I knew you were a comedian. Well what the, what that gotta do with me being a Comedian. So he has apologized to you before He has on the phone. And then later and later it's a no different story. It's, and you get on that mic again on, on on the show or whatever on, on your podcast show. Right. Which is like the only thing you have. You know what I'm saying? And, and you talk about me again. You talk about me and you talk about, so he cannot leave our names and the names of the greats and the name of the people that he cannot beat. Right. On a Netflix, on anything else, in any other realm out of his mouth. He can't do that. So that's all he has is that mic and that donna and in that cold corner. Right. You know, Without anybody, without anybody being able to respond.


Right. Without having an opinion of anybody. And here's the thing, whether You know it or not, it was so many comedians that called me and said thank you. And going back to your question is that I looked at Dave, you asked the question, listen. Yes. He asked the question earlier, back to your point is that him like, I'm a good friend. People wanna say all this. Well even with that, he was like, when I had a special or Dave Chappelle put him on. What you don't know is Netflix had already agreed to do a special with me, produced by Dave or not. But so what, what, what if Dave did put you on? So what you, his man. No, what I'm saying, I'm, I'm, you get the work in, I'm answering like dumb questions. You know what I'm saying? Okay. Yeah. And this is what people don't understand. Yeah. And this is where the loyalty comes in. Dave ain't, Dave ain't just handing Out specials that That's The, the point that are very Deserving of it.


That's the point I'm making. But people don't understand that any success, somebody you get with hard work, whatever they wanna say you had to do so and so, so you dismissing work ethics, you dismissing going hard. No. You dismissing God. I don't think I Don I just think you take people, see I don No, And I, I'm not saying, You know, I'm just saying, But it just makes sense. It's like if, if I wanted to do a podcast, right, why wouldn't I go to Charlemagne who has his own podcast? Right? Right. That's my guy And he's gonna hopefully look out the best interest. Even when I was doing my book, I called Charlemagne and say, yo, these are the terms for the book. What do you think? He's done it before. Well, Can I ask a question? Whatever. Could you and Corey ever get on the same page? I think him in Jeff situation is different because What I need to get on answer Question. You know, talking about somebody's child is nothing. But could you, Could you, I will say this, he was for me, I respected him.


You know, everybody don't agree with his style of comedy. And I've, I've said this to people before, again, I don't wanna talk about it because here's the thing, I make a conversation. It's been 17 minutes And you talking about, Alright, because somebody told me not To, I had a mild disagreement. That's what it was. No, we didn't have, now it's a Have y'all Spoke? Nah, I don't really have, I don't really. But Then you have to understand something too. This man doesn't respect his own family. You know, some point. It's like there's no making up with a person like this. There is no trying to understand, to sit down like that type of person needs healing and therapy of his own. So, And I think that's why I said the prayer earlier. The thing is, there is no reason to for me to do it. Yeah. I've already started with limited contact.


Yeah. Always started with a mutual respect. But if you lose respect for me, I lose respect for you. And even when I said what I said on stage, not one time did I berate him. Not one time did I say anything bad about his comedy. Not one time did I say anything about his family. Not one time did I say anything bad about him. I explained to what I,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, You know. And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes, everything.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your raybin meta glasses, classic style, innovative tech. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte To make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, Raybin meta glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan meta glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


And I, And I know that there's nobody gonna believe that I'm a ma comic. There's nobody gonna believe that I'm not. So you think, and here's another thing, You know, there's a lot of people that don't know what you're even talking about right now. That's what I'm saying. Like you, you're Right. You got This, you have a great special called a new day it on Netflix right now. Make it a new day. Darnell. Here's the thing, Darnell, make it a new day. This Conversation, there was a con, this conversation wasn't specific to one person that is an ocean. It was a conversation about this industry and how people move. And like you said, it's a new day, it's a new dawn, it's a new life for me. And I'm feeling good. Donelle Rollins, Netflix special is still charting on Netflix. And I wanna say I appreciate this time. We appreciate you.


It was, it was good to see you. It was very good. And congratulations Me, you, it's always good to see you came. It's always good to see you, Donelle. I wanna say congratulations. Thank you. That's Crazy. I really, I really appreciate you. I really appreciate you And I support you. I want everybody to get along. You know what I'm saying? I want you and Corey to make up. I want K You know what I'm, you keep talking. Don't ever say nothing. You know, You know how I feel. We appreciate you for joining us. Love. It's a new dog, Donelle. Make sure you check out his b it's A new life for me. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. I'm feeling good. It's Darnell Rowlands.


Bye. Rolling. Everybody is CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have Ard call Michael, welcome. I be doing your voice in the shower morning everybody. It's dj. I like, I I Jerard thinks about you in He Naked. Yeah, yeah. You know, let's lean into all the gay. Like sometimes when I'm naked I think about DJ and DJ Boy. Yes, yes, yes. Happy to see you Gerard. Happy to see you, bro. Yeah. So I'm always happy when people come right after Donkey today that Charlamagne gave him. Oh my God. Can listen bro. Lemme tell you something. I was responding to you like Monique, like I was, I was in my house just pacing around. Just being like, Leard Leard.


What would your mother say about giving me, no, let's talk about that. So there's a couple things I want to make clear about that. So Charlamagne gave you donkey today. You gave me donkey today for what? Charlamagne, you reported on you. You played a clip of my standup. But it started at the punchline and it, it like completely erased the setup of it. And I really don't like that. It made it seem like I was talking like I'm into some type of race sexual slavery role play with my boyfriend, which is untrue. It's so false. And I expect that type of thing from TMZ. 'cause they have no humanity. They don't care about the, the people that get hurt when they report these sort of things. But you are a friend. So I really didn't like that.


Like I, like I know you repeated it in the Neil interview. I I I didn't like that. That that was very, very unfair. It was a joke. I only I saw that clip though, but yeah. But I, I need you to watch the show. I and anybody who watches the show, it's not what I said. Yeah. I saying it's so false. It's so untrue. And I, I don't like that because it's like, no, no. Well, we'll get into that later. It's a joke about reading. It has nothing to do with my boyfriend. It has nothing like the sex that we have. It has nothing to do with sex. It's something that like people have been reporting on And I really, really don't like it. It's about my boyfriend reading so much. He makes me feel insecure about my level of reading. And look, I get it, it it, like, it's something that people have been running with because one, 'cause I have a white boyfriend. So like people like try and create some type of crazy story out of that.


Like, and, and it's a small group of people really. Like I read all the tweets and it's like some gay black men and some Ku Klux Klan members who don't like that I have a white boyfriend. They agree on that. So congratulations like the Klan and Dr. Umar. And some people find some common ground on that. But he's a human being. He deserves respect. I deserve respect. I don't appreciate things being misreported or like said about him in that way. It's completely false. So I I don't like that. I just wanna make that clear. That's, that. It's not something I, I I know you are just reading the news, but like you're a friend And I want you to like actually have nuance with these stories. Like people can get hurt. They're actually real lives at stake with the things that you say.


And look, come after me, that's fine. But don't come after like my, my boyfriend who is, I don't think we came at your boyfriend though. We knew he was watching. Well, I'm saying when that's in the headline and that's reported. Like, and then misreported like, oh, he's into race slave play with his white boyfriend. I I don't like that headline. 'cause it's false. It's not true at all. Now on to Dave Chappelle. No, I wanna stick to the joke though in context. The joke's still not a good joke. That's on you. Look, I've been a professional comedian for a while. I got, I got some Because you're still saying you're a slave. No, he's a slave master. You know, a slave masters teaching the slave to read, You know, listen, I'm talking about my own personal insecurity. Yeah. I'm an educated person. I'm usually the smartest person in the room. He reads so much. It makes me feel like, oh, do I even know how to read that joke works.


If I had a black boyfriend, my boyfriend were black. That joke actually works better if I had a black boyfriend. Don't black and you the slave and the white person is the slave. Listen, if you are and you are from North Carolina where, You know, the first anti literacy laws were created in North and South Carolina, You know that Sure, sure, sure. But that's not my role as a comedian to start getting into like, like literacy laws and stuff like that. You've completely lost that. I evoke provocative imagery sometimes in my jokes. Some people are very sensitive to that. That's your right. You don't have to laugh at that. You can like hear the word slavery and completely shut off. That's completely fine. But don't misconstrue what I said and don't like make it into something that it's not. 'cause that's where I start to get offended. Now, I don't think we made it into what was No, that, that that the statement like, oh, you, you said it like multiple times on the show.


Like, oh, he's into slave role, play with his white boyfriend. That's untrue. I don't know if I said it like that. I think I'm You said it Charlemagne. That is not the joke. The joke's about me reading the, the jokes about my insecurity about like not being as well read when I be in bed next to him and he's on his, I get what you're saying. The joke. Okay. I get, I get it when I'm in bed next to him and he's like on his third novel of the month. I'll be watching Breakfast Club interviews And I feel like, oh I do. I should read more. Yeah, that's what the joke is. The joke, it has nothing to do with sex, has nothing to do with the type of sex that we have. And that's just absolutely false. But still not a good joke. When you black and black, Hey listen, that's on you. That it is on you. You do stand up and you figure it out for me.


The crowds laugh, whatever. I'll say this about if the crowd is majority white, are they laughing with you or at you? You know, it's funny. I'm actually, I'm actually shocked. It's actually a pretty decent amount of black people coming out to see me. I, I really appreciate y'all for coming out. I want y'all to keep coming out too. I like, I, I like the, the seeing it really, especially black women are like in the crowd. They've been like talking to me. They seem vested in my life and it makes me feel really, really special. So I I I really like that And I appreciate that. Now I wanna move on to the Dave Chappelle portion of it. 'cause I've heard you comment on that too. I deeply regret ever saying anything about Dave Chappelle to the press. I wanna say that I'm sorry for that because one, I'm a huge Dave Chappelle, Dave Chappelle fan.


I love Dave. Like, I, I think he's brilliant. I think he's a bright light in a dying industry. I think he's more important now than ever before because like comedians are now just posting clips at him doing crowd work online and calling it art. And it's not art. Dave Chappelle is an artist. He's one of the few artists that we have. And I care deeply about the work that he makes. Mm. With that said, the criticism that I had had nothing to do with the morality of the, the joke had nothing to do with the ethics of the joke. That's something that has also been misreported. The the criticism I had was that of a fan, someone who respects him so much that I want him to focus his genius on a wide range of topics. I think that, like, it started it, but it started being really, really focused on one thing.


I disagree. Well, I I'll say this. Look, that's like us saying that about the slave joke. I'll, I'll say, I'll say this, I'm also a big fan of Jay-Z. If Jay-Z made three albums about trans people, I'd be like, Hey, what's going on with Jay? But Jay-Z made three albums, more than three albums about selling drugs. You don't label, you just don't put 'em in that, you don't pigeonhole on with that. No, they Jay-Z I mean, listen, I I would love to get into a Jay-Z argument. Jay-Z was very personal, very emotional. He always evolved. 4, 4 4 was incredible. Absolutely. Because it showed growth and evolution and something you've never seen before in rap. And that's a thing with comedy too. Comedy doesn't grow, comedy doesn't evolve. It's, it's kind of stunted like rap. And like, we just started getting like real braggadocious like antagonistic with the crowd and it can evolve.


Like, and we need smart people like Dave, like Chris Rock, like myself to actually evolve the art form because it is dying. It's so, so important for people to go up and do deep personal stories or have a deep perspective about things going on in The World because it's not happening. You see it online. Yeah, I know. It's always been me. Well, listen, all I'm saying is I, and because I've talked about Dave a lot, I don't wanna talk about Dave anymore. I, I honestly, I called him an eagle manc. I'm an eagle maniac. I'm here to talk about me. I have a show that I wanna talk about. Have you spoke to him personally? I talked about him enough. Have y spoke to him on the phone? Yeah. Yeah. I know. Dave. You know what? And I'll tell you honestly from now on, any thoughts I have for Dave will be directed in a phone call to Dave.


I'll never do it again. I'll never, I I do apologize for that. I like you. I'm man enough to say that I, that is wrong. I don't, I don't need it. I don't want the attention. It's going on way too long. Yeah. Don't want it at all. I'm here to talk about me before, before I would talk about myself. Now, Charm man. He said he was upset 'cause he consider you guys friends and that you went off the rail without having a conversation. Did you Watch the show? Did you, I texted you last night. Did you watch the show? I don you've been watching it. Did you watch the the next episode? No, I watched the first three. Oh man. You're gonna love the next episode. So respond to what he said. 'cause You know, he consider you guys friends and it is my Friend. I feel now envy. I Want you apologize, but if you feel the way I think that Charlamagne you should apologize to Ms. Well, I Don't feel like I wanna apologize.


Whoa. That's not this. Whoa, don't you like Well, I'm, I'm talking about not about him. You're a sincere person. I'm joking. Yeah. Would you want me to give you one of these half-ass bullshit industry? I don't feel like I need to apologize. I, I think I made myself clear. I have, I have no need for an apology. Have nothing but luck. You if hits me one day, I'm like, You know what? That was wrong. But in the moment I, all right, well I'll wait for that one. I'm in the shower thinking about DJ Envy. I know That. I know that's right. All right. We got more with comedian Jerard Carmichael when we come back. So don't move us The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with comedian Gerard Carmichael. Now you also talk about black women being super supportive when you first came out, but also being mad at you at the same time.


Oh, 'cause I got a white boyfriend. Yeah. You know, it, it's, it is funny. They, they met my boyfriend. They love him like my boyfriend. My boyfriend is actually, he's so real that that's part of the reason like that any lie about him makes me upset. 'cause he's so, he's so real. My homegirl Avery loves Mike. Mike doesn't engage in small talk. That's a thing that I actually am trying to learn because like I can, that's me. My next book. Oh, why Small talk sucks. There we go. You should, you gotta meet my boyfriend. Like, he doesn't do it at all. If you talk to him about the weather, he'll just be quiet. And I'm trying to learn that. Like, I'd be out in The World just lying to people. Just like, oh no, good shirt. Just like, I'd be having a lot of good shirt conversations. It's all, it's all fun. I don I gotta stop doing that. I don't like that. It's terrible. How Does he feel when you, when you, because you talk about your life with a reality show.


How does he feel when you talk about your sex Capades or even your conversation with Tyler, the creator? How does it make him feel funny? Do y'all have conversations before? Yeah, he knows all of it. I mean, it, it's funny because I started shooting the reality show and then our relationship began. So he, like, he came in at a time when I'm dealing with a lot of things. And the, the show was just about me, like me trying to explore all these deep things about myself and being in therapy, trying to work through problems. Like I, I'm exposing it. It's the most vulnerable show of all time. Yes. Like, you've, like you've never seen a show more vulnerable than this. Did he make you more comfortable with that? He makes me more uncomfortable in life. Right, right, right. Like I, I think I'm a better person 'cause of my boyfriend.


I feel so much calmer now. Like I, I I'm a person that had a lot of anxiety and you could see it even in the first episode, you could see like, it, it's me trying to get all my anxiety out. I think that's why the audience feels that way. They feel a little awkward because that's, that's how I felt. Yeah. I think it transmutes into the art form. I was somebody that was just like, constantly scared, constantly nervous, afraid of how I would be perceived, afraid of like, You know, like coming in masculine environments as a gay man. Like just terrified all the time. Afraid of the kind of sex I was having. I was, I was thinking about that. 'cause people have been talking about, like, I put like a foot in my mouth in the, in the first episode, man. Oh people. Yeah. You know, And I wanna, I also wanna set the record straight.


He was Guatemalan. People say it is white toes, he was Guatemalan. Maybe that doesn't matter to some people, but I was like, I told to toe, I've had some black feet in my mouth too. I, I was afraid of the type of sex I was having. I thought it was dirty and, and so wrong. And people gay, straight, whatever, have a lot of sexual shame. They're afraid of things. So I was doing things like on camera to liberate myself. Like it was important for me to like eradicate that shame. Like, oh, I put a foot in my, I put a foot in my mouth for y'all. A lot of people don't think you're really gay though. And they think that you just put the foot in your mouth to kind of prove that you gay. And they're like, if you was really gay, you the on camera. Alright. I mean, You know, OnlyFans coming soon. I guess I don know like, You know, there's a lot of silly things.


There are people who get that news from Twitter. They're crazy. Where did you meet your boyfriend from? What, what did y'all meet? How did you meet? We met through a mutual friend. We met years ago in LA and then, and, and we started dating. It's been a year and a half now. So I wanted to ask you about you and Tyler 'cause y'all are actually really friends. Yeah. Right? Yeah. Was that like for fun or did you really, really have romantic feelings for Tyler? Yeah, I did. I was in turmoil over that for a year. And that's a hard thing to deal with. Of course it is. Like I, I've seen people online talk about as awkward as cringe. Yeah. They have, having feelings for your best friend is very awkward. Very, very cringe. I'm thankful that he did it because I've never seen a conversation like that played out on television or in any space.


And I thought it was really, really important. I've never, like, I've never seen like a, a black man express feelings for another black man like that ever before. And I'm trying to make art that I wish I had seen as a kid. Yeah. I'm trying to make things and, and put things out there that I needed. And so it was really important. I thought it was a really important conversation. I'm so thankful to Tyler for doing it because Yeah, That his response hurt you because when he said he called you a stupid, y'all laughed. Like he laughed about it. Did that really hurt your feelings or, yeah, it's just like, oh. 'cause I listen, I'm getting called a, I think Yeah, but I, but that's your best. He Called me my best friend. Stupid. I know. But I called my best friend. A stupid all, huh? Yeah, I Know. So I thinking that I was in my feeling I Was really hurt. It was just like, okay, they're best friends, they cool.


But it really did hurt. Yeah. Did you see what he said at Coachella? Yeah, I was watching it. I stayed up late for that too. I made a sandwich. I was up at three in the morning. Like, I thought it was funny. Yout feel about that. Like you stand up late to watch Tyler. I was on FaceTime with him. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yeah. He's emotionally evolved. I'm the one that's trying to catch up. He's, he's great. He's one of the but part, he said, you trying to, I bet y'all saw my best friend try to me on camera. Yeah. I thought it was funny. I was say, yeah. So that was funny. What's your relationship now, y'all cool? After the, the conversation? Do y'all still speak each? Yeah, we cool. I mean, he's making jokes about it. We cool. Yeah. Yeah. He seemed like controller, like controlling. Yeah. I mean, we moved on. Like, I, I have definitely moved on. It was a very, very tough moment in my life.


And I, I have nothing but gratitude for him for doing that on camera. On camera is wild. Right. But it was hard off camera. That was a difficult thing to deal with off camera. Like, You know, the whole year, because that's your best friend. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was, I was on music. Soulchild have crazy mode for a year. Oh man. Why not reach out to him during that year? Like, why did he called me a stupid charlamagne? Did you watch the show he was at? He was like, hold on. I mean, I, yeah. Yeah. Thank you. But that's your friend, friend, somebody you love. And careful. What I was thinking was like, well, why would he let a whole year go by? Why would either one of them let a whole year go? Well, it's very, so that's the thing. It's very easy for things to like, just fall back into the elephant in the room. Like, okay, we're not gonna talk about it. We just go to breakfast.


Like, I have that same relationship with my parents, where it's like, oh, there are things that we don't really wanna talk about, so we don't, and we engage in small talk. Okay. We, we talk about everything else. And, and, and that's what the show was. The show was an excuse to have a difficult conversation that I'd otherwise be afraid to have. Yeah. How did your mom, or how do you think black women in general will feel about you referring to your mother as a was? Oh man, that's been, oh, the family. Oh boy. The family been, haven't they got a group chat without me? They should. Talking about that. That was wild Rod. You know, it's funny that, that I, I actually didn't consider that, like, when I said it, and, and maybe that's me being inconsiderate and maybe there is some like, latent hurt that is coming out.


When I, when I say that, I actually wasn't saying I love my mother. I, I have a deep respect for my mother. I say it kind of casually kind of gay. Like just on stage is in a, it's not your mom. I say it just nonchalantly. I was just like, I call people s and s all the time. Like, that's like not your mother, You know? Listen, you can call your dad and you can even play that with your mom. Yeah. But you ain't gonna get mad at Tyler for a year. 'cause he said stupid. Exactly. Well, it wasn't, it was the dismissal of the emotion. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, no, it wasn't, it wasn't just that. It was that, that was all he said. Gotcha. But no, with my mom, no. That's something that we talked about. I would rather focus on the emotion behind it. It's like, it's easy to get hung up on. I actually get really, really angry with my family when they start talking about like, You know, I, my dad called me was like, I, I don't like that you call your mom a a I'm like, that's the worst thing we've done to my mother.


Like, I think, I think as a family, we've done worse. So more so why did you call her other than, or why am I hurt? Yeah. Why? Yeah, why, why? What's the cause of the hurt? Like, You know, like, I, I feel rejected by my creator. That's a difficult thing to live with. Like, You know, I'm not the only person that's living with like, some issues with their parents, with their mom, or just you don't see eye to eye and it makes you feel bad about yourself. That's how I feel. And that's a really, really hard thing to live with. And, and I'm trying to make art and trying to make sense of all of it, but it's really tough. All right. Right. Well Keep it locked. We have more with comedian and Gerard Carmichael when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Gerard Carmichaels here. Charlamagne. What would you say to people who would say, your mom is homophobic? But when I look at it, I say, no, she's very religious, so I think she's looking at it through the religions of religion. Yeah. Yeah. And, And I think that at some point you have to think about how you got to the place that you are. I, I had a really good conversation with my mom about even her finding religion and needing religion about the hurt, the, the disappointment in her life from her dad and from other people in her life that led her to needing God as much as she does, and depending on God as much as she does. And we were having a really, really good conversation that my dad woke up and interrupted. It was just like, wow.


Yeah. Yeah. But, You know, like, it, it, it, you have to explore your life. You gotta explore the reasons why, because you can hurt people. Like, I know, like, people call it faith, whatever, but they're human beings. And like, your opinion, my mother's opinion of me matters so much. Absolutely. What made you wanna do it now? Well, because after I came out, I realized that there are other things I needed to come out about. I, I, I think everybody's in the closet about something. And I was in the closet. It was more than just being gay. It was about of the feelings that I have. I was in a closet about sex addiction or how I am as a friend or all these things. Like, just like I was a closeted person.


I was holding everything inside and the show was an outlet for me. I'm an artist And I use art as a means of expression and as a means to heal. And so I, I, the show just felt like a natural. I, I was doing all these shows. I was doing standup and standup started being kind of a form of therapy. It was like a reassociate of therapy that I would just go up And I would talk about a problem that I have a deep personal problem that I have. The response from the audience started being better. That's what I mean. Like, people come to the shows. They're like, like I, the heckles that I get as a comedian are so thoughtful. Like, no comedian gets like the thought, like people turn into therapists in the are those audience. Yeah. I, I, I'm not, I, I watched that yesterday And I was like, those heckles aren't real. That's part of the show.


The audiences. No, no. Like people are smart. I, I believe that. I I believe that. Like, Twitter isn't just the, that's not what The World is. Like I haven't been on there in eight years. I hate it. Yeah. Listen, sometimes I search your name to make me feel better about myself. I know that's saying about Charmagne out there. I hate it. Don't go over there at all. No, but the heckles that I get are thoughtful responses because you open yourself up and people open themselves up. Like, like they, they respond in kind. And, and so I, I'm glad you're a good friend to your friends who are expressing themselves to you. I was gonna say, How did you deal with the sex ion sex addiction? I'm still, I'm still, He's dealing with it. Still. He's trying to figure it out.


Alright, I'm get my candle, I'll get outta here. But no, on the show it shows you, you just be on Grinder before your boyfriend. You was on grind and just getting it in. Yeah, because that was old. That was, that had to be before your boyfriend, Right? Yeah, before my boyfriend. And You know, like, yeah, sex, sex is Better be, Sex is something else, man. You gotta keep watching the show. I had a good explanation though, you said, because you waited so long to come out. Yeah. So now you feel like a 17-year-old kid. Yeah. Yeah. Having, having making up, making up for lost time. Like, just like, yeah. There, there like my emotional maturity level was a bit delayed. That's, it's a little embarrassing to admit, but true. But even that, I, I, I do think there are certain aspects of my personality that I inherit from my father.


I've been reading about that a lot. Just like being, You know, you, you learn how to be a man from your dad. And, And I, I learned he gonna mad, he gonna get mad 'cause he gonna watch this like, oh, he's throwing me under the bus. But you, it is just true. Like, it's something you learn in therapy that like, I hope this is how you model yourself as a man. And, and so, yeah. I look to sex as a form of validation for my manhood. Like to make me feel like a man. Yeah. What, what is this show doing for you? That therapy camp? Been using it as a form of therapy because therapy is exploring yourself and exploring your past, but it's not necessarily confrontation. I still needed a tool to be confident enough to have a conversation with my dad that I'd be terrified having otherwise, like, You know, if I'm home in North Carolina, I'm just like, You know, smiling, being a good son.


Yeah. Being the son that they want me to be. And I'm not ha saying the real things, asking the real questions when the camera's on. I've become like a journalist for my own life. Like, no, no, no. What's that shit you said 98. Yeah. You know, And I get real, real like, yeah, okay. But, but without the cameras, I'm afraid. Mm. You do show how much of a friend you are too. Yeah. No, no. What you did po was foul. I know, I know. Can I tell you, you can't show, you can't be a best man in a wedding and show up a hour late Yeah. To the wedding. It's not your wedding. And then compare it to jury duty. Why? You know, look, I, I, wedding weddings are hard 'cause I'm a performer. And so I look at weddings as a show. Like, all right, what is this show that we're going to like?


But, but I I, I love Poo and You know, I actually got hit him. We've been talking a lot. I hope that he liked the episode. Like he's a, a very sweet, thoughtful friend and inspired me so much. And so I know


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latteTo make a latte brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending message After work. You had to meet some friends. Hey, Nice glasses. Ray RayBan meta glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan meta glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


I was a bad friend. Again, it's hard expo like the show. I'm like the villain in my own show. I'm Eric Kane of my own show. Like, I'm like, people are like, because I'm exposed. I'm exposing myself in, in a real way. Like the, like some of the worst parts of myself I'm putting out there unedited. Just like letting it, letting The World see and judge and criticize. But I, I feel bad for that. Like, I felt bad in the episode. I, it's something I'm deeply apologetic for. I'm learning, I'm still growing. I'm learning to not be a selfish Sure. That's a means of self protection. Like, I'm selfish because I'm scared and I'm learning to not be as afraid. Another thing you say on the show is being honest is cool until you have a reason to lie. Yeah. And you say it's hard to tell the truth to people you love.


Yeah. Do you not feel that way? Do you not feel that way sometimes? Like, like yeah, because the consequences are so hot. It's just gonna hurt them. The stakes, the stakes are so high. I say that to my mom. I'm like, like sometimes I talk to my mom. I'm like, Hey, be careful what you say to me. 'cause I'll remember it for the rest of my life. Every word that she says it, it's so piercing. Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. Is Ro Is Ro Carmichael an industry plant? Am I an industry plant? Industry plant? Well, I mean, listen, I, I I wish the Illuminati was real. I wish that I could be a plant. I had sign up in a heartbeat. No, I actually, unfortunately, I had to work hard to get where I am. I had to like, like think and expose. I'm exposing so much of my life. I've worked very, very hard to get where I am. But yeah, if, if I could have to get to the top, I, that's why they don't want Yeah, because you want to do it.


Nah, I'm joking. I'm saying that, I'm saying that as a joke. I'm saying as a joke. Like, like, like, like I thought because Rel was defending you on club Shakespeare, You know, You know the funny thing too, like if, if I may, now I'm sound like a rapper, but like, like a lot of these comedians who like criticized me is like, no, no, like, before I came out, coming out was the hardest thing I ever did in my life. I was like afraid. I also, I had multiple specials. I had a sitcom on NBC that ran for three, three seasons. I had was making sitcom. I was getting other people's shows. Like I was, I was more successful than them straight. So then to pretend that like, oh, like he came out. Like, that's silly. That's silly. I don't even entertain that. I wanna ask, 'cause you just mentioned something, you said that you had all of this great stuff going on before you came out.


Yeah. So do you feel like coming out as gay is taking away the focus on, on everything you've done in your career? No, not at all. That's Carmic show, still exists. Stream it on Hulu. When I Google you, what's gonna come up to, same way you said if you Google Dave, it's all transgender stuff. If I Google things, I'll talk about watch the show. I hope people watch the show. Like if you, if you see the show, you'll see the truth. You know, I'm, I'm confident in that. Like, You know, I, I think this like up top I was just upset because something untrue was, was say I say enough true things to talk about. Like, so I don't need any lies. I I don't need any of that. But yeah, I, I I'm, I'm making art about my life and, and I'm really proud of it. I hope people watch the show. I think the show's funny. He is. Yeah. And Charlamagne called funny. What kind of funny.


How funny. Y'all like, man y'all so straight. Y'all are so straight. So Straight. Is this haha funny? Is this Paul's funny? Like Jesus Craig, you're so straight. Congratulations. Oh my God. Everybody clap for the straight. Oh my God. Jesus. Come on Michael. Ladies and gentlemen brought you a candle. Yes he did. I love y'all. Thank y'all very much having you some flowers. Thank you did. And I can check out the reality show Fridays on HBO Max. Thank you Bub for joining us. Thanks for having me. Thank you very much. Make sure you telling him to watch out for Florida.


Man the craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of four. Yes you are a donkey. A Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. Put The Breakfast Club bitchy donkey other day with charm Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. That's so funny. That's that devilish laugh. What is so funny? You go to bitches and Jesus. No, I was laughing at something song Carlos Miller post. Snoop my guy Carlos Miller. Listen Donkey other day goes to a 20-year-old Florida man named Jeremy Lang.


Now what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now I'm gonna tell you right now we keep having all these conversations about border security. But I see stories like the one I'm about to tell you. And all I keep thinking is we building walls for the wrong people or we need to build more walls. Okay, finish the one at the border because yes, we need stronger border security. But who gonna keep these crazies from within away from us? Okay, I'm looking at Jeremy Lang and I'm saying I need a wall built internally here in America to keep us away from them. Who is them? Them is the crazies. Okay. Steve's a young man so I can grace only 20 years old.


But then I see what he's accused of and it just reinforces to me that this new era we are in because of social media just has completely, completely made people lose sight of what reality is. Hell. If you 20, you probably don't know what reality is. You never experienced it. You grew up in an era of social media and YouTube and nothing I repeat. Nothing will make you out of touch with reality like those platforms. Now Jeremy wanted to steal from Jesus. Okay? What? Jesus with a place where people worship, okay Jesus. And that place is a church. Yes. Jeremy was arrested last week for burglarizing a church and police say he's probably linked to six more. What type of table you get in hell for that. Okay, I should get you in the VIP section of club Satan with bottle service.


But Jeremy was arrested for burglarizing the church. Let's go to ABC three for the report please. Police say 20-year-old Jeremy Lang is responsible for at least seven burglaries over two and a half week span. Surveillance footage we obtained from Pastor Clifton Riley at Bethel a ME church shows the suspect break several windows before eventually climbing in last Friday night. The pastor tells me he spent less than five minutes inside and left with nothing. Authorities say Lang was spotted Monday night wearing the same clothes from the surveillance days prior. He was found carrying burglary tools, marijuana, and a stolen firearm. And PPD says Jeremy Lang provided a false name to them at the time of his arrest. He is charged with one of the burglaries at this church.


Other charges are pending from the six other churches that he's burglarized. PPD did not identify the items that he's accused of Stealing. No. I definitely could just give him donkey day for that. You know what I'm saying? Because You know, he stole from the church. God definitely got something for this jackass. But that's between him and his creator. But the reason I'm giving him donkey today is not only because he stole from all those churches, but police searched his cell phone and in his cell phone he had internet searches like, And I quote how to cut shirt into a mask. Jesus. Where do church keep money? Mm These are actual quotes. Do churches have safes?


Lemme tell you how you spelled safes. SAFE apostrophe apostrophe S. So SAFE apostrophe possession agency coming. This is the one that got me. Oh boy. He Googled events where you raise money in Pensacola. He was going after all the sweet licks. This man was gonna rob people who are actually doing great things in the community Events. What You raise money in Pensacola. I had to Google for myself Events where you raise money in Pensacola because I had to see what Jeremy saw. I wanted to see what Jeremy saw. Okay, would you like to hear some of the events? Yes. This Heathen was plotting on.


Yes. Fourth annual brunch fest. Purple paint party. That's the second annual charity event. The fall. Paul Palooza a pet adoption and charity event together for tomorrow. Event. Fourth annual mission 22 show Shine ends for a purpose. 28th annual CCA Pensacola banquet Auction Hot work hits cancer Pensacola, east Hill and northwest. Bro, he deserve to be under the jail. What? What are you talking about? You know what's under the jail? What's that? Okay. You was going to take money from people raising money for cancer. You was gonna take money from people who are encouraging people to adopt pets.


I keep telling y'all, segregation wasn't a bad concept, it was just poorly executed. Should have been based on behavior, not race. Because I don't want people like Jeremy eating in the same establishments I'm eating in. I don't want people like Jeremy going to the same schools as my kids. And I damn sure don't want to go to the same church as Jeremy because he's just in there staking the place out. I need to see what human evolution looks like for people like Jeremy. He's 20 but he thinks he can just Google search how to commit a crime against the church. How to commit crimes against the community. He literally searched for how to cut shirt into a mask. Where do church keep money? He was plotting on a robbing a pet adoption and charity event.


I don't know if anything man made, I don't know if anything man is created can rehabilitate this human. I think even God would have to admit some of the product he created is just defective. Please give Jeremy Lang the biggest hee-haw. It's horrible. What's he look Like? What you looking at? Play Play a game. I do. Okay, let's do, let's play a game of yes. What race? Alright, gimme clues Of clues. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old from Pensacola, Florida, robbed about five to six churches and he Googled how to, he Googled how to cut shirt into a mask.


Where did church keep money? DJ envy. Guess what? Races. Ah, Wait, Okay. Not mad at that. Guess. See If he was black, he'd have the Pty mask already So he wouldn't need to cut a mask into it. So good. I'm that's what I'm, what I'm going with. That's going with, that's a good use of context. Lauren LaRosa. Jeremy Lang, 20 years old in Pensacola, Florida. Robbed about five to six churches. Google things like do churches have safes and used an apostrophe and safes? Guess What RAs, I hate to do this to us. Oh us. What do you mean? I think he black damn down.


I, I hate it. I just felt, And I think he watched a little bit of, like too much of first Sunday. Yeah. I I think he's one. I hate that though. But I think he's one of us. Ros Well, Apostrophes DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. I want you both to know that you are absolutely positively wrong. Damn. Both of us Are wrong. Damn. Yes, both of y'all are wrong. Wow. Jeremy Lang is not white. Jeremy Lang is not black. Was he? Jeremy Lang is. Wow. How, how do you think he was gonna get away with that hair like that? Like you would see that here mile away. I don't care if you wrap your face with a a t-shirt, a sweatshirt.


You can see that here. Stick it Out. I'm convinced after seeing that that nm word did it for the mixtape. He needed content for his mixtape. It's, damn. Look at him. Look at him. Okay, look at Pro. Gave it away. This man looks suspicious in any neighborhood. He does. I don't care what neighborhood he is in. He looks suspicious. You right. Black neighborhoods, white neighborhoods. This man will get the police called on him. You right. He came Out the womb. He looked like he came out the womb doing all the wrong stuff. Yo, you, wow. Even in his mugshot, he's like, mm, boy, when I'm mm. Got his blip ball up. Like, mm. When I get out here, I'm coming straight to the pastor. You gotta be a different type of dumb to try to rob the people of God. Jesus. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. The Breakfast Club.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. The legend. Bruce. Bruce, What's cracking Baby? Welcome. How you feeling? Everything's good man. Everything is good. Yeah. Now this the first time Bruce, Bruce has been on the show And I wanna, You know when, when sometimes when, when somebody comes for the first home, I wanna start from the beginning, right? Okay. Now I know your story 'cause I've been studying you, I've been following you. But for people that don't know, how did Bruce Bruce get into comedy? And I want you to explain your job before comedy. Well, You know, I used to be a chef. I can cook like a mug and You know, everywhere I go I used to always be funny. So I hired this guy one time I was running a barbecue restaurant, old guy. And he said he used to watch me in the kitchen when I first start, when he first started.


And he's watching me, he said, you need to go, you need to go on stage. And I, I ain't paying attention to it. He said, I'm gonna bring you something tomorrow. He brought me this album. You know, back in the day you had album, he was a comedian, but he was ex-Navy. He was an alcoholic. He said don't waste your time on this job and you need to go on stage. No, what I did, I quit 'cause I had a family. I was young man had three kids. And man, I went and started working for Frito Lay potato chips, selling potato chips. And the whole time I'm selling potato chips. And on the doc, I'm just funny acting crazy. So good old white dudes. So You know, you need to go on stage And I see you here every morning. You know what, I'm white out there. You need to go on stage. You funny. I look at comedians every Friday, third night, You know, and you ain't going stay. And when I took that step, man, it, I knew that's why I should have been in my whole entire life.


And what made me take that step. I was going through a divorce and my ex-wife said, you'd never make it. Why'd she tell you that? Oh. So I just looked at it and say, I see you on tv. Hey. You know what I'm saying? And it's been gone. I've been doing it now 35 Years. Now you also mentioned that you, you were an only child. Only child. Your father left at the age of five. Yeah, He was four or five. He was in Air Force and he was a medic in Air Force. And he was a, he flew choppers and airplanes. And when he, when he got out, he was a anesthesiologist. Now was it important to, to mend that relationship before he passed? Or did you Yeah, I did. I did. Wow. My mother said my, I just wanted to know. I remember him and my mother said, what you looking for him for? You know, because they be mad. But my mother really ran him off.


You know what I mean? She was just, what? She ran him off and she was off monster man. You know what I'm saying? Did Your dad say that? Oh no, I just saw her. You saw I saw it. You know what I'm like, man, this dude is cool. He was really cool, You know. But she like, I, I don't want it. You know, everything he tried to do, she just knocked it down. Like, but she was listening to her girlfriends. That's why I tried to tell all these young girls, don't listen to no woman. That ain't got no man. That's right. You know, understand what I'm saying? If you got a woman, if you got a girlfriend, you got a husband. She know how to treat a husband. But a woman that don't have a man, she can't tell you nothing. But he, I mean he just, he left and he never ever called us ever. And my mother didn't even know she was divorced. He did a non-con divorce because my mother just worked, come home, never went anywhere.


So when she said, I think I'm going to get a divorce. And when she went to do it, they said, you already divorced. Dang, you uncontested. You put it in the newspaper for 30 days. You don't answer the ad. Bam. You divorced. I did not know that. He was already gone. He was, he was gone. Oh, he was gone, man. I got married three more times And I found it when I was like 40 years old. So he knew who you were. He knew he was successful. Knew who I was. He knew exactly who I was. Did you look alike? No, my son looked like him though. My baby boy looks just like him. But it's funny how it dip over, You know what I'm saying? But we, I met with him and we talked and we stayed in touch and he ended up passing away about 17 years ago. My mother passed away 14 years ago. Wow. Mm. Yeah. Did you and your mom ever have to talk? Did you ever have to say to my mom it was you? Yeah, she said, You know, I was wrong. I, she said I didn't care.


She said, but I had other boyfriend. You know, my mom fool around. See, parents don't tell you. They try to tell you do the right thing, but they'll do the wrong thing in front of you. You know what I'm saying? Those old dudes you used to go with named Dig, You know, had platform shoes with taps on him, you remember Platform. He had taps on platform shoes. He come up the steps, clock, clock how your mama doing? And then he'll tell me, Hey, come here. I give you a few dog. Go down and get you a Coca-Cola. You know, something like that. I know what he Finn to do. He finna get some tail, You know what I'm saying? So he gets you gets the potato chip. I run right out the house, You know, I know what he finna do. I want no fool, You know what I'm saying? But he was cool. He was cool to me. He treated me very nice and, but she had this one boyfriend. She's crazy about, I don't know what's up with women with this one dude that they like and he ain't nothing.


I mean man, he wasn't nothing man. He dogged my mama out, man. He was, he was married. She didn't even know he was married. Damn. He was over there. He's over there every day. Every day eating. Yeah. Yeah. God is a good guy. You know how to joking. Yeah. God is a good guy. And I tell you what happened. When I was in high school, four of us used to hang together and we saw him in his truck and my buddy say, man, that old your mama boyfriend with your mom? I said, no. I said, that's my mom boyfriend, but that's not my mom. It was another lady. So I got out the car, looked at him and said, Hey, You know I see you right? He said, oh hey, how you doing? Played it off. Come on to my mom house. I told my mother, I said, I seen him with another woman. He looked me dead in my, he said that was not, he did not see me. And my and my mother believed it.


Damn. But the reason she believed it, because I didn't like him. So she just kind of figured, I made up a story about him and she let it go. But it took her girlfriend or hers to see him say, I saw that dude with another woman. You know what I'm saying? It took her to tell me. Then she dated him like 16 years. Man. Damn. And that ought to take my mother. I don't wanna get married. I don't wanna get married. Okay, you don't wanna get married. But this dude's already married so you can't marry this dude's. Right. When she found out, she was like, she was to up. Yeah, I heard her. And you said your uncle Paul inspired you as far as comedy. 'cause he was the funniest person, You know? Yeah. Oh man, he was funny man. Okay. He tell a lie. Everybody got help me with this lie. Every lie he tip. Did I tell him? Yeah. He told Paul. Ain't say nothing. Everybody helped with his life.


But he was one of the best bakers in The World. He, he practically raised Gladys Knight back in the day. Mm. And they used to call him the sweet bread man. And Gladys Knight knew him. His name was Paul Henson Jr. And he went by the sweet bread man. 'cause he was the baker of, in Atlanta, Georgia. He was the man. And he talk about Gladys all the time. But Gladys And I was really raised on the same street. The street was Chestnut Street. They changed to James p Brawley. I was on four 15. She was on like 7 85, something like that. Just right up the street, like two blocks up. Did You know her? No. No. I was, I was a little kid. But she lived that when her first husband. You know what I'm saying? But Gladys's a girl. No man. Wow. How were you able to translate your funny to actually make a career of it.


But somebody like Uncle Paul who was funny, couldn't I don I don know my uncle Paul was just scared to go and say he was scared. See, see black people back in the day had the skill to do everything. But they were scared to do it. They had so much fear. See like young kids now they'll do it. They were like, I don't care, I'll do it. So I just took it and ran with him. My uncle, one of the best bakers in The World, he went against bakers from France and Italy, You know, from England. And he beat 'em all out. You know what I mean? Then he went to, he had a cheesecake that he made that was one of the best cheesecakes in The World and they tricked him out of it and didn't have sense enough to get a lawyer and everything. Gave him like $10,000. They clapping. He was all happy with he, but he stole his recipe. Yeah. When he could have got a hundred million, You know what I'm saying?


But just didn't have the sense and the knowledge to do that at the time. Oh. You know, I wanted to know as a child, was Bruce Bruce big as a child? No man. I was little bit. He used called me Lil Bruce, man, I didn't, I didn't get fat till I got married. I don't know why I got married. That's what I did. All that, all that kick younger. Oh my God. I wouldn't eat it man. I was just little bitty dude. Just one round, just messing with everybody. I was a little bitty kid, man. But when I got married I got fat. You know, that's what happened to us as black men. We get complacent. We get complacent with jobs. We get a job and it'd be, let's just say Ger Motors, we, we make a little money. Oh man, that's a good job. I don't care. Nothing about a good job. It's about getting out there, getting it. 'cause it's more than that than getting a good job. Hmm. I ain't like that question by the way. What you mean?


I didn't like the question he asked you. Wait, what was Bruce? Bruce Little was a child. Oh, thats Hard mean. Was he, was he a big child? Nah, I wasn't no fat kid, man. That he wanted to say. Yeah, he thought I was, he thought I was just couldn't clap my hand. He was little was a child. He a kid. Fat kid couldn't clap his hand. Y'all clap my hand. Ta ta ta. But no man, I was a little kid. Little cute joker man. Running around, messing with everybody and You know, we, we seen to lose focus and that's what happened. You lose focus, you start eating crazy. But now I'm back at it, man. I'm 62 years old, man. Wow. All we got more with Bruce. Bruce when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club comedian Bruce. Bruce is still here. Charlamagne now outta Def Comedy Jam.


Showtime at the Apollo and Comic View. Which one had the most impact on you? Comic view? Def Jam First. Def Jam was the star. Come on now we gotta give it Russell Simmons. I mean big up for him. Def Jam was good. But when I did Comic View, see Comic View started out as coast to coast. I don't know if y'all remember that. They used to come out to your city and come to a club and film you and then take it back. And DL was the, the host. And he's like, look. Went all the way down to Atlanta at a club called the Comedy Act Theater. And we seen this guy Bruce. Bruce. And they show me And I did the Coast Code when they first started. But I never forget the year that I host. It was probably the best year for me that I have ever experienced in my life.


They went from 10,000, 10 million viewers to 20 million viewers when I host. And it was great for me. It was good. I made some money. They gave me money for wardrobe. That's why I dressed in all them suits. 'cause I thought I was a pimp. You know what I'm saying? I thought I was a straight up pimp. Why do you help so many comedians? Comedians talk about that You've helped some, so many comedians in their, in their career, in their life. What, what gives you the energy? 'cause a lot of people be like, I ain't helping him 'cause he might get bigger than me. But you, you talked about so many communities You have. Oh my god, yeah. But so many helped me. I'll never forget when I first, when I was in the Cognac Theater in Atlanta and John with a spoon came to Atlanta and he looked at me, he say, you got it. He said, you really got it? He say, I like you. So he started telling me what to do and what not to do.


And he helped me. He took me in front his wing. Aldo Ray did the same thing. He helped me in on BET when I, he was my co-host. People don't realize that Renardo Ray was a college professor before he started doing comedy. He was extremely smart. And he would tell me, sometimes he say, turn your body to the right a little bit when you tell that joke it'll work better. And I'm like, how's that gonna work better? And it worked better. And then the last of the Mohicans who really told me, he say, you won't have to find them and they will find you. His name was Paul Mooney. Wow. The legend. Paul Mooney. He told me that. Rodney Winfield. Y'all remember Rodney Winfield? Yeah. My man took me. He say lot of these joke don't like you just because you're funny.


He says keep being funny. You gonna be all right. You just call me. Do shows with him, You know? You know, back in the day man, somebody say, man, we got a show paying $300. I'm like, let's go. You know these new kids now. He say, man, I got a show for you. How much they paying. Hold it player. Hold it. You ain't been seen walking by tv. Much less on tv. Mm. So what is you talking about? How much they paying? If I tell you about a show I'm


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play. And a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all, all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get. But I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa. Whatever it is they need. Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You wake up, put on your raybin meta glasses, classic style, innovative tech. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to make A latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey meta text my last photo to Eva. SendingMessage After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses. Raybin meta glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of meta ai. Listen to music, make hands-free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan meta glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Make sure you get paid. Just that simple. You think social media helped to hurt comedy? Oh it helped it charlamagne. I wish I had social media 35 years ago. Mm. Only thing we had was go in this city early, do radio, try to do TV to get people in there. The did Social media is a platform that really helped a lot of young comedians now, now veteran comedians like myself, they get pissed because all the new young comedians are coming up faster. I've been doing comedy for 25 years, 30 years. And he ain't been doing comedy for three months. I, I tell 'em like this, if you can't beat them, Joe winner and they're winning. So you might as well fall in the footstep. They are winning.


But that's why them younger comedians feel like that's why they're asking how much. Right. 'cause of they following on social media. Yeah. But then the only thing about it Charlamagne, is when they do get booked, only thing they got to say is what they did on social media. That's right. You got bring out more than that. That's right. You know you got that, that seven minutes you got, oh, it's fine. But what about this other 20 minutes they need you to do. You can tell when a person is bombing because they'll start talking real positive. You know, we need to take care of these kids, man. You know? Hey man, support these women, man. Hey man, these women need to support. They need you. Respect they bombing like hell yeah. They trying to get positive. That's his favorite part of a comedy show. Yeah. You know what it is? I like to see somebody try to dig themselves out of a hole when they bomb. Oh my God. If you see me laughing really hard.


Yeah, it's probably because you up there stinking and because I, I remember seeing you 'cause I watch you guys all the time. I remember seeing you on Ridiculousness, right? Chanel West Coast. You made her so mad. You and you was coming. You say, I never seen you on anything. I never seen you rap with. I I rap with Snoop. I she got pissed. They went to commercial. Yes. Yes. I think it happened twice. Am I right? No, it was one one time. Time. She was But do she rap? I don't. Yeah. Yeah. I think she did. Okay. Okay. But I didn't know her but I, I looked at you and I'm like, oh my God. She's pissed. She got pissed. She moved that hair back, the commercial commercial and she came back. She was more calm. Yeah, we're back here. Charle pissed her off.


He said, I never seen you. Nothing. I never seen you but Snoop, I never seen you too short. I never seen you. She was pissed. I laughed so hard at that. That was so good. How big of a deal is it now for a comedian to have a special? Does it even matter? Well let You know. It's funny you said that. Man, uhoh specials are good. I just got signed for a Netflix special. Okay. Hey. And the reason, the reason I just took it. I wasn't gonna do it. I was gonna do it myself. Like pivot it, make them buy, You know what I'm saying? But they offered it to me. We gonna do it. We're gonna do it I think around August. So just shoot in Atlanta. No, no, no, no, no. We're gonna go somewhere else. I wanna go somewhere. Somebody think I'm a superstar. You know what I'm saying? In Atlanta, superstar in Atlanta. No, I'm just average. What's up bro? That man, You know, they see me in the gross up, bro.


What's happening? But I go somewhere like Chicago or or Texas. Oh my God. That's where I want to go in Atlanta. It's my city. I love it. I still live there and I had a place in LA for like 30 years. LA is just la You pay, they make you pay for the weather. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Everything is just so high. It's just ridiculous. It is. I've got a couple more questions. You know, there's a stigma about black comedians wearing dresses to be funny or having to wear a dress to get to that next level. What, what's your thoughts on that? Well, You know, I'm gonna be honest with you man. I did, I did. It's funny you said that. I did a TV show that I taped one time, never came out. It's called Bruce, Bruce Bounty Hunters. I was a bounty hunter. I played a bounty hunter. I played a preacher called Reverend Get Money. It was Reverend Get Money. And I played a mother named Mother Marshall, which was crazy.


But Mother Marshall was a real lady in my church that I mimic, I copied off of. And I also played a, I did it in Indianapolis And I did not feel comfortable in that dress. Mm. You know what I'm saying? At all? And some people could do it. Some people, if it worked for you, it'd do it. Flip Wilson did it when he did Geraldine. You know, 'cause Flip Wilson's show was a variety show, which I love. 'cause it wasn't a black show. It was a show for everybody. And that's what people gotta understand. But if they wanna dress up in a dress, do your thing. You know? But that's not my thing. Tyler Perry made it big. He he's, he's one of the best. But to me, I love Tyler Perry. But Joe is funny than Tyler Perry. Than, than my deal. No. When he plays Joe, when he plays Joe, Joe is funny.


Joe is funny. Yep. Joe have a oxygen tank. Yep. And smoke weed, smoking weed, coughing. And I say thank you Jesus. You know what I'm saying? So when he plays Joe, Joe is the funniest dude. That's just me. I think. I love living a lot with Joe too. Yeah. I love Madea. But Joe Joe's funny to you. Oh my God, Joe is funny. And see back then we, we used to see people in the dresses. I even see like when he used to do Men on film, on the living color. It was just funny. Like yeah, it was funny. I never thought nothing of it. Men on film was the thing. Remember when they talked about Moby Dick? Moby Dick that gets two snaps and a kiss and a roundabout. Remember they the twist? Yeah. Yeah, the twist. Yeah. Why do you have to say your name twice? I call. My mom used to call me twice. My momma said If I call you the third time, I'm gonna kill you.


So my mother said, if I call you three times, you going to die today. And my mother was a little woman about one 40. I mean, she was just but loving and knew how to make her way outta no way. Most mothers do. That's why it's always good when you do get successful and you start making money, make sure you take care of your mama. And one thing you gotta realize, it don't take much like you think it does. That's right. People think like, well I gotta do. No, your mama don't want that much. She just wanna make sure she's okay. She's comfortable and she got a little money. My mother, last 20 years of her life, I made sure she was straight. Didn't pay no bills, nothing. But it didn't take much. But then when your family members found out about it, they started trying to use you too. You know, my mom going through something. Well that's your mother.


This one is mine. Well lay. You have it. That's for real. Well lay. You have it. It's Bruce. Bruce. Yeah. We've been trying to get Bruce, Bruce up here for a minute, man. Because You know I've always disrespected you as a, as a comedy legend, man. That's right. I mean you a icon. So salute you Bruce. Bruce, thank for coming. Bruce. Bruce, respect. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club World this morning. Show The Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. And it's time for Pastor A. Yeah.


Dj. Come Spin. Spin. Big Nyla. What's up guys? Happy holidays. Happy Holidays. I'm so sad. That's our last day. I really love coming in here. This is the last past the Aox of the New Year. Y'all have to be very intentional with your words. Oh, I'm so sorry. Yes. This is the last past the aox of the new segment of the of 2024 Felise Neva. Like the drones just gonna start shooting and dropping bombs. And it's our last day. What? No, No, no, no, no, no. Don't even speak that over here. Please. That's What I just told you. I know, but you just made it worse. You made it diabolical. Okay, anyway. Pessimistic. It's the holidays. What are we even talking about right now? Yeah, all I was just saying is Not a bell. Jingles. Everybody Can't have the same optimism as yet. Dress more.


Okay. Every time you walk in there, she thinks she can do something that she can't. Oh my God. Okay. I don dunno What's going saying when you try to reach your brother, the fridge. It's cool. Yes. All right, let's go. It's true. It's Go ahead, Nyla. Come on. Be Optimistic. Lord Have murder. Who are you lighting fired for? Say he gotta burn Sage. You need to be burning sage because the energy in, You know, anyway, you're gonna hell out. Don't even celebrate Christmas. Well, all right, I wanna get into this artist named DC the Dawn. I actually just interviewed him on my podcast. We need to talk And I really loved his energy, so make sure you guys check that out. But my favorite record off of his tape called Rebirth, it's called Fly Enough to be Virgil. Okay. Okay. I like that. He said a false prophet tried to tell him it's about the money. And he said what?


Forget that I got purpose. I like that. Yeah, he, how Much money was it? Oh my God. Stop. Nah, for real. Like when you, when you doing stuff that is creative or You know you doing stuff that you, you actually want to impact people. As soon as you start talking money, God leaves the room. Mm. Oh Wow. I believe that. Yeah, he's young too young and wise. So shout out to DC Don. Don't gimme the lion. It's towards the West coast but not the west coast. Like a Arizona. I would hope it was dc. No, why You was hoping it's D. Oh, okay. All right. Next we got Milwaukee you said. Oh, Milwaukee. Yes, from Milwaukee. Shout out to Milwaukee. All right, next we got Rat Attack by Denzel Curry in oh three Grito.


So that's the flip on the King Bond. Look it to the O. Got a drop. Okay. I like that. I don like it. Yeah, it does sound like it. Even a flow. I didn't people that actually until you said that, but yeah, it does. Okay, so yes, Denzel Curry. Oh three Grito. Next we're gonna get into our r and b bag. Jaqui and Delo I, I think are gonna come back and give us another joint mix tape, but the single that they dropped so far is called just another love song. I like that. How long has it been since Veteran in the club? It's been at least You know you're on the radio. Lauren. What she Talking to you like? Y'all just talking Because it was my, it was my intrusive thought of like I was remembering that time and when that it was A great era Of in the club and even when it played nows it still lit. So it doesn't feel like they haven't made music together in a while.


They just a good duo. I feel like it's almost been like 10 years too. That's crazy how much that song take you back. Yes. Good time. That's why I'm excited for the tape. I'm glad they're both getting back active again. Especially for D Dage. 'cause I haven't heard from her And Dge hasn't put out music in a long time. Those are some good Bobs. You picked this this morning Now Wait, I got one more. Okay. You, this is my last one. This is from an artist named Sailor. She's been going viral. She's this Asian girl but she sings and is she in the Navy? What? Which Navy? Let's Hear. I guess I gotta do with anything I, I would've never guessed she was Asian. Her voice Is Beautiful. I know it's great. But that's why the internet is like gooing and gagging over it. Like I've never heard an Asian sing ever. Yeah. Now that I think about it, I've never heard an Asian sing.


Have you ever heard Asian sing? Well shout out to Sailor. I'm super excited to see where she takes her career. 'cause her video went viral. Now everybody's trying to hop on the bandwagon. She Dope too. Her aesthetic is Fly. Aesthetic is dope. She wears like these black grills. Yeah, It's like anime. Yeah, it's kind of anime. But someone told me that it's like normal in their culture. Oh they wear Black girls. They have like black, they pink their teeth black, but I'm not sure why. So y'all got a problem with blackface but not black teeth. You know what I'm saying? Y'all ain't consistent. That's your problem. Ain't A holiday episode at Y'all. Not consistent Nla give your Instagram and stuff. Yes. Make sure you guys follow me on the gram at N-Y-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E.


If you guys like the music you heard, all you gotta do is click the link in bio and all. It'll be right there. And then also shout out to SSA because I know she dropped the deluxe today. I just wasn't able to cover it 'cause I don't have the songs. You've been giving real Newport 100 energy all this little second. I Know real. No real black and mild. Like I'm confused. You don't champ the black either. Why you saying That to Nala? I'm Talking to you. You talking to you been handling this. You don't smell like smoke. You Know I don't. I smell good's. Nothing about you smell. He's talking about you. You give Newport Energy disgust. This is the holidays about you. That is disgusting. A jingle a bell somewhere. Happy Holidays. DJ N B's coming up next with the People's choice mix. Even though he's not really here, but I'm sure he left something.


It's The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, well you got a positive Note. I do, man. The positive note comes from late. Great Colin Powell, I love this because I live this And I want everybody to apply this to their life. If you are going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. Listen to what I just said. If you're going to achieve excellence in big things, you develop the habit in little matters. You gotta be excellent with the so-called little things before you can be excellent with the so-called big things. 'cause excellence is not an exception. It is a prevailing attitude. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done


the holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be mer, be bright. Be loved This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry. Bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusions. Apply.