
Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose. Open Earbuds, or stylish, the color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


Welcome home. Y'all. Welcome here. It's Native Lamp Pod here with The. Breakfast. Club. Thank you. Yay. We are your host. I'm Angela Rye. Andrew Gillum. Tiffany Cross. Ard McKelvy. DJ Vy or La Rosa. Today. Where we at? Where we at? HU. That Other hq, Not dj M Envy's. H You know They got the h You. Yes. A Howard person will say the real HU. But I, I know I just represented for Howard. We don't have to, but we call HBCU Love tonight. All love. We got a lot of HBCU love on the panel tonight. We at fam U before Should actually we should do a roll call. What we got should Do a roll call. DAU, The Florida a and m University Fam UI Have an honorary doctorate from Wiley College.


I got an honorary doctorate from South Carolina State University. Go bull dogs. The real HU Hampton University. Delaware State University is in the building. Yeah. Alright, Y'all, how much, how much student loan debt up here though? Let's talk about that. I ain't Got nothing, brother. It's all out. Go. I was say Obama wasn't You. know what I mean? So he took care of us. I good. I was real, real good. That's Good. But now we're on the campus of the Howard University. And. I. Gotta tell you. I think I was, I was, I was feeling like tonight was gonna be significant in the first place. But to have the first time that a campus, a college campus is used and an election night victory for any candidate for president over the history of this country has never happened before.


The first time it happens. Yeah. It happens on the grounds of a historically black college and university. The first for many, the founding place for almost every black Greek organization, And, I, think a model for many HBCUs around the country. Just excellent academics, excellent athletics, music, culture, access to government, the, it's an incredible school. A great representation of HBCUs. Even though what's happening here tonight, You know, we saw before we, we came on live with you guys, the homecoming court walk down and we saw the young students in their crowns and You know their royal regalia. And, I. Just, it felt like Wakanda come to life. And I. Think for any of us who attended HBCUs, you hear people say, oh, I wish Wakanda was real.


Well it was real. Yeah. For us, during, during that time, And I feel that here tonight, the Divine Nine just did a, a universal step show on stage. And then there's a lot of strolling happening. And I'm thinking about the people on the press risers who don't look like us, who are probably Quite confused. Confused everybody. Like, what is going on on this stumping Everyone's jumping around with excitement for Harris tonight. Okay. They, they're jumping around for excitement for her, but also it feels spiritual out here. Yeah. And I will just say, this is going to be the blackest election night coverage you have today. This is and a joy. It feels like a family reunion to be with y'all. And it's such a remarkable place.


I have watched Breakfast Club Soar politically. Yeah. Like you guys engage and have talked to so many candidates and it was a necessary stop. Now it's a requirement. You guys, for the first time are doing election night coverage. And I. Gotta know how it feels. Don don't know yet. I'm Saying I'm nervous. I'm, I'm waiting to see if praying grandmothers. 'cause I believe in praying grandmothers. Yeah. It's a whole lot of praying grandmothers all across the country tonight. Yes. So we gonna see, because if, if, if things don't go the way we want 'em to go, we gonna have to think twice about the praying grandmother thing. Oh My God. You don't gonna have to think twice about that. But you got every, you got every black grandmother in America praying right now.


Every single One. Yeah. Everyone. Yeah. Come On now. Yeah. God gave gave a choice though. You were so confident earlier. What happened? Oh, I'm still confident. Okay. But I'm confident. Where are we right now? 'cause people are texting my phone and people are saying things like, should we be panicking? I'm like, what are you talking about? It's early. It's early. It's so early. Poll had to Early, close some Places. That's right. Right. And with the likelihood of us knowing who the next president is tonight Yeah. Is really slim. You'll call in 2020. We didn't know until the Saturday after Tuesday's election. And so I would tamper expectations here that we will Have A result tonight. Well, I think know some things, even If We don't have the total results from every state. Right. Certain precincts perform certain ways in states. For instance, in my state, I can tell you where the Redwoods are going.


The super Ruby Redwood will be Florida. And if they are less than that, if the, the red is not as dark, meaning it's a light pink. Which means some of those voters in those red districts have gone over. Yeah. And voted blue in those places. Diminishing the power of, of the Republican voters. So Day County came through for Trump Today. Tonight though, day County has come through, unfortunately the last three, four cycles of Republican. I just wanted to say present Cuban that I asked The, Breakfast, Club folks, how they felt about doing. They Feel good. They Talk about it, but no, only one talked about it. We ain't, or Lauren, I just wanna make sure I would say this. It's, it's a feeling that I I've it feels like a family reunion. Like Lauren And I went on the yard.


We were partying with, with the students, with the alumni. And it's not just Howard University students. Yeah. It's all HBC. I mean, we've seen people from FMU, we've seen people from North Carolina a and t. We see some Hampton University people, some Morgan State people. And they're just excited. Yeah. They're just, they feel like they're seen finally. Yeah. And it's, it's a great opportunity just to be there with them. Like, it, it's like no other, like, I thought it was like homecoming, but this is better than a homecoming feeling. Yeah. So I'm really enjoying the moment. What about you Lauren? I feel like I had ran into I Don You know where the drinks at. I about, how about when you you do too much.


Go ahead. I'm listening. Lauren. No, I can't act up. 'cause Angela right up here. When you said that, I looked like who, who knows where. No. Gotta be careful. You gonna end up. Okay. We carry on, Lord. Anyway, I had, I was up when we were walking back from the yard, I saw Abel Ryan. I was like, oh my God, it's Abel, Ryan, And, I. I was like, I'm gonna go over and say hi to her. And when I went over and she was, and we were talking, she came up here, she said the same thing. She was like, media, black media feel seen because it's like they in our home right now, anybody who doesn't look like us tonight, we gotta explain what is happening. But breaking down You know she's been on the hill for a very long time. She's been holding it down. And a lot of times she goes to battle with people who don't look like her. So she's like, oh, it is reversed now. She was Literally the only black representation we had in the White House pressure for a long time.


So she, you are watch watching Black History happen, Lauren. That's right. We love it. So one of the things that I think we should address is this whole electoral college versus popular vote thing. Correct. A lot of people have been asking questions about that. Yeah. We got some smart folks up here Who taking that on Tiffany Cross look like she's ready. Well, I, I, I honestly think that is something I'm looking out for tonight. Yeah. I think there will be, I've long said on NLP that I am anticipating political violence. I think the violence will happen in the courts. And I think there will be violence in the streets already. We've seen fake electors in Wisconsin. People who have been election deniers put in positions of authority will see tonight if Republican governors who did not, if the election results did not go their way, will they certify results?


We are at a time. Of course they won't. Well, well, we don't know. We'll see. Reflect. We are at a time where we are really questioning will people accept election results they don't like. Now I will point out the slithering example out of Georgia. When Donald Trump did ask the Secretary of State there to find him 11,000 votes, those Republicans said no. Right now, the election deniers have been elevated in their roles of power. When we saw the, the insurrection here in Washington DC and the nation's capital and January 6th, this is a unique space. We have over 30 plus law enforcement agencies. When you consider electors out in some of these jurisdictions, they don't have that same level of protection. Well, let Me ask you a question. Yeah. Can you break down for, for like, even my kids wanted to know why did they have an electoral college?


Why was it created? Like everybody says the popular vote should win, but it was created for a particular reason. Can you explain why it was created for people that don't know? Yes. It was, The group don't have no voting Power. Precisely. It, it was opposite that that really is what it was. The enslaved were literally used to, To the electoral college was, was put into place because they feared The balance of power. More Populated states. The bigger states, the New Yorks of the time, the Pennsylvanias of the time would basically use their populations. The Bigfoot, the Southern, all of the agrarian areas, all the farmers. These are the planting class. The people who had the money. They didn't Mostly southern states, but it was the mostly southern states.


They were mostly southern states who were afraid that northeastern states populations, The Confederates Overate them. Right. So they, the confederate, the framers, we weren't, we didn't have confederates yet. The framers at the time I'm clear, established that they would appropriate based off of populations and then allotting respective states to receive votes that they would then cast those votes in an electoral college convention for whoever would be president. I just, I do wanna point out there, they did not have the confederacy, but they had confederate mentality already. And it absolutely electoral is a vestige of slavery and is absolutely racist foundation. So it preceded slavery.


But that's not true. That's not true. It 1619, It preceded slavery's ending is Im saying Yes. But weren't, The country didn't conceive of ever having to give votes to black people. That's right. They didn't conceive of it. They Racist. And weren't they split over the fact? Didn't some of them want the popular vote, but then some of them wanted Congress to be able to decide the president, They, they wanted electors. They wanted the people to inform who the delegates would be to the convention to decide the president. So why can't we get rid of it? Now, that was a constitutional Amendment. Don't Don't believe Republicans will allow basically the electoral college to be demolished because they have more power. Gotcha. Gotcha. They have more power into that system.


Iowa, none of us are moving there. Right. That state will remain what it looks like. And therefore they're gonna continue to be able to bigfoot over states. Like there's no reason California that basically half the vote that comes outta the state means nothing. Andrew, how big of a deal was the Iowa poll this week? That came Out. Big ass deal. Okay. It was the big deal because the last president to win the state of Iowa's Barack Obama, and again, at that time it was by close margins. They were just polled six months before. And Donald Trump had a 27%, 27 point lead to look now and see that, that she crept up to potentially three points ahead of him and a three point You know margin of of era is incredible.


Wow. And it's likely because of the abortion ban that was implemented in that state has had now almost seven, six months at a go. And people don't like what they're seeing. Right. But You know, I we're saying it's incredible and yes, it is incredible in terms of what we know about the country. But I wanna punctuate that point with it is fucking incredible that she is in competition with this halfwit man You know. Yes. With everything he has done, the fact that the race is this close, this right. Is a travesty. I'm, I'm so proud as a, a black person and particularly a black woman to see the most qualified woman who has worked in every branch of government. The executive, the legislative, well, she hasn't worked in the, the judicial, but she was on the, the senate, she senate judiciary committee.


So I was an attorney. She's right. She had court. Yes. Precisely. So she had a role in the judiciary branch as well. This man has no plans, no experience. His first job in government was as president of the United States. And the race is this close. So I trust that America will do the right thing tonight. But I've been saying either way America will get the president they deserve tonight. Yes. And that's what, Go ahead. I was gonna ask you, so with everything that you just said, right, it being that close, when Kamala wins, what is she up against? Because we talk about a lot about, like You know, you still gotta challenge your person that you want to win. You still gotta, what is she up against? Because there's a lot of people, 'cause that margin is close, that are like, she shouldn't be there.


What does that look like? What does the first day out look like? First week out? Well, she's gonna have to use her executive power on day one. We'll have to see what the legislative branch looks like. What will will Democrats, right. What will Democrats control? Will Democrats control the Senate? Will Democrats control the house? I will, will jump out and say, I think Democrats will take the house, which will give us another historic position in making congressman from Brooklyn, Hakeem Jeffries, the first black speaker of the house. The first black male speaker of the house. So I can imagine that there are some pockets of conservative America that will lose their mind. Right. And, I think she'll be, if the, if the Republicans control the Senate, it can be a deadlock.


I mean, 'cause that is the courts, that's where you confirm justices. So it can be challenging. On the other side of that though, she will also have to confront demands on the left. She's made some strange bedfellows in bringing coalitions together this cycle. And she has extended herself to Republicans. She has promised Republicans positions in the cabinet. She's promised to have a bipartisan legislation. And so I think on our side, as people who support her Yeah, for sure. We still have to hold her accountable to our agenda. Absolutely. And there are people who want for sure. Absolutely. A, a, a ceasefire in Gaza. She's gonna have to deal with that. The black man agenda that she put out. That was a plan.


Thank you. You wanna see it executed. Right. So she she will have her hands full on that. I want, I wanna ask you about that Tiff. If, if, if she loses, which, which don don't think she will, I don't know. But would, would that be a testament to like, do big, do big tent politics still work? Or should you be focusing on niche groups? You can't. Well, 'cause she, because she brought together Republicans. She's brought together progressives. She's brought together You know black men, Latino men. If, do big tent politics still work? Or should you be focused or should you be focusing on niche groups? I think that is big tent politics to focus on. I know What I'm saying. If she loses though, is what I'm saying. Yeah, No, I, I think should, should she lose, which again, don don't think that's gonna happen. Should she lose? I would say that the country has shown yet again that they do not want a black woman as president.


Even when you see a lot of the exit polls and you're asking people what are your issues that you care about? And you have people in Wisconsin saying immigration, what is your big immigration in Wisconsin immigration issue in Wisconsin? That is subtext to me for, I don't want these black and brown people taking over the country. I think we have to look ahead and start moving in conviction by the year 2044, there will be no racial majority in this country. So I think Big 10 politics includes all of us. And this is the time that we're seeing what does a, a government that is for the people, by the people of the people look like what it includes all of us. Before we would have to wait, what the white folks gonna do. How they gonna vote. I think we have to let go of that frame of thought. And, I, think this election tonight will show that is an antiquated way of thinking and moving forward, we finally have the privilege to vote with our convictions and not wait to be led by the white voting block in this Country.


Charlamagne, I think the last time we are in the last stages of, of why big tick politics, big tech politics. Explain what is people that you're right. So typically if you are a Republican, you can rely on the fact that the color of your skin is largely going to be the prerequisite to you being a member of the party. That's why it is the whitest party of the two party system. Democratic side. Our coalition is built up in order to get to 50 plus one, which is half plus one person or one vote. You've gotta be able to, if if the color of our skin is not the thing that unites us under one party because we're not enough, we may get 11% of the population. We need the other 40. Whatever that's right. To get us over. And so if the Democratic party has to get a slice of the Latino community, we have to get a slice of the white female vote.


We even have to earn a slice of white male votes in our coalition right now. LGBT go beyond that and list all of the others. That's what the party's made up of. And its politics is about that, about that complex. Right. Because you gotta meet everybody where You know where their need is. And unfortunately right now, white, the white majority, the white maj conservative majority is still, quite frankly close to 51%. Yeah. So they could vote together and still be able to hold this thing. But soon, and you've already saw, pointed out, it won't be enough to just say, we are in community because we are the majority. 'cause we're all white. Right. Right. You're gonna, they're gonna have to do and say more to bring more people their direction in order for them to win elections.


I'd like to ask y'all as a call in show you get the voice from Yeah. From the American people very directly almost every single day. Oh, absolutely. And I'd love to hear, when did the tenor of your listeners begin to shift to a place where it was no longer just skeptical of a Kamala Harris, but it began to really embrace what a Kamala Harris presidency could look like. I don't Even I don. Maybe that's on the other side. I don't hope they have yet. I I still didn't feel that. Oh, not, yeah. I still didn't feel that totally yet. Now I can tell you when it happened for me personally, I don. When, if I remember when it was first announced, I was talking to Charlemagne about it. I didn't, I was like, I don't know if this is the way, like I was nervous because I felt like she had been pushed to the back behind Biden. I mean, she's bp so like You know she has to be there.


But I was like, don don't know if the push can be strong enough. 'cause it was just, it was such a gray cloud over it. And then that first day I was like, oh, like this was the answer the whole time. Like just sitting right here, sitting right there. I I saw the way that The World was reacted to her. And it's the momentum. And I felt like, okay, if she really knows herself, what she does, if she's really qualifi qualified, what she is, she has the background. What she does, all she need is the, the platform, the people. And now it's here You know what I mean? I think people realize when, when I, I think people started not liking Joe Biden when they started seeing, I would say early signs of dementia where he just didn't see me. No. It, I would say that And I think people, that was the truth. That's what I seen. I said, I Never like that man ain't got dementia. I wish y'all would stop dying.


I didn't say he had dementia. I said it's well, we, we don't Dunno if he does or does. It's given, there's something that we don't know. There was something happening there or so I don and it wasn't right. And I think can't confirm. People are way out. And when they seen Kamala, I think it was like, wow. She is what people are saying. And then when she get to talk to her, you start seeing her speak and, and seeing who she is. I mean, he not wrong. It was when that money started coming in, when she raised all that money. The media, I'm trying to tell you also, She lied. She locked up the delegates in 35 hours. I'm like, don don't know. People realize like, this don't be happening. It's like a black woman. Like Yeah. Well you guys, speaking of big tents, I think it's really important for us to recognize there was a big tent on the stage. That that was, there was a powerful moment and a display of black unity.


Normally you see these folks as step shows and it's a battle. It's a full on battle. Another state. I know it's a full on battle. And today we have them joining us. It is the D nine. Everybody the divine nine. Y'all need come right here. Line up behind us. Y'all. Come on. Come on, come on. We got the Alphas. The Kappas. The Deltas Right here. The Zeda Friday. Who on the a, a, a. All right. Y'all look for, you guys can line up in front of AKA I'm missing wrap Around and line up in front. Just watch that phone, honey. There you go. You're all good. Hey y'all, I just can't feel in right here. I got 'em. So we, we I'm gonna pass. This mic is on. I'm gonna pass y'all this mic.


Talk to us about how you're feeling tonight. It's on. Yes you can. Okay. No. Okay. Here we go. It's not on. It's on. Is it on? Is that on? It's on. Oh, she didn't hear me. Oh. The question was, how are you all feeling tonight? Good. We're good. We're feeling very excited. Tell us your name and where you're from. My name is Imani Smith. I'm from Los Angeles, California. All right. West coast. All right. Tell us how you're feeling, y'all. We got, we have another mic. Where is it, Leonard? Right here. I Think this one's on check, check, check on. It's on now. Yep. Use that one. You can just pass them down. Yes. I got you. There You go. Hello all. My name is Jamari Robinson. I'm a junior criminology and political science double major. Military science minor from Columbus, Georgia, by the way of Palm Beach, Florida.


And. I. Feel great tonight to see history be made. All right. That's It. Hello everyone. My name is Lauren Marshall. I'm a senior health scientist major from the biggest city in the best city, Chicago, Illinois. All right. Hi everybody. My name's Zaria Jones. I'm a junior human development major from Atlanta, Georgia, Atlanta. Hi, my name is Taylor Beard. I'm a junior journalism major. Business administration minor from Southern Maryland all Brandon. Hey gentlemen. Y'all still got the mic? Yep. Yeah, You introduce Yourself brother. Hi, Brandon McCaskill, junior finance major from Detroit, Michigan. I feel extremely excited about tonight. I think we're all very, very proud of our university and the products of it. And You know thankful to be here for sure.


Detroit, right? You lost up? Yep. Yep. The mic honey. Hello, my name is Kirsten Branch And. I'm from Houston, Texas. All right. H now. Alright, Next fella. Go ahead Mike. Introduce yourself. Introduce yourself. Where are you from? Where you from? Hi y'all. How You feeling? My name is Mackay Emanuel. I'm a junior sports medicine major. Psychology minor from Queens, New York. Queens New York. Yes sir. Alright. Hello, my name is Jay Armand. I'm a senior journalism major, business administration minor from Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Amazing. What's up y'all? My name is Joshua Jean Luie. I am a graduating senior music education major, classical voice minor from Houston, Texas by way of Lafayette, Louisiana.


Alright. Hello everyone. My name is Devin McDaniel. I am a senior finance major from Trenton, New Jersey. All that. Did we get everybody? Hello everyone. My name is Kalia Leach. I am a senior public relations major. Sports administration minor from Baltimore, Maryland. Amazing. I think it's a mic right there. This a mic over there. Hello, my Bryce Face. I'm a junior health science major. Biology minor from Berkeley Heights, New Jersey. How y'all doing? My name is Jordan Newsom. I'm a senior biology honors major chemistry minor from Brooklyn, New York. Oh, New York is heavy over here. Everybody introduce me. Hello Everyone. My name is Chase Cubia.


I am a junior finance major from Grand Rapids, Michigan. I think last but not least. Hey guys. My name's Dylan Thomas. I'm a senior business major from Houston, Texas. Happy to be here. All right, let's give it up at the Divine nine. You guys welcome y'all. Kamala Harris. How Y'all feeling about the night? Get the mic. Get the mic. The Mic in the mic. There's hope and there's fear. I think maybe equally so of both, but we're choosing to stay optimistic no matter what we're seeing. 'cause we've been over here with you guys. So I pray that everything is going well. But I think that with democracy on the ballot, it's super important that we have somebody that is standing as a beacon of hope in the same way that hopefully we're able to be there You go.


Easy. I love it. Well thank you guys so much for joining us and give it up at the Divine nine. All right, well thank Y all much. We are going to be watching and praying with y'all and we appreciate you joining Native Land pod of The. Breakfast Club. See you soon. All right. All I gotta ask you guys, any of you guys pledge while you No. Didn't pledge? No. No. There's no Greek c Hampton tonight p No. Okay. No. My brother is a, a member of Phi Beta Sigma. I was Ms. Black and gold. That's it. Alright. And now you don't pledge outfit. You said Hampton is the white. You wanna step. They wanna, they want they wanna step that hilarious picture.


Let's do it. Oh, you said you stepped there. Want a step we thought there that Is. I thought said y'all wanted to step my bad Shout out to CIA Barry. Our good friend from the DNC who brought over the divine nine come Over this way. The, I felt like the lighting is better. Watch that phone honey. That's why I was saying I didn't want y'all to bump it. Don't fall. Yeah, we got, that's our connection to the, to the riser. Okay. So while they're taking selfies, we are back with live night coverage. If you're just now joining us, we are live at the Mecca at U Howard University in Washington DC where Kamala Harris is expected to address a very large lively step dance and crown tonight. So anyway, we are back at it. And we were talking about how we're feeling.


We asked the young people, they Sound like us. Any numbers? What We looking at? Well right now, should We even be looking at numbers right now? Yeah, that's the thing. You know I can't help it. I'm looking, You get like little increments of numbers coming in. I don't know that we'll see. They'll announce on the screen over there. So we'll see when they start projecting states for Anytime you hear chair right, anytime you hear him cheering, that usually means we have some stam. One state, And I think the other thing to know is overall, if maybe we can talk overall vote count. Harris right now has 26,965,228 votes. Donald Trump has 30,179,993 votes. And others, other candidates have a 745,000 plus votes.


So that's a significant number for, for the others. Maryland, Massachusetts, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington DC have all been called for Kamala project. She's projected to win those states. And Mississippi, oh sorry, lemme start at the top here. Louisiana. She Protected to win Delaware too. Oh, did I skip Delaware? Yes. I'm sorry honey. You're And. I voted for her in Delaware today. Said you said I made that. Yeah, That happened. What about the battle? Alabama, Arkansas. Florida, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Missouri, North Dakota, Oklahoma, South Carolina. Way to Goard, South Dakota, Tennessee. I'm pretty on brand. Texas, West Virginia and Wyoming have all been projected.


I wonder if we have, because in Delaware we also stand to get another black woman elected Senate Senator Lisa Blunt Rochester. Has that race been called? Do we have data on that? I don't see that on Twitter. Well, I'm gonna address her Twitter y y'all got the official stuff. I got Twitter on her. I'm gonna address her as Senator Lisa Blood Rochester. Assuming that will happen. Another state that she on that you talked, they called Lisa. Yes. Has been called with 56.4% of the vote. So she is officially a senator. She will be what she Sworn in. Amazing. Absolutely. And and Marilyn, she also have another black woman poised to go to the Senate and, And that has not yet been called. But she, it looks like she's winning right now. She's leading with 50% of the vote in 55.4% to 42.6%.


And I don't know why it's not called. But she's got a strongly Against Former governor Larry Hogan in in Maryland. Republican governor that she's squaring off against. So I, you can't see what's happening behind us. There is a, a massive crowd. Yes. Right here on Howard's campus who are excited to Be, it has to be over 20,000, 30,000 people out there. Yeah, I would agree. There's a lot disturb. It's a sea of us and it looks beautiful. I think they've been serving food Tiffany. 'cause everybody over there got quiet and still they were answering all kinds of stuff. Little while That is true. Fan of the line. Maybe they all went to Chick-fil-A like you. Or Maybe I gonna say maybe Leonard is projecting You know They wasn't. They were dancing, They were going like lying and all that, the wobble. But They've been here for a long time.


They've been here at least five, six o'clock dancing for five six. They tired. They Ready celebrate. So will they stay here the entire time? Absolutely. Okay. Yes. Yeah. She will speak tonight, right? Regardless. Right. Yes. She will come out and address the crowd at some point. But again, I You know, I don't think that she will be able to declare anything tonight. And even if she were, I wonder Lisa, we can confirm that Senator Lisa Blunt Rochester is a senator. Angela said that. But I Wanna shout out Lolo. Thanks. On the side. I don know What she could hear. She might not be able to hear us. Yeah. Yeah. So she needs Some headphones. She needs some headphones immediately. 'cause she didn't hear us call that race already. Yeah. But thank you. Love keep telling us just in case we miss it. So thank you. None of those states You named, there's no surprises in none of those states though.


I don't You know what I'm gonna tell you guys and they, they're probably gonna laugh at me. Andrew's driving me crazy. I'm an optimist. Oh, okay. Well what did I do? You know he Keeps You were saying And, I thought you said I'm driving crazy. Well, I was just gonna say, when we did our live show from FMU on Friday, we had the state director from Harris for President on and she said she thought that Florida would surprise us that she thought it was trending in the right direction. But I gotta tell you, this is not the right direction. That's right. Direction. I told you that's not how, what I see that I told you from jump, that wasn't happening. Thank Andrew. That's so kind of you. I see. I didn't, I didn't think Florida You know Florida for people out there who are, are younger and may not remember Florida used to be a purple state, which it was a swing state. You didn't know which way it was gonna go. Ohio, same thing.


Used to be a swing state. And now they're not the political juggernauts that they once were. Florida is solid red Ohio is solid red. It's gone Republican in the past, I think four election cycles. So we are really looking at a brand new electoral map here tonight. And it's crazy 'cause the, the entire landscape, the, the map has been thrown out since 2016. Yeah, I know. We have our brother here from Florida tonight. But Lennar, you'll recall how I feel about Florida. Oh, absolutely. You called it the, The dick of the Country. The of the country. Jeez. Damn. Wait minute. The what? Excuse Me Lord. I need to Go. It's the country. Calm down Lord. Oh, I was just, that caught me off guard. I didn't Well there actually Is data around Florida.


I mean it really has the data Around Florida being The dick of the country. Yeah. Yeah. I, yes. And I'll tell you why I did not And I. I'll Tell you why. It, because it has become a safe haven for white supremacists. If you look at activity down there. The FBI has already documented and confirmed that the greatest domestic security threat is white supremacy. White supremacy groups. And that is a largely concentrated in Florida. So much so that there was a challenge in the punitive system down there in the prisons where the prison guards were also members of white supremacy gangs and abusing the prisoners there. So it's prevalent in every part of government in, in Florida.


So, wow. Yeah. Florida can be castrated except for, for Andrew Wilding over here. I mean she going so I'm only thinking of every other sentence All say is You know the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. Tiffany want to castrate the whole Florida Tell You, what were you able to do in Florida, Andrew that was different than other politicians? Yeah. I I, one I don't think Florida is solidly red. Okay. I think they have beat Democrats into submission in Florida. You know when you win, so much of you then win and you change the laws to favor you. It's hard to compete in a system that is so terribly imbalanced. Right. But in our race, I mean we had to literally, I mean I spent two years knocking on doors and talking to people who don't get talked to in politics to convince them, one, that the government was something that should work for them.


Right. And two, that if I get elected, if it isn't a government that serves you, we're going to bend it so that it does. And if it doesn't bend, then we'll break it and we'll start again so that it meets your needs. And, I think we were able to convince a lot of people that that vision was possible. Now Republicans, again, they've taken the state. If you're Walt Disney World, the biggest corporation in the state of Florida, and a governor literally kicks your teeth in and sets an example for any other corporation in the state. If you step outside a line like the Gestapo outcome and get you, then you start to quell a lot of opposition voices under that environment. That's exactly what Trump wants to replicate in the country.


He wants things to happen. 'cause he says so looks Like what is Something good may have Happened? Now somebody did text me and they said, Iowa don don't know. They didn't, they didn't gimme no concept. Oh, Hold on, I'm gonna refresh. I'm gonna refresh. If that where Iowa, that we, we'd be deafening sound right now. Maybe. Really? Maybe we left Somebody just text and they just said Iowa. That's All they said. I'm tell y'all right now, I regret. I see one minute ago, Kamala Harris will, oh nevermind. That's, I texted back and said what happened? But they ain't text me back yet. I don't have it called yet. Nate Cole said that Trump is a narrow but clear favorite to win Georgia and North Carolina. If he does carry those states, Harris would need to sweep Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin to win a real possibility with a tall order. Nonetheless, It is a tall order, but I think she'll, she'll hold the blue wall.


They called it some states. This is frustrating. Where at y'all? So behind behind us, they're like literal. Did I tell you she wanted New York? That's called Okay. That's what I was about. That's what I saw a minute ago. But I didn't know if Yeah, that's called Rhode Island. Did I say Rhode Island? I can't. So the new elector, let, let me, let me use my little handed Dan checklist. I get Vice President Harris now has 99 electoral votes. Okay. Donald Trump, Donald 178. Oh. So mine still senator's About a hundred short of Of Victor. And the polls still haven't closed on the west coast, correct? No, not at all. No, Not as yet. But none of the battlegrounds have come in yet. Right, right. None of the battlegrounds that matter for Kamala Harris have come in Yet. Well, it looks like Illinois, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin of course is still out.


Let Me ask you guys a question for the younger people that are are watching right now, I wonder why, why would they wanna jump into politics? Right? Because you look at politics and you see that they go into your life, they attack your family, they attack your values, they attack your morals. They make up stuff. Why would somebody young, why would you tell them it's a good reason to get into politics? I, I think I'm stealing from my brother Andrew here. But I think one thing that white supremacy has done, Andrew, again, these are Andrew's words that I'm stealing, but they have captured our imagination. They have taken our ability away to imagine what democracy would look like if we are its architect. And so the same thing that we tell people about voting.


You, you try to give people, if, if you stop 10 young people and say, okay, you're in charge of the, this five block radius. Right? You in charge of when the trash gets picked up, you in charge of where they go to school. You in charge of how the school looks, you in charge of, of, of how much taxes people are gonna pay and to keep all this functioning. You get to run all of that. Right? That's why you go into politics because you get to shape what society looks like when it includes you. And so if you give it to people that way where it's a blank wall and you can be the architect of democracy, how do you wanna shape it? That's an incredible amount of power and an incredible amount of privilege. The question is, do you wanna rule or do you wanna lead?


Gotcha. If you wanna lead, this is a perfect time to get into politics. And I would encourage young people to do. And you don't have to be the candidate. You can be a campaign manager, you can be a fundraiser, you can be, you can work on a campaign. If any of these numbers, a communications director, there's so much that, that that can impact political campaigns. What would you say, Andrew? 'cause you actually were a candidate and what made you No, I mean Andrew's been elected since you were what, 18? Yeah. I mean, well the last time I lost an election was third grade And I. From that point all the way through till I was 40 You know, 41 years old. I held elective office. And for me, I almost think it's an instinct that when you see something that's wrong that you don't like and it frustrates you so much to see it wrong every day in and every day out, the people who are different are likely to figure out a path to how it is that they shift that thing that brings them annoyance every day.


And if that annoyance is greater than an annoyance means your livelihood, meaning you're sick of watching your mother struggle to pay rent or mortgage or your father You know who suffers some from alcoholism because of his frustration on the job that he can never move up. Then the urgency around how you shift the system becomes that much greater for you. So for me it almost felt like a reflexive instinct that if this shit ain't right, then you do something to make it right. But How does it make you feel when you You know you started so early, you did what you were supposed to do, you followed the rules. And then you see somebody like Donald Trump Yeah. Who really wasn't a politician, came from nowhere, show signs of, of racism to me and, and and, and all the different things grabbing him by the puss and all the things that he said.


And it seems like people just say, yeah, it is what it is. And they elected him as president. I mean, and now he's going against Kamala Harris. That, that just seems, I think fellows bedfellows, You know get to bed very strangely sometimes. And in his case it's so much easier to unite a people around a fight against extinction. Like if you feel viscerally that everything You know love about a place and that you want your child to grow up in and also experience about a place, yes you are gonna fight heaven and earth to keep that thing for them because you think it means their future, their future prosperity. If I had a guarantee that if I voted this way my children's life would be better, they would experience it better.


And you'd have a guarantee that that was the case I'd, I'd be blindly Republican too if that was the party offering that. Right. But that, let me ask you Angela and Tiffany, how do you deal with the fake news so much? Because people You know this is one thing that Charlemagne and Lauren will say. People call the radio and they don't know what's true or what's not. That's right. You know. We say look it up. But when they Google half the time there are sources That after they Google It depends on what you're looking for. So They don't know how to find what's property here. A candidate and the candidate's lying. Yeah. Say they don't know who they should agree. So what do you tell those people? Because they are trying to do their homework. They are trying to do their research. But a lot of the research is, is bs Well I You know I people will disagree with me. 'cause they say you can never blame voters. And I'm probably a, a unique voice in which I will sometimes blame voters.


It is a responsibility to participate in democracy. So people who say, well I don't know how vice President Harris feels, or I don't know where she stands on something, her plan is accessible. You can literally go to her website and see where she stands. You can go to Donald Trump's website and see where he stands. And you can make an informed decision about which candidate speaks to you. Now when you pull out larger and just look at the media landscape, You know I've been navigating newsrooms for 24 years of my life. Yes. It has been incredibly frustrating. Envy. I will tell you my heart is breaking watch to watch journalism die. A slow death. And the challenge is because there are so many people in newsrooms who don't look like us, who are willing to extend humanity and understanding the people who are You know, spitting in our face and trying to convince us it's rain.


There are people who say, well my grandmother voted for Donald Trump and she's not. So she's not so bad. And those people are producers. And so they're willing to extend humanity to people when they, it's lazy reporting. Lazy journalism. When you interview people and they say just today they say they were exit polls. Well you're, who did you vote for? Donald Trump. Why? I like his policies. So I'm like screaming. Ask why. Ask what policies. This reporter said, well what policies? And the woman just said, I mean all of them you You know. I said, no clue. Right. I think you were voting for him for a specific reason. I think we underestimate how You know people will forget what you did. They'll forget what you said, but they'll never forget how you made them feel. And I was watching this Asian guy on CNN and he was saying that You know he, he feels like his his small business did better four years ago when Trump was in office.


I think a lot of that has to do with PPP. I think a lot of that has to do with those stimulus checks. And I think that's what people are. That's that's, people still remember that energy. Yeah. Well there's there's one person standing in the wings right here that makes us feel a certain way. Aaron Haynes is a, is a good friend of ours. A brilliant political strategy or a journalist reporter. Journalist and Political commentator. Aaron, we're gonna scoot down Tiff and let her come sit right here. 'cause she ain't got no headphones. That's not Oh, go down. Gonna scoot on down. Angela, did you Talk about New Hampshire already? No, I did not talk about New Hampshire. You breaking news. The Fox News decision desk is project projecting a win for her in New Hampshire. How many electoral votes is that? It doesn't, don Don't peace. Aaron New Hampshire is not a lot of electoral votes.


But why New Hampshire is significant is because it's not the primary. It's, yeah. Yeah. So that's why we pay so much attention to New Hampshire. Eric, ask you a question. If you didn't hear that New Hampshire was projected for Vice President Trump, how should we feel about this? The electoral map? If you wanna tell them what you're looking at. Oh, The electoral map. Trump 78. What did you have? What source are you looking at? This is Google. Okay. Who is that? Where Did they pull it from, brother? Oh, This is Google. Well Associated press the ap. Okay. ap thank you. Yes. Would You know She knows A little bit about the AP Trump Up the P 99. Look, I mean, I think what it means is it is what, 10 o'clock. Okay. 9 43 You know. So I mean it's, it's it's it's it's 9 43 on Tuesday is You know 61 degrees.


I know that's right. Keep counting the votes. 'cause this thing is not over. I mean, I'm from Georgia. I know Fulton County has not come in. Atlanta has not come in. So like we can't even really look at those numbers coming outta Georgia as as as real. Right now Philadelphia is another big city. I just You know live there. Know that that is another county that comes in super late. Detroit is another place that's gonna come in super late. So you've got a lot of big cities where we know there are a lot of votes that still haven't been counted yet. And so You know this thing is far, far from over. That's that's what I know looking at this map and also looking at The clock. Does Trump try to call it tonight? Yes, he absolutely. He's gonna try to call it whether did we get to the other side and Kamala got 286 electoral votes, he's still gonna try to call it tonight.


Yeah. I think we know that. Like this is a part of their plan. And then if she ends up picking up additional votes going towards Saturday or even on Sunday, he will say that they tried to steal it. And that's the same thing that happened. It's the exact same playbook from January 6th, 2021. We know what it is. We know what we're up against. I think right now, I'll be honest and say my nerves are bad. I didn't want the gap to be this big. There some outlets are, are projecting that he won Texas and it's with 50% of the vote in And. I was hoping that it would be a little closer, especially because we haven't talked much about all the Senate races. But Colin Allred is also running against Ted Cruz in Texas. And I have a sneaking suspicion that if the margin is that big in Texas with Donald Trump, that Colin Allred's got a little bit, I'm gonna hold out hope for Colin Allred.


He's a, a former NFL player, member of Congress who's trying to move to the upper chamber. I'm gonna hold remember the C Congress Black Caucus. I'm gonna hold out hope that he could still, 'cause we have seen those, those split ballots. And I'll say Texas is another state that they keep promising. Texas is gonna be purple. It's gonna swing purple. We have yet to see that every cycle we think is gonna go purple. And we haven't seen it. So I'm actually not as surprised. Yeah. That Texas may go for Donald Trump again tonight. Absolutely. I think, I think some people You know wonder about that and, and, and the possibility of that happening just because Texas literally has You know the largest You know black population in the country. And yet You know that does not necessarily translate in into the numbers demographic.


Demography does not equal destiny. Right. Right. That that's a thing that we, that we know and that we have seen. And, and so You know Texas, while I think certainly Democrats have made inroads better, O'Rourke came very close right when he challenged Ted Cruz. And so now you have You know Colin Alred certainly within striking distance, but we don't know what's gonna happen with that race yet. It also punctuates though Aaron, the Latino community as well, because so often you hear the Latino vote. Right. And when you disaggregate these communities, yes. There are more than 20 countries of origin. There are different perspectives. It's like if you put all the black people in The, World, black folks from Kenya, black folks from America, black folks from West Africa. Yeah. They're not a mono monolith either. Right. Even here in America, You know a black person who grew up in LA versus somebody who grew up in Georgia.


It's very different. And so in, in Texas, even with like within the Mexican population, there are some very conservative Mexicans. Yeah. I mean, people's views on immigration Right. Are not to be assumed. Right. Right. Yeah. You know and And I wanna say, speaking of immigration, Ohio was just called for Donald Trump as well. 17 electoral votes. That's not super surprising because Yeah, JD Vance of course comes from Ohio. But I bring that up because some of the nastiest rhetoric we've heard about immigrants so far. Yeah. Hell, I would say in a decade was what, what they've said about folks in Springfield, what they alleged about folks in Springfield. So I just wanted to punctuate this moment with hate can still win in some of these, in some of these states.


But Aaron, what, what, what are you projecting overall will hate win or will love? I mean, I think that that is Will We turn the page? I I, I mean, I don't know Right? I mean I do, I I am not gonna sit up here and Nate Silver this thing. I'm not gonna do it. What's your gut say? My gut says that it's gonna be close and that we, we likely will not have a result tonight. Yeah. But that does not mean that there was cheating. That does not mean that anything has been stolen. It means that the votes are being counted. It means that millions and millions of Americans participated in this election. And we need to see, we need to let democracy play out like that is what I can say for sure.


I have A question for you Aaron. Down here. Hi, I'm Lauren. That's Lauren. So with everything that happened there that we saw in that state and all the rhetoric and all that that was being skewed and the fact that You know it's going with going to Trump, what could Kamala have done like in the lead up to this point that could have changed that? Like is there any, like I thought she, they're echoing everything that was said, right? Like she's on these platforms, she's talking about it and it's still, they still lean toward Trump. Like what do you, how would you have advised Her differently than, Well, I mean I'm I'm definitely not in the campaign advising business. What I will be just from your perspective of No, but what I will say, what I will say is You know it, it really was not about what the vice president could or could not have done in Ohio.


Right. I mean, we are talking about the former president being somebody who has been in our national politics for the better part of a decade. Right? That's right. That's right. He is baked in with his voters. His base is locked in. There really is not much that he could do or say for the people who support him that would turn them away. Even You know hateful, a hateful racist hoax You know about Haitian. Im legal hait Haitian immigrants is not gonna turn them away. And so that was not a deal breaker for his voters. We know that he won Ohio in the past. The issue of abortion was also an issue that was on the ballot in Ohio. Literally had been on the ballot. They recently had You know the abortion ban that was put in place there. The s there was also a question about whether that was gonna mobilize women in, in that state.


So I'd be very curious to see what the gender gap was in Ohio. But, but yeah, I mean, for his voters, something like that, that racist hoax that came up, that that was not something that was gonna turn them away. And, and, and that was, and and that, and, and they were not really voters that, that the vice president was really gonna be able to persuade and certainly was not going to be able to persuade them by saying that his hateful rhetoric was something that they shouldn't support. I mean, he said many hateful, sexist, racist things over the years that have not been a deal breaker for those voters. Has anybody else nervous looking at these numbers? 'cause I'm getting nervous. I'm I'm just telling you. Yeah. And it's too much red For me. And I wanna do a But that's how the map fills in.


I know, I know. But it's, it's just, I'm just nervous now I Wanna do something. God is the best author and finisher. Right. There you go. I do something I think you have to their nerve Regardless of how it Goes. I see the Iota's SG Row. Yes. And I Think Yes. Or the Homecoming Court. No, no, it's not the homecoming court. It is some more D nine students who missed it on the first run. They gonna come and make us feel a little better. Okay. They're gonna make us feel a little better. How You think the Harris Walls team feeling right now? You know you In the war room right now. What? You thinking? Welcome. I, I am going to presume that they feel joyful because they're not far from us. They're just feet away from us somewhere here on Howard's campus. It's still early in the evening.


I don't think they had the expectation that we would know results tonight. She is in the Home Of, her alma mater. So I I I don't think that that they share in this nervous energy You know I don't have nervous energy envy. I understand why you do. I think that's You know part of, part of the evening. But I'm optimistic about tonight. And I. I think, I hope that they are as well. And look, I mean, they, they knew that this was gonna be a brawl, right? They knew that this was gonna be a close election. She had 107 days to put on a campaign and, and she has come with a striking distance Right. Of the White House. I mean, that certainly was not, certainly, was not what the former president expected. Right? He certainly is is wondering why, why he's even on the ballot with, with Kamala Harris.


But here they are Neck and neck. I mean, this thing could not be close. Are they Neck and neck though? That's all I saying. Well, how far it, it, it look exactly. Well, right now, as of right Now, right? And, and, and right Now Michigan is too close to call. Pennsylvania's too close to call. We always knew it was gonna be It Is. Got Tim more. It went up. Yeah. But, but That map is filling in. The way that, that map fill in It all, all of that is mostly southern states. You have the entire West coast that have, I mean, California, California's a huge, how many is it 40? How many is it? What You're saying is this looks about white no's Not they're looking at map of all. Oh, you're, it's 54. So they have the red and the blue. And they're getting nervous right now because they see a look. I'm explaining to them what They're looking At. It was always gonna come down to about seven states.


Yep. But You know what? We have more of seven people because what's happening y'all? Mr. Five, nine have joined us again. We're gonna give you all a mic to tell us who you are, where you're from, and how you're feeling. Just really quickly, we're gonna pass the mic down real fast. We gonna start down here. Andrew, you got a mic? Andrew is not listening or he can't hear me? Everybody's Gonna introduce Just real quick, just like we did a little roll call. We gonna, you guys are gonna pass that mic down and they'll pass this one really quick first name, where you from? Okay. Trayvon Lin. I'm from Plainfield, New Jersey. All right. Okay. Fallon Gale. I'm from Chicago, Illinois. I'm Xavier Sterling from Colorado Springs, Colorado. Okay. Hi, Morgan Durham. I'm a Graduating senior from Michigan.


Okay, I heard That. Destiny Bridge from North Carolina. Hello, I'm Iki Jabre and I'm from Omaha, Nebraska. I am Yasmin Edmondson, and I'm from Jersey By way of Brooklyn, Jersey. I am Mackenzie Campbell from PG County Maryland. Michael Thomas, and I'm from Detroit, Michigan. My name is Cole Walton And. I'm from Jo of Maryland. I'm Owen Garrick and I'm from Oakland, California. My name is Wesley Wilkins and I'm from Suffolk, Virginia. All right, amazing. We love it. Good job. Goodbye nine. We are happy to see you all tonight. We are grateful for you coming on with us.


Bill, get back to this show. I like your Madam Vice President Kamala Harris. All right, now. All right, well, while they stand here and watch Aaron, we thank you so much for coming on with us. Good. Listen, it is been fun hanging out. I mean, y'all are doing the work out here. And I know the work continues even beyond tonight because whoever is president on the other side of this, we, we have got to keep paying attention to how people govern and how the agenda that, that the folks that are listening to y'all, how how that agenda is, is fulfilled. But I know y'all are gonna keep holding them accountable. I don't even have to worry about that. So y'all are on the case. So that means that is a victory for democracy and And, I just salute all of y'all.


We Feel Do people hold accountable? Accountable until they start jailing journalists If Spiraling fast, you got, That's a legit concern though. It's not. He he already said it. I know. No, I know, but I tend to believe me. I can. I can't go there. We gotta figure this out. But he literally earlier than I was like, it's gonna be a blowout. I ain't say all that now. See you exaggerate. I ain't say all that. I told y'all my grandma prayed before we got here. We good. Look at me. Looking at you. Oh boy. Don't start. Oh boy. Grandma watching say it. Don't you start. Leave It though. No, but You know. There there is something to that. And just before you leave Aaron, you wrote a column talking about that very thing about if Donald Trump's fear and You know persecution, I would say could be a strategy.


Why can't joy? Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, joy, we know that that joy has been a radical strategy for black people, for black women in this country. And so the idea that that was front and center in this race should be no surprise to anyone You know and, and pushing through the fear and the concerns that so many black folks in this country had because this, this election is existential for us. Yeah. Right? So many black folk, people of color, women, LGBTQ plus people feeling like this You know everything is on the line for them depending on the outcome of this election. And yet for us to literally be here, You know at this rally and, and, and, and just hearing and seeing the joy, just even as the returns are coming in and we know that people are anxious, we know that people are fearful as they watch that map.


Just as you're doing over there, Charlemagne, like still being able to do that with joy. That is, that is that mean You know That is, that is definitely among the most American things that we've seen in our community. Do. So we on our then a little bit of joy on our, Oh, I'm just listen regardless of who wins, I think America does have to find a way to come together because You know, one thing I'm realizing is none of this matters. Right? The sexism don't matter. The racism don't matter. The anti-Semitism don't matter. The homophobia don't matter xenophobia. So what are we going to do as a community, as a society, knowing that all of this really does exist among us. Yeah. Right. And we can't be delusional about it anymore. But I But we've never been delusional. I don't think. I think that there was a time where I felt more hopeful.


I, it wasn't that I thought that it was completely erased. But I do think when Barack Obama won in 2008 and when he won again in 2012, I had more hope than I did when Donald Trump won in 2016. When, when Donald Trump won in 2016. I was like, who the, are these people that I have to work with, that I have to consult with, that I have like that I have to, I think it was more Shocking. don don't think anybody Ever thought I was son speaking of Trump. He Just won Jesus breaking M-S-N-B-C. Donald Trump wins Kansas. Yeah. I have Kansas. I didn't name it yet 'cause I was expected. But you're right. He did win Kansas. Yes. I will just say though No, no, no. I'm just, I'm just saying 'cause you're right. But I would, I was just like, eh, it's Kansas. My Twitter fee got me up to date. I love all of This.


Looks about white. It's okay right now. It looks about white. Yes. It still look like the confederates that wanted us to be represented with three-fifths. The point is, we, I don't, I don't know how I am going to feel tomorrow or on Saturday if this is, if this election is caught on for Trump. I just, I cannot even fathom it. I don't want to consider that again. How, How do y'all look at the, the black voters that said they're not voting for Kamala and they voted for Trump. How, how do you look at those family members? I am not, I don't have no family members like that. I mean it's this people Oh, Family Angela. Right? I Don't even know those people. Talk about all the Trump people. You're like, people in my family have said things like this.


Maybe you changed their mind. But I remember specifically Maybe I meant extended family too. My God brother did. But he, he voted For No, No, no, no, no. He was saying that he thought some of the stuff that Trump did was positive and then he saw how they were talking about me. I ain't mean personal family. I meant like you Meant the black man, Black family. You know, I gotta tell you, I have not met a lot of black Trump supporters. I just haven't, I've met people who said that they like STEMIs or they like PPP until their friend got arrested or You know, like I've met those folks. Or that they thought that he was right on immigration or Maybe that they weren't gonna vote or You know. Maybe they weren't voting for her, but then they weren't gonna vote for anybody. Yeah. Yeah. Don don't think they're large enough in number envy. I really, I think that was such a, a false media narrative that so many people globbed onto and e elevated and perpetuated.


And it's like, whoa, time out you guys. Like these are random soundbites that nobody's bothering to ask a follow up. Nobody's bothering to say, well, are you registered to vote? Did you vote in the last election? Are you registered to vote this cycle? I would be very curious to see the exit polls. We already know that the GOP has gotten 12% of the black male votes specifically last cycle. There is no evidence that that has grown in number or gotten smaller in number. So I'll, I'll wait to see that some of the exit polls. But isn't That normal though? Like eight to 50% of all black people Conservatives? And again, the question is what do white people do election? Because white people are the Americans that are voting for Trump, voting for Republicans in the majority.


The extent to which his support is eroded among white Americans. Not the extent to which he's attracting other people whose votes have had to mitigate. Right. People who, white people who are voting for Trump. Like that is the point. But You know Charlemagne, you, you also make a really good point about the country coming back together and, and, and our politics being about more than just who wins or loses. Right? But about our shared values and our shared sense of fate, which seems to kind of feel lost in all of this, right? Yeah. Like how do you, how, how do we really get back to, that's on the other side of this election, But it's difficult on the other side has been Soly Hugely difficult. Right? So divided and so many people who it seems You know just really don't care about their fellow Americans.


Right? Like how, how, how does that sense of community, how do you begin to foster that And? I. I believe that's what the pessimism comes into play now. Yeah. Because when you're looking at this map right now, you're like, damn. Yeah, We really are divided You know What's crazy though, when I, I went into vote today 'cause I was earlier, I was a little pessimistic. And I went into vote and the women who like were there that was helping out with everything, their energy, I was like, it just felt like, it felt so good. It made me feel like, okay, we got this and then things change or whatever. So the feeling You know changes a little bit. But I'm thinking like when people go into the voting polls and they get that feeling. Yeah. I hope that, that in real life, like you were saying, right? Like you don't run into like 1,001 people who support Trump every single day in your real life.


That's right. But the media makes you feel like that in real life. When I walked into that poll, I'm like, I hope everyone is getting this so they feel good and they feel energized and they You know what I mean? I lo I love what you're saying because we have, we have made voting sound like such a burden. No, we have made voting sound. You know PE people were scared to go to the polls. They were scared of what might happen when they got to the precinct. You know what happened when I went to my precinct. Every single poll worker that was there was a black woman. Me too. And I. Think I And it was like black, black women. Like they like You know they Mo Yeah. Had the hard, they had the hard candy. I didn't ask For anything. They clapped one when he came in. It was, it was good. It was a festive it was a positive experience. Yep.


Yeah. Yeah. Well I Did they just call ano another thing? Yeah, they are. Trump just got Tim more don don't know who we won. Know We, we gonna, we are gonna get there. And Aaron, we know you got all the All the, the headline. I gotta go some gotta get, Get his headphones back on Andrew Over there. Time out out Andrew, he, Andrew is focused. Yeah. I Was gonna ask her what he, what he got, what got, but I noticed, Yeah, I offered him mine. He is focused on the, he Can put the glasses on twice. Took 'em off three times. Yeah. Well You know, trying to see while Andrew gets his headphones on. I think that's because he's so used to watching these maps. You know from his own Campaign. Yeah. That's What he's going really he's studying have a unique understanding of what we're seeing tonight. Yeah. As you've been over there studying. Yeah. Andrew tell us, Tell us black John King what's happening No happen with the electoral colleges now.


So there are reports that are coming in right now around the early, I mean the nine, the 10:00 PM closing states. I haven't been able to assess all of all of those but I lemme just describe for a minute because some people may be confused by what they are seeing around some of the states have been called some of y'all and break Down a purple state too. 'cause you mentioned Tiffany. Yeah. Mentioned purple states. And some people will say, well what is a purple state? I know red, I know blue. Yeah. But, and break Layman's Terms. Well the purple states are the states that don't go predictably Democrat or predict a Republican any statewide race. So they flip back and and forth between democratic top of the ticket and Republican top of the ticket.


Yep. But other others may have heard this term the Red Mirage and it's less known than we know about the blue wave and that kind of thing. But the Red Mirage, which is connected to then the blue shift is the early part of the night. The results that come in tend to favor the Republican party because of the way in which, because of the order at which votes are counted. So the early counting of the votes show may show a Trump lead in certain places. And then the reason why they call the the Red Mirage is because a mirage doesn't really exist. It leads you to believe you're gonna get that red thing. But as the night goes on and the counting continues, a blue shift starts to happen.


And that state goes from looking red or You know. I think some of the networks that not are using a darker hue of red to suggest Yep. Leading Republican into a blue column. And it's not because there's any cheating that's been done white. It's that they've added more votes to the tally. And as they add more votes, largely those that were either mailed in or submitted as provisional ballots that get counted when when they get counted and qualified, they move into the total. And that total then moves what looked like when you went to bed, a state that was red and you wake up the next morning and that state happens to be blue is not 'cause anybody stole any votes, is because more votes were counted.


And then the calculation into the total of those votes have then moved that state to a, to a blue column. So don't be discouraged when you're looking at it. Say, oh, I just know we do better. Wait. That's why we've warned people don't assume that the election is over the day that we vote. Right. Give it time for all the votes to be counted and it looks different. Well I'm gonna tell you something. And speaking of movement, they Need a logo three right now. Let's scoot down. Don't take your headphones out, scoot down. Because You ever been in an arena? You haven't been in an arena when the team is getting blown out. That's how I feel right now. But that's because it's all like think if you look at the actual map, right? The red, red states are actually mostly or southern in the south.


Those polling locations have closed. You're seeing projections even when there's 0.0 of the votes counted. So this is usual. This is absolutely usual. Remember we haven't seen California yet. We haven't. But it is Not just California, Nevada. I think we'll get Nevada. Yeah. But while we're moving down, we are bringing on our good friend and Brother Rock and his Howard sweatshirt. This is What did 2020 look like this Time? Like qu James? I'm it very similar. I can't finish. Very similar. This is Quentin James collect the fact, also vote to lip. Dear partner of ours and Native lamp pod and and And I know he is happy to be in joint collab conversation with The Breakfast Club. You.


This is not on Friends. Quentin's. Mic on. Can we put Quentin's mic on? There we go. Quentin. Yes. We need some hope. 'cause people spiral in real time. Some people spiral. No, we're good, we're good. I didn't say y'all talk to Quent. I was talking, I'm talking about we good. Spider something. Please tell Bernard look at his knee cap up and everything. It's early, right? So we know a lot of votes are still gonna be counted tonight from election day. We saw an over performance today from our folks showing up to vote. Kind of procrastinated, but they did show up. So I think we're gonna see these numbers kind of shift throughout the night. And as we told everybody, you gotta be patient, right? It's gonna take a while to count all these votes. We want every vote counted. We know that people still in line voting right now in states like Arizona, Nevada. So let's be patient.


Count every vote, And, I, think we're gonna be all right. So clearly You know the predicted of a dramatic win by either party. There's no state that has fallen one way so far. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That suggests as dramatic win by anybody right now. Everything looks on par. Yeah, Everything is pretty much on par. I think people have higher You know, had higher hopes for Georgia. don don't know where the most populated centers are with their total tally. So around Atlanta and in the county surrounding Atlanta, what percentage of that vote is already in? If we're talking about 40, 30%, maybe even 40, 50% of the vote know that you have half the state's population of the entire state of Georgia is roughly populated in this area and just around it.


And so we need to let those votes get in and be counted again. Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, Pennsylvania. Yeah, Pennsylvania. I just want on this point, one of the things that Tiff brought up earlier too, And I think it's so important, important to contextualize the vote and our folks pushing forward anyway, being resilient. Anyway, the philadelphia city com, a Philadelphia city commissioner just said that several polling places were targeted by bomb threats. We knew about that in Georgia today. We heard that it was You know, most likely from a Russian actor. These bomb threats in Philadelphia going right to the heart of where black folks are and where elections can be decided.


How have you seen that have intimidation work against our folks or not at all? I mean, listen, it's the age old trick. We knew. Yeah, this was a, a possibility. It's very disheartening to see it happen in real life. I think in 2024. In 2024, we, we gotta remember, right? This is again the same tactics used against our people throughout the sixties. This kind of terrorism. The thing that's interesting is there weren't bomb threats in Wyoming or Nebraska. That's right. They've been in Georgia, been in Philadelphia, been in places where we know black voters are gonna show up and vote. And so I think that also is a little bit of a tell to me that people are afraid of our folks coming out to vote.


That's right. So they, they're gonna resort to those tactics. But again, I gotta give it up to black voters. Before today, over 50% of the black women who were registered to vote in North Carolina in Georgia, they'd already voted. Right? And so I think we're gonna see a record breaking turnout from black women tonight. And we gotta recognize that and give it up to black voters. And in spite of all these threats that we're seeing, I do have to ask You know, we, we talk about Kamala Harris so much and she didn't have the time. Of course Trump had. Is there anything that she should have done that she didn't get a chance to, or that you wish you would've seen her do Anything At all? Yeah, I mean, look, in campaigns you have three resources, right? Time, money in people.


She didn't have a lot of time. None. Right? So you had a lot of money, had a lot of people. But the time issue, I think is the only thing I would look at as something at her disadvantage, right? We kind of heard reports today of You know concerns around black voter turnout in Philadelphia, for instance. She didn't have the time to really dig in there. Again, a hundred day campaign has been phenomenal, but we've never seen anything like this in presidential history before. So that's the one piece. It's just the time issue. don don't think she could have spent, again, more money here or there, or have more people organize here or there. The Clock. Can I tell you guys one piece of this? She just got 10. She just got No, I Was, it's not even about, it's actually from what what Tiff would normally say is the dick of the country.


There is a Florida state attorney who was suspended by Ron DeSantis by the name of Monique Wel, who has won her seat back. So that is one piece of good news in black history in Florida to commend and to be a proud of. I'm the only one celebrating it. The shout. Woo. Thanks Lauren. High five. Si. Hi Girl. Well, I, I wanna say that in me though, because the, the way that you're posing the question is sounds. You and nar are both like You know you, you, you sound like you're not as hopeful. And, I. Just wanna just encourage You. Look guys, I know they're both looking. My cousin texted me, said, what? Y'all cold? Why they sit like that? That girl, it's so high over here. Well, Because y'all DJ Playing the music.


That was the energy that was here for 30, 40 minutes ago. That's not here no more. No, I still feel that energy. I turn it back up. I think it has changed. Turn it back. We Spiritually music though. Yes. But that it's quiet because they're looking at the, they're watching the projection. Right? And, I just wanna encourage you by Stop looking at the Projection. Stop looking at, Okay, me feel what? They gave food real quiet. He Make me feel bad. Feel good. So we, if we wonder why when we wake up and the Republicans who are right now rejoicing are then sad tomorrow, you can understand that if you're in this mood. 'cause you're expecting these things to look a certain way, they go to bed with it, assured that it looks a certain way.


And then as the votes get counted, they wake up tomorrow and they say the Democrats stole It. I think the how did they, How did they win a Race? I think the only reason why, like their reaction is probably how some people are feeling. Because I agree the way that Kamala came in and just like agree, bullied, like she bullied it like for like so fast, right? The first two weeks, first day, first two days. I think people expected to see that instant like gratification. And, I. Right now it is. Or They are Ernie. This is, yeah, right. Hey, learning. They blew scream back here. Like they're locked in. This Is, this is exactly how the process is Supposed to work. Let Ask Let me ask you what I would like to, Colorado was called for Kamala expected, but just noting I think I, Iowa, did Iowa get called?


I is not called on my screen right now. Donald Trump is up 51 to 46. I really would like to know where by Trump this time in 2020. That's what I would like. You Could look it up. Well show. We didn't know a lot at this time in 2020. Okay. We, we took a whole week practically. Yeah. Saturday For us to get to the point where we thought we'd know the president. I remember we did coverage that night. We did. And we went, went to bed believing the Democrat was going to lose. Yeah. We were, we was real. We woke up the next morning, few days set after also crashed a whole set. We thought we went to bed and that we had lost crash. So it looked like this country. Yes, it looked like This. I I I don't have the whole country, but I do know at this point in 2020, Donald Trump was doing better than he was.


We thought we lost right now in Georgia. Right. So he's underperforming his 2020 numbers in Georgia at this point. Gotcha. Compared to 2020. So we Just need some music and some weed. We Up. And also too, y'all said Fa County isn't in right? Not yet. FA County, you said who? No, no. We still, We didn't even get To the ones that be ordering the hookah. We, we are, we are be all y'all. I do gotta ask a question too. You know when you look at some of these elections in these other countries, right? Yeah. It's not as long. It's, it's a lot less than, than what we do here. And I feel like, do you think there should be a cap on the amount of money raised when it comes to Yes. I mean, because I mean they're raising over a billion dollars each and they're absolutely, they're spending money on, on all types of frivolous stuff.


Do you think that we should have a cap on the amount of money that we raise and the amount of time and why? Yes. Well a lot of countries do that. France for example, Canada. That Canada, yes. Canada. And well, you have a limited time of even campaigning, to your point, the money in politics, which You know Quentin obviously runs the collective pac, which is a part of, of raising money. But the donor classes we talked about on this show frequently is largely white and male. And you can really influence how campaigns and candidates feel and how they move and things that they say. I think if there's a limit or even if they're publicly funded, you would get down to the meat of policy and what actually matters. Not all of this kabuki theater, not all of this glitter.


A lot of money goes on media buys, which You know. Oh You know. Yes, you, but you say frivolous, but don don't know how frivolous that is because that is how a lot of Americans consume information. That's how they get news. Unfortunately, it's not a lot of readers, but we have a lot of watchers. I also think if you are looking at the public funding of some of these campaigns, the process looks different, right? Like we've talked about this on Native Land Pod about having audiences in debates, but you get so much applause that you're You know missing what the candidates are putting forth to the audience in a very serious way. So yes, definitely I'm for limiting the amount of time for campaigns and also limiting the money that goes into, I also think it exhaust voters.


I think it exhausts voters that yes, fatigue this out in and out exhausts us. And if we had a season that we can look forward to where we know it's gonna start and there's an end to that season. I agree. I wanna, I'm exhausted right Now. Well, don't be too exhausted yet. You got a couple more hours of coverage. Good, sir, I wanna come back to you really quick, Quentin. One with some bad news and one with some good news. The bad news is that even though we'd hoped for a miracle and a Hail Mary in Texas, with 77% of the precincts reporting, Colin Rad is lost to Ted Cruz, the incumbent who is really just not worth the damn ladies and gentlemen. However, in Maryland, Angela also Brooks has become the second black woman.


Senator, thank you. Join Lisa Flint, Rochester and you gotta feel good about that Clinton talk, Quin. There we go folks. Well let, let have this moment, right. Sorry. No, No. I mean look, it's, it's historic to put again two black women in the US Senate in one election. Yes. We, we, we know the opportunity that her being there is gonna provide to so many families throughout Maryland, but also to so many black candidates around the country. Right. Seeing it as a possibility that I can run statewide and be victorious is incredible. And so again, they're calling out, we're leading in Arizona. Yeah, we're leading in Arizona.


Again, let's be patient tonight. But again, let's applaud Angela also Brooks to the amazing campaign as she ran. Absolutely. Being incredibly outspent. To your point, You know when it comes to black candidates, we have a a tough time raising money. But That's why you started Collective Pack. And that's why I want you to talk about, because Tiff, to your point and and envy to your point, is there too much money in politics? Yes. But while it stays, they come up with a really tremendous solution and you guys funded people from the top of the ticket all the way down ballot. Exactly. Talk about that Work. Yeah, exactly. So we launched a collective pack in 2016 to really build black political power by raising money. We know money and politics is so important and so if you're not funding our candidates, then we can't expect them to go out there and compete dollar for dollar against everybody else.


So we had a over a hundred candidates on a ballot today. Hopefully most of them will be victorious. But again, this money and politics thing is a real issue. And as a people, we gotta organize our money and our politics so that our folks don't get bought and sold by other communities. That's a really big issue for us moving forward. That's right. Well we are so grateful that you joined us tonight, James give Grace, Applause and Welcome to Howard Welcome to Howard. Good for having us. We appreciate it. You know you might have a little bit of beat down there with envy You know. That's all Love. That's all love. Okay, good. Today. No, no. Game together Love. That's right. I love it. Thanks Q. Thank y'all. Let see you and and Andrew is down here being our black John King. So we won't let him have his mohin pin on.


I will say too, I'm tired. I don't believe you it now, after the first night, I'm tired after the first You tired the first night. Trump did call it in 2020. So clearly something must have been happening like this to where he felt confident and felt like yeah they thought they were gonna win We to get rid of the electoral college. But I Will keep telling me that Andrew, I need you to keep telling me that. Yeah, I mean it's true. But here's the thing you guys, I do think it's important to note because normally we do talk about the distinction between what's happening with the electoral college versus the popular vote right now because of the number of southern states that have been called Donald Trump is ahead, he's 42 million plus votes to Kamala Harris', 37 point plus million votes.


So there is a, there is a disparity there as well. I do think that gap will significantly close as as those west coast states coming start coming in. Right. And more of the Midwest start coming in. They said that Pennsylvania's two two. Yeah, I'm looking for Pennsylvania too close To call Michigan. There's only about 51% of the vote in Pennsylvania report. And Michigan's too close to, That's Close to where to leaning in right now because I saw something. It's Slightly Trump. Okay. 'cause I saw that And I didn't wanna say it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, It's that And I was like, I don't wanna be the one to say It. It's slightly Trump, but it should be at this stage of the game. It's the larger, more populous cities that get added into the vote alleys Later. Like have Philly been counted, Not completely. Centers are take a little longer 'cause they're so large. And then from that they'll open up early ballots, which they were not able to begin counting until tonight when the polls close.


Oh really? And other states depends on state, my state, they open them and they start to roll them in. So those early numbers, that's how you're gonna have a whole state like Florida, the third largest in the country produce its winners and losers in the first hour, hour and a half after the polls closed. So for Pennsylvania, anybody that voted early, they're not allowed to open Those ballot eight o'clock until post closed. Wow. Correct. Okay. So as those get calculated and added in, you see shifts in the outcome of that state. Right. This is West Wing report says presidential race thus far shows no surprises on the map. Put it in your mouth for Harris, Pennsylvania Looks better. Razor thin leads in Michigan, Wisconsin, Georgia is concerning for her. Virginia not a swing state. Shaky than expected. Iowa more competitive, competitive than expected.


You'll recall the sales report. I'm seeing everybody On line being line said that. Alright. No surprises. Were we looking out for Iowa? Yeah. Yeah. Iowa is now It's closer than it should. I'm seeing, so something I'm seeing on Twitter, and you guys can confirm this over there is Trump in Iowa, He will win Iowa. I didn't expect that. You think so? I saying that Yeah, And I also. Yeah. But the fact that she's competitive in Iowa says a lot at this stage. She should not be competitive in a state like Iowa. Iowa has been solidly Republican for the last three presidential races, took a dip into our land with Obama and then came right back out. And it's been reliably, it is not critical to her. It's not even counted by her team. Right. As being necessary for the electoral college.


Right. It's off 94% States. Oh yeah. iOS it's called right? For Republicans, Yes. For Trump. And it will be it expected. Well I Was hoping that it might Well it's, It's off. Iowa is 94% white. It's, It's also reliably Republican. So is Oregon. And she should win Oregon. But we were just hopeful 'cause You know they had some reports earlier. They said the, I can't think of the auth, the, the pollster's name who they said She the most reliable one In the state. Yeah. They said she always gets it right. She called it for, she said, well she actually didn't call it for Kamala. She said that it was very, very close and it was leaning towards her, but within the margin of error. So yes, we are now, Man, what is the hell is happening?


Well they, people are, They just went dead side. Let's start. Funny. They're watching CNN, right? So You said they counting votes, no Votes and they Waiting The votes. They're watching the, they're the Turn the mute on You know what you think? Just Rude. Well, Florida people who are are wanting us Right? Right now I do wanna set the scene for them. Yeah. So there is still a sea of people who are very joyful. So we hear waves of applause and cheers as they have CNN projected on the screen. And so as John King is projecting states or showing where Vice President Harris might be leading, that's when you hear cheers. So as we get that breaking news, we will be sure to share it with you guys at home.


But it is still a very joyful time here. Tiffany, Point out the joy for me Because Charlemagne Is watching. I'm glad you're See this. This is a I Wait, he turned turned way around. Look, compare coming. What a joy. Hey Charlemagne envy these, these folks are as novice to the process as any of us. Many of them are students. That's true. That's true. They're, you got these returns. That's true. They feel a certain way about what they want it to look like and it doesn't reflect what they feel like it should look like. Correct. Yeah. But I have hard, if we were broadcasting to them, I'd say the same thing, which were hold your horses, calm down, wait and be patient. Gotcha.


Because when these votes are counted, you'll see a better reflection of what you thought the earlier part of the night should have looked like. Yeah. But it didn't. But Can we Take a snapshot of this though? Yes. Because there is And I know you guys can't, can't see thousands. Hopefully they're doing audience shots there. But there is a sea of black people Yeah. Waving the American flag. Yep. On this historically black university. And just the dichotomy of that, right? Yes. That what that flag represents and has represented for us on this campus of, of black people. When America does still stand poised to elect the the first black woman to lead the country. I just think this is a moment in history and y'all are down there feeling away.


No, we We're Down there Joyful. We Went to the crowd and there's, there's tears. So there's press over here. Yeah. There's alumni, there's students. Me and Lauren actually stuck into the alumni and student section. Was there We Did Sneak. Yes, we did. I had called us Horse and He, They kicked us out at first. So just to let You know, they kicked us out. At first we had to go back. But then there's alumni on the side and then there's just DMV residents and they're super duper excited. But like you said, right now they're watching CNN, they're waiting for these, these numbers to be announced. She just got some more See that? You didn't announce that one. Yeah. What are you doing? Bernard Got, she got two. She got It's 1 98. One 12. Y'all. 1, 9, 8, 1 12. Yeah. Okay. I gotta figure. But remember there's a lot of states that still have to come in, so that number will flip drastically. Absolutely. I Probably even tripping none of the battlegrounds are really in.


Yeah, we You know. We still got North Carolina, Pennsylvania. He still wanna see what Georgia Does. Well let, let's talk about something in North Carolina. It might make y'all happy. They had a a a, a gubernatorial candidate. It was a brother named Mark Robinson. And yeah, he lost. He did. He did in fact lose. No surprise. No Surprise So far. Our viewers, you may recall, Mark Robinson was the lieutenant governor running for the governor. And he was the Black showing his ass and looking For some as literally, literally that's The one that had transgenders on his laptop or something? No. Oh, was it, is that, is that what he had? He he said that he found, he, it doesn't, it's like Africa porn or something.


Yes, Africa porn. But, but he's the name. You guys look up Angela noting about I'm I'm looking it up. I'm gonna it up. What we talking about? No, she's not Africa name. I need one more word. Other than Africa Porn Park Robinson. How does that fare for her in North Carolina since the governor won the Democratic governor? Well, it it, it should help her. Okay. Yeah. But it gives you an indication of how voters are voting there. Yeah. So if they declared his loss, but again, he has become an embarrassment to the Republican party.


So this is where you might see some of those split ballots. But that is, you wouldn't Be embarrassing if he was white. I I think that was a, some of the things that he was saying and doing were, I think universally You think so for Yeah. Yeah. Deplorable. But I'll, I'll say this Charlamagne. 'cause you, you brought up something And I. Think this speaks to it. And you talked about how do we come together after the country no matter who wins And I have to say, and this You know may be controversial to some people, but I actually have no interest in, in coming together. I, I, I I really don't. I I don't, I have no interest f the other side. Wait, I, I don't, I have no interest in meeting a bigot in the middle. I'm not trying to understand. I know very well their perspective. And if our disagreement as the, as the saying goes, it's rooted in you denying my humanity.


I'm not trying to convince you of such things. I say yes, stay over there And I, respect the honesty. I would rather you look me in my face and tell me how you feel than a smile on my face and feel a, a feel the way that I know you feel. So I think that is something that we have to have a serious conversation in this country about. 'cause we're not at a place where everybody's like, okay guys, you guys won this time, we're all gonna go back to our corners. Even Stevens No, I think we are the, the Civil War did not begin with the first firing You know of, of a pistol. It began long before that there was this court, And, I think we're seeing something like that happen in this country. And then when you broaden that out, envy, and this is key. When the United States is at war with itself on the global stage, we look incredibly weak.


And so we've already seen threats to our country this cycle. And so I'd imagine Russia might have company this go round in Iran, in China, all empires fall. America has been a superpower for the long time because of us, because of our bodies. We created this superpower. We are primed right now to be taken out. So this election not only has consequence for policy here domestically, it has consequences for our global standing. And that's a very serious thing. I agree with you. If if, if I was a political strategist and call me naive, I wouldn't want to just chalk up what we're seeing with the, the Trump thing to just bigotry, to just racism, to just sexism.


I really would want, I really wanna see what he's doing that is moving people and, and has been moving people for the past decade. And you don't Think that's racism and sexism? And I. I think it's, I think it's gotta be a little bit more, more than that. Or it might be what, what are Democrats not doing? You know. Yeah. That's what I would want to know. I I I don. I can't just say, Hey, everybody's racist or everybody's a bigot. I I think that that is very true. I think we've heard from our own friends, if we're super honest, even in our own conversations Absolutely right. About where there's shortcomings or where we don't feel represented inside of a big tent. You know. Yeah. It it like even when you talk about the way that consultants are used or you talk about the way that candidates have to fight to be seen, even in Andrew's experience, Andrew wasn't just, just, they didn't decide that Andrew was the darling of the Democratic party.


Right. He fought hard a f to be at the top of the ticket. To be the, the, to get out of the primary and to be the democratic parties nominee for governor of Florida. That wasn't easy. Yeah. You fought to the last day and the media had really called it, they called it Bernie as an opponent. I forget what her name when Graham Yeah. But so about, let's recognize that half the country isn't voting. That half the people in the country who are qualified to vote don't vote. Right. They, they just don't exercise it. So your point around, I wanna be with you. 'cause I I wanted badly to be there in 2016 when I thought my neighbors and everybody who I trusted that was white betrayed me and, and don't give a damn about who I am and so on and so forth.


But the lived experience is much more nuanced than that. Yeah. We all, we walk this earth very differently between You know between people. So I can't say and resolve that an election is decided just that way. I think Trump reaches that something. Well that's not even that clever. If you are a person and you don't have a perfect life and therefore you have grievances Yeah. Trump has taught you how to complain and like make no apologies about it. He, and to find, Be people to blame, even if it's not True, he complains and then points you to the people who are responsible for your pain. Right. And they're the, the people who are brown and they're black and they're women and they're everybody that's not like you.


And so if we were able to run a race trying to build community off of people who got complaints about how fucked up shit is, we went too. I mean we You know we'd lead, we'd connect with people by making that the case that groceries are too high. This is happening, this is happening. Jobs are being shipped here. And that group is responsible for why you're not living your best life. That's not rocket science politics, it's the politics of grievance. They win campaigns and sometimes that kind of politics loses Campaign. Well to that point, Andrew, I agree with you, but black people do have grievances. I agree. And we do have a community that we point to, which is usually white supremacy. But we don't have elected officials that are willing to do that.


We don't have elected officials that are willing to challenge that System of white supremacy I don. Largely Because I Don Dunno, don Don't think that's true. They don't speak directly to a lot of stuff. And I'm not, like, I remember when we did that, the interview that you sat in, who was the guy from with the congressman? Yeah, the Congress from Florida? No, By McDonald's. We, That was it. We had to push our elected officials. You even say that A America racist Country. But that's what, that's he's a Republican conservative. If you're talking about Byron Donald. No, no, no, no, no. I'm talking about Westmore. Oh, Oh, And. I love him to death. Governor. I just felt like in all of his speaking, it was very much like high level hope, love, and, and it wasn't. There was certain things that like he wouldn't even directly say.


And I'm like, why? I Actually agree with that. But they have to win Elections. I Yeah. And and they're that's But the Republicans do. They they, they can, They run in different areas and they don't, they're not up against the same things. We have to, when we're, when we're black in a progressive party or in a democratic party, we have a double big tent to win over. We have to prove to white folks that we're worthy of election. Right. And we have to prove to black folks that we're down for the cause and we have to prove to everybody else that we still see their grievances. White folks can come on and say, trust me, little brown person, little black person. I got you. And, I could probably solve your problems better than you. And if you don't trust me on this, that's fine. 'cause there's a whole bunch of white folks that'll elect me to, to supersede whatever minority you are of the vote.


What I would say is that what I, what I took issue with is there are mayors in mostly black Yep. Cities, there are members of the congressional black caucus, some that are in majority minority districts, which means that it's mostly black or mostly black and brown or whatever. Right. But there are also a lot of them who are in white, white folks districts too, who see issues similar to us who might have that Black Lives Matter sign in, in their yard. I've never been. And those folks and those folks will absolutely stand with us and say the hard thing. Barbara Lee who is retiring now and will be replaced tonight by Latifa Simmons in Oakland, California is one of those folks. She was the only person that was willing to stand up against the Iraq war.


Right. Right. So we Have those members, but they are few and far between. Especially if they have leadership ambition Represents. But Your point is, your point is well taken. Right? Yeah. Like the bigger, I think a lot people like, I mean even the town, the town hall and You know when, I thought it was great when Charlotte was asking Kamala about like, why can't you just say what you will do For black people? Yeah. Fa call him a fa. Yeah. Why can you just You know? And she, she could, she worked her way around it. She answered it, but she still had to work her way around it. And I'm like, there's a way in which we still have to be in a politics where we're not the majority who elect you In life. What do y'all think would happen though if there was a politician that was just like You know what Donald Trump There? No, I mean, on our side, I know that looks like us.


And I wanna tell you there are politicians who do that. That's not true. True. On a bigger ticket. A bigger ticket. Like Not mad Barack Obama. That's why a lot of black people said That Barack Obama didn't You know without win. But what you guys are talking about is at the presidential level. Yes. And politics is about addition, not subtraction. Yes. So you do have to say things to appeal to a broad coalition Of people or, or Not. But I would challenge or not say things. But I would challenge you to say there are tons of politicians who do call a thing a thing and speak very truthfully about it. Congresswoman Ayanna Presley is one of those people. Congresswoman Barbara Lee is one of those people. There are mayors as as he Referenced council. The problem is city council, if they check them, then they're not enough.


I Agree. They're not enough. But, but, but we're talking about the majority experience with politics is you are listening to this politician and nothing they're saying Yeah. Is believable. Right? Yes. And that's your lived experience because I had these problems before you got there. Yeah. You told me you'd solve them. I'm up to elect you again. And the same problems are still persistent. Yeah. Now one, I try to be honest with people anytime I've ever run it shared that this doesn't change overnight. Right. This system didn't get here overnight. Yeah. That's why go wrong. We're 400 years here. Yes. And through a a, a civil war that divided the country, it came out of the Civil War had what, less than 10 years of, of independence, our ability to run. Right. And then the reconstruction laws got taken away from us. Right.


And then we get another a hundred years. And when we found ourselves in civil rights and we barely get out of that, that system does not change overnight. It was not invented overnight. Yeah. Yeah. And it requires a level of patience, sophistication, but also sticktoitiveness that we're not gonna give up on that fight. And so it isn't dependent from one election to another. Movements require us to stay in them in order for them to move. But I think it's one of the things like she said is it's like when, when you look at like Barack Obama Right. And you say, wow, we finally got somebody that looks like me. Yeah. He's gonna do something for my community. Yeah. He's gonna stand up when the police officers killed the brother for no reason. Yeah. He's gonna stand up when he sees this. He's gonna stand up when he sees injustice. Yeah. And he doesn't He Did.


Or, or when's True. Did Or when he ended up with Skip gates. What did they have him do? A beer summit. But he, he called out racism for a white, a black professor getting in his own house. Yeah, yeah. Getting arrested or Handcuffs went crazy when he said Trayvon Martin could be my son. And then what did he end up then with after bat? He's gotta sit down with white folks as the president of the United States and then retract it practically and make it appear as if No, your white son would've experienced the same thing. Yeah, yeah. Not true. Yeah. So when he stepped out Democrats, republicans, everybody in between clipped his knuckles and were like, whoa, whoa, whoa. You're not that man and this house. But he, he did try. You gotta be something different. But I, I think, I think to Laura's point, 'cause I, I understand what she was saying about Governor West Moore Moore, the Democratic And.


I love him by the way. I thought he was fired. I think he should out the president at some point. But I was like, what? Let's Get completely understand. I think you're right on. Right. I completely understand what you're saying. I think Westmore is, governor Moore is a wonderful person, wonderful human being. I also think he's very politically ambitious. And so he is setting his sights on I need to continue to build and attract people to my campaigns. Sadly in, in politics it's too common a thing where you can profess loudly on what you'll do for everybody else. And you whisper that shit to black folks. Yep. You profess loudly what you'll do for everybody else's issue. But you go behind the curtain and say, okay, but black folks, I got y'all once we get in the office. Did it not. Right. Yeah. I think that you do have to challenge those and con and confront those systems.


I don't think we're there yet. We are 14%, But we are, 'cause she, 'cause she did it, right. Pamela Vice President Harris did. But we're 14% of the population. And so I, when you're talk about that level, you do have to make an appeal. Now if Vice President Harris comes out and says, I'm for, I'm the president for reparations. I believe You know I'm going to eradicate the criminal justice system. I am going to Right the wrongs of, of housing You know black folks have been, and this is her chief message that she's banging. She would not have the coalition that she did. She would not have the Chaney. So the question I would, well the question I would put to you then is, is it important for her to get in office and then hold her accountable to our agenda?


Or do we want her to go out there, rah rah rah and, and normalize speaking about our issues. At the risk that she may not win an election, I want her to run the race on the campaign and on the issues that she's running. And the fact that she's the first candidate for president of the United States to have a black male agenda ever is progress. Yeah. Obama didn't have a black men's agenda, right? Nope. Yeah. Or a black woman's agenda. That doesn't mean he didn't do things that benefited our community, but he did not feel at the time that he could run realistically for president of the United States with a black agenda and said as much when asked about what your black agenda, he said, my agenda is for the American people and we all benefit from that.


And that had to be good enough for us. At the time, Kamala didn't, didn't do that. She actually took an added risk Right. By saying black man calling us out. And not just that, not superficially, she then put the policy behind it didn't begin and end with jail and drugs. Right. I just, I wanna, I wanna point out really quick, Just Really, really quick. Nebraska is in And, I wanna, I wanna say this because I think this is significant. In 2020, Donald Trump won four of the five. This is one of the states that split four of the five electoral votes in Nebraska tonight. Donald Trump won three of the five. So two of those are going to Kamala Harris, Which are a requirement for her in order to win the blue in order to win the presidency.


Because if she won all the blue wall and did not capture those two congressional seats out of Nebraska, she still could not have been president. She would be one vote short electoral votes in the electoral college. Okay. So Nebraska had, she needed some, so we're looking good. She needed those two. But I'm saying in 2020, Joe Biden got One. Oh, only got one. Yeah. Someone in, I'm on the live chat for The. Breakfast Club YouTube channel. There's over 10,000 people in here and someone is asking for thanks for watching y'all. Yeah. Thank you guys for tuning in. Someone is Asking if you guys can talk more about North Carolina because it's really close. Yes. We expected it to be close. Yeah. One, one of the things that I think is really important for us to note is that Shakia Harris is, who asked that, fuck, hi Sha. Yeah. What She is.


Oh God, you so rude. What? Shut up. Anyway, Shaki, we love you. Ignore Ard. You could say something smart mouth him. She Ain't ignore him. She like you. Damn flag. But I think the one thing that's important here is in North Carolina, this has been a state that we have not won since Obama. Since Barack Obama in 2008. And so Kamala Harris winning this tonight, if she does it will be a another history making year. But it demonstrates go, it demonstrates that black folks, when they're at the top of the ticket, can capture states that some other folks can't. Well, I will tell You. There you go. Turn the music up. God. Folks know. Turn the folks watching at home. They just dropped in Beyonce.


Can't Thank you for that question. Beyonce in the background. We didn't, she, she didn't need, or she didn't need North Carolina in order to win the race for president and the electoral college or North Carolina would be icing on the cake for us if we were able to get it. And it is absolutely expected to be close if it comes over at all. I I knock on doors in North Carolina on Sunday, so I'm expecting a victory. Yeah. You know And. I spoke at churches, You know. And you spoke At churches. Yes, I did. You know another grievance. I think Trump speaks to, I think he speaks to the poor better than Charlotte. Put your mic closer. The Poor, the white poor or poor. It's poor. Period. When people hear people, when you hear somebody talking about You know you can't pay your bills and you can't keep food on your table and you can't keep a roof over your head and these, but then he'll mix in.


These are the people taking the jobs from you. This is why you can't eat. I think all of that works. I think that Agree. If it's not true. Right. That's grievance politics. Yeah. But if there's the reason you're losing it feels true. It's always point. But I think boo I think it's more rooted in this, this is, this is what I think is causing more, more of a racially diverse coalition to come into the Republican party. 'cause they're speaking to this a lot more. They are, it's a mirage, but they are speaking to it. Daddy, I'm on set. They have the beauty of being able to say things like, so first of all, at what point of Donald Trump's life does he represent better? My lived experience? I mean, the man got a million dollar loan from his daddy to start a business. I ain't never seen a million dollars. Did grow up with it.


I mean, you were rich in our community. If you took your family to McDonald's on the weekend for, for a meal, it was so, the fact that he can embody that better than almost any politician is insane to me. But I get it. Because you're right. Charlemagne speaks to it and then he tells you who's to blame for it. None of us are ever going to do that one, because it actually isn't the truth for many of us. Yeah. In our places. Well, he's A marketing genius too. Like You know. We had Nory No called the radio this morning. He was like, yeah, You know I was richer. I had more money when Donald Trump. But it's just what Donald Trump has been saying for so long. People Start to believe not just Trump Republicans, like it's it mind bog It's mind boggling to me that You know since World War ii, the economy has always done significantly better with a Democrat president, but they haven't been able To mention it and they don't, we don't say it.


Right. Yeah. And, and we don't celebrate it either. But you're absolutely right. We're the ones who improve the economy. They're the ones who take money from you. Give it to the top 1%. That's right. But then run up campaigns about you not being able to keep a roof over your Head. Crazy. Why do Democrats act so scary around money and Republicans like, it's like we scared to, like, I, I feel like I agree. I feel like this is just my assumption. I agree. Yeah. I feel like Republicans are not afraid to tell you. Like, look, this is how I grew up, but this is what I got. This is what I've done. This is what I can get you. But us, I feel like we always have to be the, like humble, the I'm still, I feel you, I'm still here with you. And I. Think there's a lifestyle that people aspire to and want. Everybody wants agreed to agree. You, you watch Trump to eat in your house for a long time. Everybody wants to live this lifestyle, have this money, and they see him and he leans into it.


We just don don't know why. Why do we have to that? I don't know that I don't know That. I don't know that on this side of the, like on the democratic side of the aisle that people are that rich either. Like Right. I think the, the most important thing to understand is like Donald Trump is a failed businessman who has projected riches but not rich at all. And even especially after these court cases and the fines he's had to pay and had to borrow money to pay them. But Kamala Harris on the other side talks about being raised in a middle class household and she went straight from law school into public service. So She, but the aspirational, she's never aspiration does win. Yeah. I'm just saying that the reason why there's not a leaning in here is 'cause that would be false. So whenever No, but But his is false too. His leaning into it.


Right? Absolutely. I said that. But I think that it's, it's, people like to vote for something that looks like a success. Yeah. And he exudes success even though all of his businesses crumble underneath his thumb. Right. But he's marketing suggests otherwise marketing. I mean, he owns a company right now that ain't nobody on this platform. And it's, and it is, it is somehow valued that of, of the same value of Twitter. Oh, Trump media. Yeah. Well his What's that? The app that he thought social. Social true social. Hey, I just want y'all to know that Trump is at two 10 and the old people in South Carolina is panicking. I'm looking at my group chat. Well, let me, Let me tell you guys The old where group chat on Facebook. I see on Facebook. No, This is a group chat.


The old people south line. How many Green spoke was in action group chat. Hey, the old Jesus, That's definitely green. I Don these lemme tell you Christ, this it Look like, look like we in trouble. Trump is overperforming. Where's he overperforming? don don't Know. I think that's the question we have to answer. If they can talk, talk point us to the states where he is overperforming, I would be Important. We haven't Seen concern where like inconceivable he said this is inconceivable. Well, let me, let me ask you guys this. One thing that we've seen, and we saw it happen in Florida as well, Andrew, in 2018, there are several ballot initiatives in states all over the country. One that's up in Arizona is proposition of 1 39, which is the right to abortion right now.


That ballot initiative to ensure that there is a right to abortion in the state is Overperforming Vice President Harris, right now that is Yes. Is a 63.1% of the vote. Whereas she's performing at And I, I lost, oh, here it is. She currently has 49.5% of the vote to Donald Trump's 49.6. She's neck and neck. But that right to abortion is Overperforming. I'm interested to See over performing both. I'm interested to, yeah. I'm interested to see why that is. Because if federally they're able to ban abortion, that state ballot initiative does not matter. It gets Trump. It gets Trump Because of federalism Po.


Federal. But I, I would argue that most people likely do not understand that. I know they don't. And I will say something controversial that I disagreeing with with Charlemagne about You know him speaking to the poor and this is what people care about. I'm going to say something that people don't like to hear. What's that? Most people in this country are, are not intellectually curious about a lot of things. And I think Trump's rise to power has coincided with the dumbing down of the American electorate and the confluence of things that led to that. If you ask most people what are, where are you getting your information from? Most people are not reading papers. Most people are not even curious enough to read a website of a cancer. But it's fair. It's it's also fair. It's the fact that he's saying immigrants are coming, taking your jobs, but You can look and see if that information is true or not.


Like I I read probably eight papers every day. But they can, they think that and when, but when you read the, the article and then you see what's on television. It is a snapshot of something. Yeah. But People don't see that. They'll see that mercy schools are closed because immigrants staying In school. That's my Frustration. Hotels. But we do all But y'all missing All day and Not, you don't have to be intelligent to know that you can't eat I. don. I agree with that. Because They real life don't, they don't have had the time to do this. 'cause you trying to figure out, okay, best so my kids, But they do have the time. That's my problem. If you can sit on Instagram for an hour, you have the time to look at a can. If you have the time to participate in Something. If, if they did right now with the disinformation of information, You don't know what's true or what's not, you don't Know.


And you can find an opinion out there that looks Yeah. Now they got another one that reflect your, that's angel that reflects your view. I, but I people be on Facebook. I was Facebook sending it all the wrong information, all the wrong, my cousin sending wrong all that from Facebook. I'd be like, get off the internet please. I sent it to my mother. Share responsibly Get I I I do wanna say too, there's one other disparity I wanna talk about. I know I just talked about abortion on the ballot in Arizona. One of the other things that we haven't talked a lot about tonight are split tickets. Right? Right. So some people will vote Democrat or Republican at the top of the ballot and then do something different when they go down ballot. One place where we're seeing that again is in North Carolina. We talked earlier about the craziness that was Mark Robinson, who's only captured 40% of the vote to Josh Stein's 55.1% of the vote.


But when you look at Kamala Harris's performance percentage right now, it's, it's significantly lower. She's at 47.8% to Donald Trump's 50.8%. So it's slightly under 3% of there difference between them. But the other, the gubernatorial candidate Molly, walked Mark Robinson. Gotcha. It would've been nice to see consistency found Ballot. Well, we talked about split tickets earlier, that there are people who will vote for the top of the ticket and then vote differently down ballot. Yeah. Especially on some of those ballot initiatives. But I I still maintain that people do that because they don't understand the process and how it works. Absolutely. And I'm not blaming that exclusively on people, voters and non voters. I think there's a lot of shared responsibility in that.


But we have to at some point start holding voters accountable for having the intellectual curiosity to at least go out and look and find information. Right. And, I don't buy this that people don't have time because it might be, if they have time to send articles on Facebook, you have time to go to the source. You could literally go to, to campaigns and see where people, so Let me ask you a question. With, with an hour before we get to midnight Eastern time, what should we be looking for? What should we be seeing in the Next Jesus? What are the states? What are those states that Yeah, what's should be coming in now? What should Be looking at? I I don Dunno if that, we'll see the major states don don't know that we'll get results tonight from Pennsylvania with constant mission. Well, Again, depends on how quickly, how many people count These votes to Pennsylvania.


Question Andrew with Trump at two 10, what state could come in right now that you'd be like, all right, bro. So, Well, California could come in and he would be less than where she is in the total. He would be behind her. Oh, so California, The whole state, 54. All of the state, all of his votes will go one way or the other and go. But see, we Saw that in 2016 though. I remember when Hillary won Callie and it was like, oh shoot. She No, You Asked four votes. Did I? What might, what what Picked him? He would not have, she would not have some Votes in him. There's a big thing that can happen for any of them. It is going to be a state by state. I mean there will be states that will put huge numbers back in her column. Got you. That's when California comes through. But if I were a voter right now, wondering about what I should be paying attention to. Right.


I would be tracking the Michigan Yeah. Outcome. And again, I think they were at 50, 52% of the vote being counted there. Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan, Wisconsin Is one. They're one percentage point of difference right now. 1%. It's 56% of votes. 56 is a lot more that state still has to counted. It's really close. So, so they, they will have to continue to watch those. And then I would throw in there Nevada and Arizona. Yeah. I have a question about, you keep mentioning Nevada. I was listening to CNN earlier today and they were saying that if Kamala doesn't win Pennsylvania, she shouldn't, she doesn't have to worry because she can grab Nevada and there's two Arizona, Arizona, and one other state.


How do you guys, it Just depends. So we have to actually look at the map and we encourage all the viewers at home to do the same. There is electoral college maps and Lauren on here too. You can Mark, I've been putting the numbers on the little, I don't have, I've been saying I need a on my phone. Get a pen. So you were saying Michigan, Wisconsin, Nevada's, battleground, Nevada. You, Arizona, you just said Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania. North Carolina, Georgia, Georgia, North Carolina, Georgia, Georgia are not states that are must win states for her to win the President, depending on how the rest of the map, Assuming the blue wall holes. Yeah. Which I don't have a reason to think that it wouldn't, but if it, if it, if it held, she won't need either of those two states to make the difference for her other than, So they just said, I just wanna shout out myself because they just said on CNN Nebraska's fascinating.


I said that everybody blew me off. I did say that. We just got another text from a og. Oh, what Is happening on your phone? Somebody take The man's phone. So over 80 og What'd he say? Her Butt's getting kicked. She can still win with a Hail Mary pass. God willing. No, they're not paying, paying attention to the state. That's not true. Look, this Tell what the streets is saying. It's what the OG is saying. Look, What I want you to do is look at the I I I Look at no compared to 2020. I agree. I thought Compared to, I thought he had lost and we went to bed about 2:00 AM Yeah. And, I was fully prepared for Trump presidency when I woke up and we woke up the next day. The numbers have flipped. Yeah. Yeah. And they and the ensuing days, so did not Matter. And it's not that they flipped because I do all the count.


Yeah. I wanna make sure that we're very careful about our language because we are expecting political violence from people that are suspecting that the election is rigged. Yeah. When you look at the exit polls for Trump supporters and be, they're saying that they don't trust the process, even though they're turning out in large numbers, they're saying they don't trust that the voting process is one built in integrity. Well, we are not saying that now. Votes are gonna flip to her. What we're saying is there are significant states with the, that are, that you need to count to get to two 70 that aren't in yet. Right, right, Right. I'm talking about the existing states that right now, of course look as if they are Trump states. And as the vote continues to be counted and the tally is totaled, they end up in a different column and they're not ending up there.


'cause they're being stolen. They end up there because the vote tallies dictate that. That's exactly where they are supposed to be. Yeah. The only reason why I keep saying I went to bed thinking one way is because if you're in a mood right now and you're wondering whether or not You know we are repeating History. That's the 20 ma. We are repeating history. This is 20, it's 2020 history and not 2016. That's 2020. Yeah. It looks, it's almost, they're the same Look at it. So I'm showing nar Turn your computer this way. Tip is probably looking at it on her phone. Turn your nar turn your computer. Well actually turn it over that way. Georgia. Georgia. Because I want y'all to come down. Georgia's a different, this is 2020. Oh. Oh, I see what you're saying. Yeah. Oh, overlay. Okay. Okay. So now we can you shake your shoulders a little bit?


What's going on down there? You all right? Oh, watch the night. I thought I heard a little juvenile. Oh my God. You Did. Yeah. You heard auntie. All right. You heard little. What Happened? They playing with you down there? You, you said that. I heard it. I heard It. I'm trying to focus up here. Heard, I heard it. They playing with you. How, How are you feeling? I'm, I'm gonna send that out to the old people. Honestly, right now I feel like I'm learning in real time because I feel like I've never paid this much attention for this long on election night. I think I go vote, we listen a little bit, go to sleep, wake up, it's whatever. So I think in real time I'm learning just how these things can slowly progress and yeah. Feel hopeful. I'm learning to watch Fuck At home.


I honestly, for the last, I would say maybe like two weeks, I don't really feel anything. I'm just kind of waiting for whatever's gonna happen so I can figure out what I have to do. Because we can Brace. I'm at the point in my life where like, whatever happens, I gotta deal with it. I'm very hopeful. I know what I want to happen. You're hopeful. I'm very hopeful. I'm, I'm praying And You know with, with us jumping into politics like we did in the last couple of years, it just, I have so many questions of why. Right? Yeah. I think the last couple, we've been doing it for about a eight, several Cycles. Yeah, yeah, yeah. More serious than the last time would say six, seven years. But You know, I want, I have questions like why, like why are we still playing with this electoral vote? Like I said earlier, why isn't it just not the popular vote now? Like, like give Rid of electoral college. Right? Yeah. I wanna see Lauren and Envy run a campaign to get rid of electoral College.


No, I'm good. Go all over there. Why kids? I kids. I ain't got no time. I Just think it's, I think it would be Good, good for the kids, but there are, but what would be better? There actually are people doing that work that's can join. And Eric Holder, former attorney General Eric Holder, who was the attorney general under President Obama, he was posed this question a lot and You know, they said, well, what would it take to get rid of the electoral college? And he, they said, well, You know that's a heavy lift. And he said, well then we have to lift heavy. So his organization is actually fighting to do that. Yeah. So you can fund that organization. You can host something for him. Yep. You can be a part of it. As long as long as you're asking the questions, why be sure to have an answer or contribute to the answer. Right. Like, you can be a part of the solution. How effecti effective is it? Is it like, 'cause I feel like with the Green Party situation, like they, they're, they're, it is not effective, but it's there.


How effective, how Effective Is it? Is what he is the, his campaign Is doing. I'll tell you honestly, I think it's going to be near impossible to get white people to say, we will give up our power. And that's what, that's what will be required. They'll have to say, we're willing to give up our power. Right. But you gotta, so in Republic, so in, in, in the state of Florida, we would benefit greatly by a populous vote being able to make a decision. Except that I also know that if I did that, the majority of populated places are democratic. Right. And they will choose Democrats every time in a popular vote. So if your power is derived from people making policies that benefit largely white Republican voters, why would I change my power?


I'm not giving that away. So it, I think it's going and because you gotta get two thirds of states to agree to a change in the constitution, we better start spreading out and You know reverse Rating. Use it our advantage if it ain't going nowhere. I Wanna, I I I just really quick, I wanted to just highlight some of these valid initiatives. Again, Colorado Amendment 79, the right to abortion and health insurance coverage passed. And Florida went down Florida. It did not pass Maryland After did marijuana. Oh wow. Went down Maryland passed the right to abortion amendment. And there's a few others that are still out.


New York also passed the right to abortion amendment. So when you guys talk about why envy, we have to figure out a way to engage people beyond just candidates. We have to. Yeah. So many of these ballot initiatives, there were more than 140 I believe, and 40 plus states and 57 of those were led by citizens. They weren't led by elected officials. They didn't come down from state legislatures. We gotta figure out a way to get people involved. What we do know is the way that we've done it has historically just barely worked. But I think there are a whole lot more people out here in this country that think like us, who are just disenfranchised, who feel like they've never been heard and never seen by the political process. So I'm so grateful we to be doing this show with y'all tonight as Leonard zones out, because No, I'm listening.


I think you're right. I think that we need to be with y'all to figure out what, how can we make this conversation more pedestrian, right. More accessible and more tangible. So people feel like there is a pathway to victory for them with poli building political power. You think celebrity Works? 'cause we were talking about this on The, Breakfast, Club. Do you think all these You know getting all these celebrities to speak and celebrities to perform and celebrity and Kamala happy Beyonce? Does it need, does it mean anything though, For whatever reason, it doesn't seem like celebrity works for Democrats, but for some strange reason, the celebrity billionaire works for Republicans Works for how ELog must resonate with Work for either, I don't think it works for either. But I tell you what they do do. 'cause I ran a campaign that solicited celebrities to come in and, and help as well.


What they do is they bring attention. Yeah. They bring news to press stories that don't You know if you're not getting pressed, they can help get you some, you'll take advantage of that. But it has been surveyed, it's been polled. It's been proven that the most influential voice to change your perspective one way as it relates to who you might support or not support is a person that You know personally. So we have the most influence over the family. We have, we have the most influence over our true friends. The folks who look to you, they trust you and they believe you. But celebrities bring attention. And I think that's a value to a campaign. But when you think about endorsements, it's the endorsement of the person.


You know you trust you have a relationship with that's gonna move you to vote a certain way or to vote at all. Right? It's gonna be our fam, it'll be the people we know and love. And I. Don't think celebrity works on the right either. I don't think there are people who are voting for Donald Trump. 'cause Hulk Hogan no shows up or Kid Rock shows up. And I Who's not even ready to vote. I musk delivered votes for Trump. I, I but had support. I do. So you think there were people who were I'm not gonna vote for Donald Trump. Oh, but wait, Elon must support, What about the way he manipulated act? I think it's All day long. That is different. That's not celebrities. I listen, I haven't watched it that freed react, but a lot of people have been raving about the interview he just did with Joe Ro. Oh my God, it's all over everybody.


I haven't watched it. But they're saying what they, they was like, yo, he sealed the deal. He sold me on. I'm not even, I've I've heard Elon bus. Yes, I've heard that. But is that or business You're Saying what now, Elon? That down Elon Bus did Rogan. Oh, Elon Musk did an interview With no, like two days, two or three days ago. I got, and everybody was saying how he, they was like, yo, he sealed the deal for trial. don don't even know what he said. I would go back to my earlier point about the dumbing down of the American electorate. When Joe Rogan is your go-to person who can convince you to vote one way or another. Talk joined by Elon Musk. Elon Musk didn't just do that interview though. He's literally changed the algorithm on Twitter so that we're seeing a lot of conservative and and missing that's Notation against the law.


That's not illegal. I feel like it should be. Especially when he went on stage and was like, I got a million dollars finny to show me that you registered to vote somewhere. What is another, Another state was just projected for Vice President Harrison. I don't know, but I know we gotta look crazy everywhere. Tip's the only professional We, The, People down here. I think that we complicate a lot of these things and it's, it's kind of simple. That's what I'm saying. It's literally about, people want to feel like they got more money in their pocket and they want to feel safe. And that is, those are two very simple things that for some reason democrats aren't able to speak. But Why do they believe the Republican who has a track record in the history of saying this is not a thing or, or, or saying this is gonna happen, but it actually is not a thing.


Versus democratic administrations that have proven over and over again through tax credits, through trying to democratize what's happening. Where is she? All right. Okay. She's coming to grab me. I'm about to go down there with the people and be down there and we can, let's do one alley back and forth for a little bit. So, okay. Ain my heels about to truck it down there to be outside with the, before you guys Drugs pick comb with You. We what, what you say? Don't do That I don, take Comb. Sit here looking like a white because it could blow your hair gonna be blowing. See you always rat S look like white toast. Don't see you got A rat tail comb. Don't keep the light skin out of it. Lauren. We was all together til then. We got, I'm got Her rat tail comb to get up under her wig. First of all, Comb, when you Lauren, He just mad that he needs popping Some.


I'll see y'all when I get to the table. Want Cali? Okay. We can't wait to hear from you Laura. We gonna see you down there. Okay. Number 1 79 California's in. That's right. Which is what Andrew was saying earlier, that the, the lead will decrease once California comes in. She's not ahead, but the lead is significantly dec decrease with California coming in. So tell all them South Carolinians. I'm about to and we see walking all over that. Oh, what I did map did what I sent, I sent them the map. And I said this was the map in 2020. What'd I say? Not, don't worry about It. That was fast. She came Back, she came in updating us on something we already doing. Lauren, these headphones that ain't delayed po baby. So I I, I'd be curious to know what percent of the vote is in in Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin.


So right now on the map that I have, it says too close to call 68% in, in Pennsylvania and Michigan too. Of course it reloaded While I was talking To you, Pennsylvania, for me, I got 67% reporting and 51% for Trump. Yeah, that's what I'm North Carolina. 86% reporting. 50.9% for Trump, Michigan, 27% reporting. 51.2% for Trump, Georgia. And 90% reporting 51.1% for Trump. Jesus, Wisconsin is 60% reporting 50.4% for Trump. No, I got 49.9. And she's at, she's at 48.4%, which is just a little under 2%. And at the very, very close races.


What we need to remember, Tiffany said this earlier as well, some of the last counties to be counted are the blackest and most and the most urban counties because they are significantly larger counties. So those are normally holdouts. They're also the ones that experience the most death threats, the most harassment. And so, and we've seen that across the board, both in southern states like Georgia and of course in Pennsylvania as we reported earlier today. Well regardless of the tactics, somebody will win those states. We shall over, there Was a, an incident at a polling site earlier this week in South Carolina that Bakari seller shared with us.


It, he posted it on Twitter and it was all the polling workers, all the poll workers were black women. I'm sure you've seen this. And the white man with the MAGA hat on, he was not supposed to be in there with the hat on. They were trying to ask him to take it off and he wouldn't. And he got, he physically confronted the black women. I watched that it was about six or seven black women and this, this white man. And he got violent with them. And I watched that And I knew instantly that he would never have behaved that way. Had those been black men in that room. Oh, absolutely. They only act like that when they're still Got his eye blacked. Good. I, I felt like all the black women should, the one woman had the cane. I'm like, y'all should have took that cane and beat the crap out of that dude.


Because I gotta assume my life is in danger if you're confronted me like that. But I bring that up to say one, the threats of political violence are real. Yeah. We have tangible evidence of that. But two, these are the people, Charlemagne, that you're saying, what do we do on the other side of this? I have no interest in connecting with that man. I already know who he is. I already know who those pockets of people are. And, I. Wonder how embolden these folks will continue to be regardless of how this race turns out. That's really what's the, the main thing on my mind. 'cause we may not know what happens tonight, but regardless of what happens, there is an ugly underbelly in this country that has been unearthed in a way that puts us all in harm's way.


I think Jim Clyburn said it's going to be Jim Crow two point. So your mike Yeah. Mike Mouth. Yeah. Clyburn Clyburn said it was gonna be Jim Crow 2.0. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Alright. Do you guys have any concerns about that? Look, we all live in cities where we're gonna be mostly safe. They're You know progressive cities and, and black cities. But I'm curious if you guys are worried about family members or whatever happens. Don don't. I don't even think you can be. I don't think you can be safe in a Progressive city. Yeah, I was gonna say that. Well, the days over I feel safe. I I mean I'm here in the nation's capital. I I do, I feel safe. I don. I don't feel safe sometimes in Jersey especially for my kids going around. Yeah. You know. I gotta worry about my, my, my kids driving down the road and a big pickup truck with a Trump flag comes and sees him and what they might do, what he might think about doing if my son cuts him off by accident, what they might You know possibly be doing for my son.


Or same thing with my daughter. So I am very nervous. And I seen how it shifted in the last, I would say 10 years before that. I didn't get that. I didn't have that as much. But I seem like I, I feel like a lot of times when I see that Trump flag, it's almost like a sign of racism when I see this. Yeah, Yeah. Of Course. So it, so it does make me nervous regardless of, of what state I live in or what state I visited. I feel like it's everywhere. And then when I visit these states, And I visit these cities and I'm doing shows in these cities, And I. See people, I was in Sephora the other day. I was getting something for my wife, And I. And a guy walked in with a red Make America gray hat again. And it scared the shit outta me. Yeah. It it just 'cause it, it, it was shocking. Yeah. And he was just going in there shopping. But that's what that means to me when I look at it.


And it means that to a lot of people. Agreed. Yeah. It's so triggering. Especially I think it didn't, it was irritating in 2016, but after what happened on January 6th, 2021, where you literally saw the Trump flag, the confederate flag and the American flag altogether on January 6th, all of them are triggering to me. But that one especially because it's like I understand everything that this man is connected to, but Trumpism wins the day for me. It wins the day for me over democracy. It wins the day for me over whether or not we can be equal or not. In fact, I don't wanna share my power with you is the message that I feels like there's sending it. So I understand exactly what you're saying. I was telling my homegirls, we were, two of us were getting ready to go eat in New York and this man was wearing a Make America Great again hat.


And he passed me once, then he passed me twice. And then he came back a third time. And by that time Alicia was there. And I was so scared. I was like, does he know who we are? Like, is he coming to attack? I literally just got on the phone just because I was waiting for our, our reservation at the restaurant. It is so triggering and it's very scary. Yeah. So in a place like when it was in, it's in New York and it's like in Tribeca, right? It's not like You know in the Bronx or it the places where You know some of the other folks can act a little different Queens. It was literally right there in Tribeca. And I was like, okay, what's happening? Do I need to get ready to defend myself? I condo I move like that. I think I'm not condoning violence, but if you are crazy enough yes.


To confront me, I have to assume my life is in danger. And, I'm gonna act accordingly. And I think when I saw that man and how he treated those women, I assumed their lives were in danger. Yeah. So if I'm in presence and I'm assuming somebody else's life is in danger, I'm gonna act accordingly in that case too. Yeah. So again, this is something that transcends tonight's election results. This cycle's election results. I just think we have turned a point in this country where the violence will become a a lot more ubiquitous than what we've seen previously. Look Now, now we're at Hampton University campus. What is he Doing? Why you, he's contemplating where he gonna move. Contemp, contemplating what type of, Oh, we need have the pod father come on.


Yeah. Chris, come up here. Chris, what were you Saying while Chris is coming up here. I was gonna say, so we are on U Hampton. I said Hampton Howard University's campus. Yeah. We'll come La Harris speak to the crowd regardless of, of what happens. She is gonna come out and she's gonna speak to the, to the and alumni and all that tonight. I wouldn't. Yes. Why wouldn't you? I would wait for what? I don't know. Well, She has to, all these people are here. She will definitely come out tonight. And I will say this. We would understand this. I will say this. Charlamagne And I were at Hillary Clinton's. Yes. Oh Lord. Celebration. And she didn't come out. So I was just asking was she is she's definitely coming out comedy You know what though hon? If she, if she was to lose it wouldn't feel like that Hillary was a complete and total shock.


Like, whoa, what just happened? This isn't like, but she had the Popular voter Stuff. This isn't, This isn't, yeah. She has the re a Complete total shock. You said this isn't We are not, We're Not. But we don't know yet. We Don't know yet. That's I'm saying. But if it was to happen, yeah. It wouldn't be a complete choice. Shocked You Know. Been shocked, be mad. Unprecedented. Unexpected and unprecedented. What we saw in 2016. Yep. Hillary Clinton was really the first model for that. Like, what do you do? Al Gore was another model for it, right? Yeah. He did come out in 2000 the evening. Alright, Now what they saying she might win. Okay, now what's Happening, Jeff, in another state for Vice President Harris. Well, and while we're waiting to see what that state is, Chris, Chris Morrow.


Chris, how you feeling brother? Who is our, we call him the pod father Tiffany. I, I was combined. The names of me, 'cause I always say podcast godfather. He owes a reason choice with us. And he was over there looking crazy enough for Leonard to be like, look at Chris. So we called him up here. Chris, what's wrong with you man? I'm not feeling great at the moment. I gotta be honest. Show him the overlay of the map, Lenard so he can calm down. He doesn't have the old one. He only Has, I mean, I've been, I've been updating every couple seconds. I mean, You know. I've been wandering around in the crowd. I'm trying to pick up some energy to, to boost myself up. I'm not finding it. Tell me What, what had you most concerned which states? Yeah. Are you are Or pa I'm, I mean, I'm a, I'm a Pennsylvania native. I'm originally from Pennsylvania.


Oh, today? Philadelphia. Well, I live in Brooklyn, so I voted in New York. Oh damn. But You know, my mother was at the polls this morning. She wasn't optimistic. So I'm concerned about that. And You know, maybe an hour ago, I think Harris was up 11 and now it's completely swung. And they have Trump up, I think two right now with about 65% of the voting. Two Points. Yeah. Yeah. That was 73% of Oh, 73%. Yeah. Yeah. And, I. I assume Philadelphia has not been counted yet. No. And that You know, I'm, I'm here having a mini existential crisis over there and I'm like talking to people and people are like, these are the rural, rural counties. Yep. The cities haven't been counted yet.


Don't freak out. Yep. There's still a long way to go. So I'm trying not to freak out. Yeah, don't. Okay. Thank you. Yeah, I mean I was, I'll share with you, we went to bed in 2020 thinking that the Democratic lost 'cause similar maps were coming in until the ensuing days. And the votes continued to be counted and it swaying the other direction largely because absentee challenged ballots as well as many of the urban centers don't come in until, until later. They're the last in many places to come in And, and states like Virginia. Right? Like Virginia right now is 79% in, she's leading by two percentage points.


That's 13 electoral votes right there too. So I think that we just have to pay attention to the, the ones that are too close to call, pay attention to the urban centers that haven't yet been counted. Those are the larger populations in those states. And then also the west coast. Yeah. Because a lot of these states, they haven't even, they haven't even opened up the closed the doors yet. Right. The one thing you showed me on the bat from 2020 Yeah. Was they flipped Georgia in 2020. Georgia. It don't look like they flipping Georgia. They're not, they don't have to You know. They don't have to. No. Okay. I Think they could. Right now it says there's 88% of precincts reporting and he's got just barely a two percentage point lead over here. Again, Georgia's not a state.


I was putting in the Democratic column. It's a truly purple state. I mean, that was the first time that was a huge deal. That took the work of a lot of people leading up to that election cycle for Georgia to go blue. But I don't think we know that Georgia's a blue state. No, it's not. But I do think Georgia is decisively a purple state now. I think it's competitive for sure. Well, We talked about white folks earlier in states being very white and that's why they're red. However, Oregon has been called for Kamala Harris as well. And that is very white. And there are eight. We Got a live action Oregon Trail movie coming out. I don't know if y'all excited about that. I remember Saying that That was a hell of a transition. I remember playing that. That was a great Game going kid. I'm just trying to find some joy. I hate when the wheel blew out.


The wood wheel. Yes. Oh my goodness. And you had to shoot the bison. Yeah, it was for the Food. I didn't say that. You didn't play that. Let let me ask you guys a question. Was Walls the right pick? Yes, I think so. No, Don don't think I don I don't think it makes a difference. Yeah. That's r That's true. Could it could have. I Don't think because She was the VP who made a difference for a lot of people. don don't think 2020 Did Think she did. I did. I voted. I would've never voted. Go Biden. That's a good point. Vice Definitely made difference for me. Yeah. And I don't think, I mean, I think Josh App Perro would've made a big difference statistically. I think it would've been harmful to her. I think he would've been. Yeah. I She already has enough baggage with the ceasefire people. I think having a Zionist on the ticket with her would've been detrimental to her kids.


Yeah. But but ceasefire people are never gonna be on her side and tell there's a ceasefire. Like, is they They were, I don't Don don't know about that. I think that there are people who can say, You know I can hold my nose and vote for her as You know. I don't anticipate something different happening. We had Mark Lamont Hill on the, oh, you said that yesterday on our live show from Philly yesterday. Talk about that. But I mean, I asked you or recall, I asked Governor Shapiro when we were at the DNC, his thoughts on Gaza and he is, is very clearly, he feels very strongly in support of, of, of Israel. And look, nobody is, is not in support of Israel. But we are just equally in support of a Palestinians Right. To life and safety and the Palestinian's right to exist.


I think having somebody who, who doesn't feel that way on, or who does not openly project to feel that way, it would've been detrimental. Well, Trump definitely don't feel that way. He Definitely don't. But that, but the question he, If Walls is the right thing. And, I Walls been, I I haven't seen walls recently. Have y'all seen walls? Yeah, he's been Out. He's been out. Yeah, I agree. It's right. I agree with you that it's not covered. I I agree with that too. It's not covered. Where they found walls is where they should have left walls. And that was on No, no, no. I'm not saying that Shady Fox. No, That was shade. No, I'm not saying Jesus. I'm not saying in Minnesota. What people don't understand is that Tim Walls was absolutely campaigning for the BP slot as soon as things started moving.


He was one of the first most profound pundits on cable news. They should have left him there. They should have never tried to restrain him. Tim Walls was the, on cable news, The department. He was on cable news as a governor. As soon ASLA Harris was at the top of the ticket. He went on immediately and was defending her. He's the one that came with, with the weirdo messaging frame. He was very effective on cable news. They sought to restrain him when he got to the top or when he became number two on the ticket. And I think that was a very ineffective strategy. Now it will be the best thing ever if they pull this thing out. But, but I will tell you, and they notice I've, I've said the whole time, I'm very, I'm com I, I'm very intrigued by Josh Shapiro. I think the way that he connects with people I've interviewed him with y'all, he's very, very good and effective.


Right. But I do, I have to agree with Tip. We did hear Mark Lamont Hill say on the show yesterday, as you all know, mark Lamont Hill is a member of the Green Party. He said he's voting for Kamala Harris. And she felt, he felt like she sent a strong signal to them by picking, not picking Josh Shapiro You know it brings brings me joy watching people enjoy their food. And I. I'm watching April Ryan over there going, Why are you So rude? You see her? She's all the way over there. She's shut down. Chick-fil-A she probably she's enjoying at Chick-fil-A Well, I think Charlamagne needs some joy, some more joy. And shortly we are gonna be joined by one of the most joyful women I know. And nest Latasha Brown. A black voters matter.


So don't go anywhere. She here, she's in the building. I'm gonna give Latasha my headphones so I can run to the bathroom. Okay. Not here. She here Car. Oh, she's, We're ready. Yeah. Why you take a bio break, But you wanna come, you don't wanna miss it. Yeah. You wanna be destroy and don't get my tracksuit messed up Emmy. Oh My God. You breaking the headphones. Now, one thing about Latasha Brown. Latasha Brown is a realist now. Yeah. Oh yeah. She tell you the truth. If y'all Comes to right here, I Can't. Oh, Chris Marl. Okay. Chris Marl said take his Latasha. Let's Forget Latasha. Bring her Here. Chris, you want I go tell her to come On. Get off. Tell her to get off the phone. We're live. If she were going on any other network, we get off phone, Put her headphones on.


Lolo, Can Lolo get some headphones at work? This is not working. Chris, you sure you don't want an edible? I mean, my Goodness, you guys were at federal property. There are no edibles. It's just a joke. Latasha, come on down. La Brown. Come on down On down here On the phone. I mean, Come on honey. We up right here. We're live. Come here. Right over there. Thanks Chris. Morrow. Thanks pot. Father, come sit right next to ard. Act like you love him even though he's different. Here you go. Latasha Natasha Brown. So we're officially joined Nancy vp, wasn't she your VP of SG? No, she wasn't. But she An amazing Professor.


Somebody is waving front of people watching. Amazing Professor here. How at Howard University Kaisha Grant was waving. Dr. Kenisha grant was waving at Andrew. But we are joined by Latasha Brown, Runs sister with Black Voters Matter. She runs that with Cliff Albright. And we are so happy to have you on set, Latasha, because how you feeling Charlemagne? Why has been trying to bring our joy down home. I'm just, I'm just looking at the realist. So we need some, I'm trying to deal With reality. Push your mic closer. I don know what your reality gonna be. Joy. I'm just trying to think about all possibilities and all possible outcomes. Well, There's still a pathway. Okay. Yeah. Like it's still a pathway. Okay. And listen, the bottom line is for black folk.


Like at the end of the day, what, what do we do when it's easy at the end of the day? Like I, I hear it, but there's no major surprises. Yep. I mean, I think the only surprise though is how in the hell all these millions of people are voting for this man. Right. Like that. We know it. But really what's gonna happen tonight, I will say this. That's whatever happens tonight is a reflection of this country. That's Right. That's just the truth. Yeah. It's a reflection of where we are, what we think about ourselves and what we think about each other as neighbors. And so that is the truth. We can depend on that. You guys have knocked on so many doors and made so many contacts with voters, both old and new. Latasha. What are some of the surprises you saw in the field in some of the states?


And Angela joined them by the way, just so people know. She did join Black voters Matter. Baby Was In these streets. She was door docking. That's what called I, I messed up. I said Nor docking on a live. I'll never live it down. I was doorknocking. Angela was in these streets. You know. Why do you Remember? I know, Girl. I know. It's so funny. I Know. I think the biggest surprise, there were no real big surprise. I I think that the biggest, my biggest surprise where we were talking to people a few days ago and they were saying that they were gonna vote on like middle aged folks. They were gonna vote on election day. They weren't gonna vote on early voting. 'cause they didn't trust voting on early voting. So that was a surprise to me. Yeah, right. I I was really shocked to hear that. You heard that in Georgia or I heard that In Georgia.


But there were multiple states, right. That there is, there's a lot of trust being eroded from across the country with some of the stuff that Trump has been seeing. And so interesting. Because we don't think that it's hurtful, but it's been hurtful for the entire process. So He won North Carolina. I wasn't surprised I could. I said he was gonna win. Now Georgia, I'm a little, I'm trying, I'm still trying to hold a little face. Wait, are you saying they projected North? No, no. They called, they called it, they called. Oh, they called North Carolina. Yeah, they called North Carolina. He's 40 electoral votes away. That's fine. That's, that's that's quite a distance. Yeah, it's quite a distance. Yeah. So how Joe Biden with North Carolina. Right. I ain't seen nothing. I'm y'all, I'm How you feeling Latasha?


How you feeling? You know I am in this moment. Shit. I'm scared as hell Right now. Somebody wanna tell the goddamn truth. All y'all up here. No. We're trying My, There's, I'm holding my joy, but they got nothing to do with me being scared. I can't, Like, it requires courage. don don't want no hope. Where The dog before you got up here, Lanar said, where? Bring Latasha because she a realist. Listen, he did say that before you got up here. Right? Listen Me back. You know it is Vy needs some choice. What is, what is scaring you? She just said she's scared as notebook. I think he said she has, but she's Scared. The number scare me. The numbers are scared. The numbers scare. See, You know Georgia.


It's too close in Georgia. Yeah. I really thought that Georgia was gonna have a different outcome. North Carolina. I said North Carolina. I, I wasn't surprised by North Carolina, Arizona. I'm a little surprised by it. You know Arizona. Why? I, I am, I really thought that Arizona, that she would perform better in Arizona. It's not. It's gotta be early. It's only 51% on their results. Only 51%. It's too close, but it's only 51%. Okay. You think he's gonna win Arizona? I I I uhoh? Yes. You think he's gonna win? Arizona? Arizona? Oh lord. What, What are your thoughts on Georgia Nine 10? Why you Scared? I gotta say I'm a little disappointed that Georgia Oh, I am super disappointed. Yeah.


Can I ask y'all a question? What happened to Stacey Abrams? Didn't Stacey, she have the magical powers, the mobilize people in Georgia. Like What happened? No. Well, let me say, Stacey Abrams did a lot. I never wanna take away from what Stacey Abrams. That's what I'm saying. What happened. But I just wanna say she did not do that work alone. Latasha has was been on ground like for decades. Black voters matter. But listen, I listen, the sister did her work Yes. And all. And there's been a lot of groups that have been doing work. Yes. But we are gonna have to actually say voter suppression doesn't go away. Right. 'cause we working hard. We actually have to overcome that. Right. So we're seeing that in the south this year alone, y'all, it's been over 300 bills been passed around with voter suppression. So for all of us, it's been harder this year vote. That's just a reality. And so ultimately that doesn't make, it's still, it's like you moving the goalposts and you gotta jump higher.


You gotta jump higher. And then when you don't jump that high, then it becomes like a reflection on something wrong with you. Right. We're working our tails off in Georgia. Right, right. We've been on the ground doing our work. But when you are Persian, hundreds of thousands of voters, when you're creating laws to make it much more difficult for people in the process, it has an cumulative effect. So we're gonna deal with that. Whether Harris wins or not, that's still a reality that we're faced, particularly in the South, which is why we need voter. We need to make sure that we have stronger voting rights. Who was the guy you were on the panel with in Georgia? The secretary. It wasn't Oh my God. Sterling. Yes. Sterling. Yeah. So this is a, a concern of mine. Yeah. He's a jackass. But I, I wanna say this because he did a 60 minutes profiled him and he said something that I thought was so telling.


He said, voter suppression is not real. And neither is like what? I'm paraphrasing. But essentially neither is this idea that you're stealing an election. I mean, so basically the left is wrong. And the, and Donald Trump is Wrong. I mean, white folks said slavery was good job. Precisely. Like everybody uplift the Day, uplift day. They uplifted him because he did the right thing. He became a hero for doing what he was supposed to do. It was like, if I go into a store, And, I don't steal nothing, I'm all of a sudden a hero. 'cause he didn't find these 11,000 votes for Donald Trump. This is my challenge, Lata. 'cause I think so many people were so willing to celebrate him. And yet we do still see rampant voter suppression in the state.


Oh, absolutely. State of Georgia. And people think, no, we fixed all those problems. We solved all those problems. So I think it's so crucial what you just said. We are climbing hurdles. We're climbing hurdles. Yes. We are climbing mountains. It wasn't even in 2022 as matter of fact, each of the, in 2022, what we saw, people kept saying, well see, there's no voter suppression because there's been high voter turnout. Right, right, right. As if we didn't, the amount of resources, the time and the energy that we're doing around getting people, making sure that people are voting, making sure that folks have access to the ballot. That's, that's crazy. Right. It's really unconscionable where we're going. So at the end of the day when we're seeing this, we still have to factor in voter suppression.


Whatev, regardless of the outcome, voter suppression is real. Right. And it's impacting us. And it's like death's by a thousand cuts. You shave off a few here, you shave off a few there, and then you get this ultimate outcome. And so part of what we've always been concerned about is we've gotta overwhelm the vote. But what that does is that plates a undue burden on us. 'cause listen, I ain't owning this one right here. I'm not owning this. White women gonna have to own this. Yes. Right. White men gonna have to own this Latino of, of, of men and women gonna have to own this. Yes. I we're not just gonna own this. It is not our responsibility to say this democracy solely by ourselves. My concern is that every single damn thing. Every time. So we have done the work and it's been a beautiful, brilliant coalition of people doing the work.


But the truth of the matter is America is structurally stuck into racism and will not fundamentally deal with, with that. Because at the end of the day, this particular man, we are seeing white, white supremacy walk around and parade themselves. Right. Yeah. I agree with you, Latasha. That's why I think we have to stop saying, we, we, we, we, we gonna save the democracy. They're getting the democracy they want. They're getting the democracy they voted for. Oh, they, so we just, honestly, we probably just in the way 'cause this is what they want. Clearly. Yeah. But it's not about their, it's not just about them. We're saving the democracy that we want to. Yeah. At least a element of it. Because at the end of the day, we know harm reduction. So part of us, we ain't black folk ain't crazy. Yeah. We actually know that this system is racist.


We know that this system has not worked in favor of us. We know it's marginalized. We are sitting here seeing a man with 34 felonies. Right. Think about it in a state that you couldn't even vote. Right. With having a felony conviction. Now it is that he's lit and they actually were going after folks who were formerly incarcerated folks to get their rights back. But in that same state, this man yeah. Has 34 felonies and he's running for president. So we're literally looking at the double standard that has always been here. I don't think that black folks are fooled by believing in the system or protecting some democracy. That that is the democracy in the, in the constitution. But what we know is that when democracy is not in place, IE the opportunity for us to weigh in on leadership, that it don't work well for us.


Yeah. When we're not able to put people in place that actually align, or at least will protect us, it don't work well for us. Agreed. Well, we don't have policies in place to make sure that we have resources for our children, for our families. It doesn't work well for us. So ultimately there's a level of democracy that we're, we recognize it's not the democracy we desire, we deserve. But it's one at the very least that reduces the harm happening to our community. What's the Biggest hurdle that you, what's the, what's the pathway? Latasha? Lemme see what they're called. What's the pathway? Oh, we got 180 7. 180 7 to two 30. What's the pathway to victory? For? For, for the Michigan? No, she can still pull this Michigan. She gotta win all that. She gotta win Michigan. She gotta win Pennsylvania.


She gotta win Wisconsin. I think Minnesota is a done. Minnesota's done. It's done. She couldn't even win the state that her VP from. And y'all telling me that was a No, That's, they didn't call that Minnesota. That's not called Minnesota. Done. Minnesota. I sent got Minnesota. She got that. She, oh, okay. Come On now. I know. It's trying to make us lose. Come on now. It's too early. It's too early to call. It's too early to call. It's Too early to call. Envy was asking What's the, yeah, what was the biggest hurdle that you see? I think misinformation and disinformation. It's a huge hurdle. That's what we was saying earlier, right? Oh, absolutely. Misinformation, disinformation, like the kind of the, the information that is being seeded in our communities. And we can always tell, it's interesting.


We we're going to some college campuses in, in Pennsylvania and North Carolina, and we start hearing brothers at a particular age saying the same thing. And when you start seeing patterns, you're asking where you get that and it's wrong information. Yeah. 'cause it's something different. Right. And it was, and we kept hearing the patterns because there's information, we know this is documented that Russia, even right now that we saw in Georgia, there were S 19 bomb threats that literally went to colds of polls in, in, in Georgia. Right. The FBI put out a statement that that was from a rush. They checked, trace that back to Russia. We've gotta be clear, I got Russian packages to my home in 2022.


That there are other actors that have vested interest in this election cycle and they're actively targeting black voters because we are a leveraged vote. But the truth of the matter is, we're not the majority vote. We are the leverage vote. And so we've gotta keep that. We, in order to have the kind of protection that we need, we literally have to have allyship. And so the question is, they're not gonna put this on the feet of just black folk. At the end of the day, I'm asking the question, don't be talking to me about no black men. What these white women did. Right. When you think about things like, somebody just posted an interesting data point. Donald Trump just won Anson County, North Carolina. The county is 40% Black Trump become just a second Republican to win this county since the 1870s. You know, I've gotta look at what the turnout numbers that seems like it's probably a turnout issue.


Yeah. So it means it may mean, and let me see it, where is it? Anson County, North Carolina. I need to see where it's located. 'cause that I also am concerned about turnout part of North Carolina. I was concerned about turnout because of the storm. Right. When you bumping a storm, And I know. You know this Andrew. Yeah. Like, and it uphill your entire life. People are not really thinking about elections. It's not at the top of their piece. So for me, I would look at it And I would think, I don't think you're not gonna find this big exodus of black voters No. To the Republicans. I do think what you'll see is you'll see a turnout Issue. I wanna go back to Arizona really quick. And the reason, let's go back to Arizona. The reason why I wanna go back to Arizona is because right now he's beating her by 0.1 percentage points in 2020.


Joe Biden only won Arizona by 0.3 percentage points. 10000.3 percentage points. Arizona is a tough one. And the Latino vote. Yeah. Like it's really the key vote in that area is the Latino vote. So we're gonna have to see what a Latino Wrote. Do you think that they would've responded positively to the immigration proposals by the, the Harris Walls ticket? It, they went a lot more conservative. Right? Yeah. That's what I think. I think they went a lot more conservative. And we're gonna see, we're gonna see how it watches out. You know what I've been hearing so far. And I haven't had the chance. That's why I'm haven't had the chance to really look at the data. So I wanna be, yeah, I wanna be real with and authentic what I'm saying You know.


I'm not trying like we gotta deal in truth. Yeah. If we going to really take our people to the next level, we gotta deal with the truth of it. And we've gotta deal with what's the element of what is happening in this country. 'cause I do believe there's a larger issue. This ain't about just Trump and Harris. This really is a reflection of where we are as a country. Like ultimately, there's some people that are saying, we gonna die on the sword. Right. Based on protecting white interests at all costs. Right. Don't care about democracy. We don't care about patriotism. None of that. At the end of the day, we at all costs, we're gonna pro protect white supremacy. This man has in insulted Yeah. Every, he's broken every rule that you can break. That's Right. He got something greater than white privilege.


What he got, I don't know. I ain't never seen Something like this. No white privilege, white privilege will, will cause the Civil War. The majority of folks, no, no, no white. But Donald Trump marginalized the greatest white men. Donald Trump marginalizes white men that got power, white men that got billions of dollars that they cow to him. I've never seen anything like it. Like nobody knows how to deal with Donald Trump. Like we keep saying he's a threat of democracy. The DOJ didn't treat him like a threat of democracy. The media don't treat him like a threat of democracy. And voters damn sure ain't treating 'em like a threat to democracy. I've never Seen anything like it that How many, how many white men have had that? Like, like, like I've Never, none. That's the only one I've ever seen like This. No, no, no, no. We're saying that, but historically in this country, we have protected all kind of white men doing all kinds of stuff.


Epstein, all of them. That's, that was big. Like, like, like we gotta be Kennedy. We, we can go on and on and on in terms of how America protects white men in our lifetime. We've seen a different kind of reality. So we had a different expectation. But the structural racism that led you, lemme say this. If you protect and support a whole group of people being enslaved. Like what? Like what else? We supposed to be shocked at what you do. Yeah. Protecting the Trump. Hell, they done protected a whole lot of Trumps. I but I've, I've also seen Woody Allen. I've, I've also seen them make a lot of those white men deal with the consequences of their actions. I ain't seen him having to deal with the consequence of nothing yet. Well, that's why he running for practice. That's my point. He Literally is scheduled to be sentenced a couple weeks from Now.


I agree. Yeah. None of That. Not if this goes his way. Right. Not if this goes Well. He, he's not visiting Yet. He still would have to be sworn in. Hey, none of that happening if he won this race. No. I, I, I think happen before it was even done. No, but I think it's a danger to make it seem like he's bigger than life. 'cause he's not. The truth of the matter is white people in this country have not felt the threat of losing their position in power. We started. So they're not protecting You're on it. Yeah. They're not just protecting Trump because some Trump on it from damn Superman. They're protecting what he represents. They're protecting themselves. They're protecting themselves. And so ultimately, if we don't recognize that, and they've always done that, I can go historically or all of the black folks who have been killed and lited and hung and nothing happened to them.


So we talk about what he did. I'm talking about folks who actually killed our people and nothing happened to them that came after us and nothing happened to them. So that's not something new. That ain't not new in America. Like what we're seeing is a little different level of sophistication around it. And we've not seen some and, and we've not seen a level of protecting a candidate in our lifetime. But part of it's because they're, it's not about the candidate. It's about what he represents. And he represents their position in a way that they're no longer gonna be the majority of this country. Exactly. That's a different ballgame. Well, I maintain that. We knew this election was gonna be tight and we know black people show up late for everything. So hopefully, so. Hopefully, Well, I hope the Latinos in Arizona do too.


Hopefully these black folks show up late. 'cause man, Better late than that You know What And but it bears repeating this election's loss or win should not fall on the backs of black folks. Because what it would tell me at the end of the day, if we have to go through these numbers, we're going to see that we had a lot of disappointment from white women. If it didn't go the way that we think e everybody's like, we're gonna break this 55%. We might not break 52%. Yeah. Of the support from white women. It says a lot. We don't You know it for a fact. It says A lot when I tell you I'm not talking to these hoes. I mean it. Who the ho I don talk to 'em. Whoever voted for Trump. Oh, These white women voting for Trump, voting against their interests, telling everybody, you're not gonna tell us what we're gonna do with our own bodies.


The hell you not, they literally have voted to uphold an abortion ban or, or to vote against an abor to vote against. Well, It's in North Carolina. The, the abortion ban, they voted against it, the ballot initiative. But it's neck, neck and neck with it was neck and neck with Kamala. I I They voted for Josh Stein. But it's neck. It was neck and neck with Kamala. I just say this, don don't Get it. Let me say this white privilege is like some high end cocaine. We don't know About that. No, no. Seriously. Yeah. Like we are not, we are in denial of how white privilege they've never been in a space in this nation that literally they have like their protection of every area of society particularly.


And in terms to the highest offices, they've been protected on that We are, we are really underestimating Right. How fearful they are of just sharing power. Yes. We are not even talking about just sharing power. So ultimately what they're saying, what, what we're seeing in this moment is that we don't care about any of this out. And we will give it all. We will burn it all down in order to protect our privilege. So how could the white people, like the mayor Garlands of The World didn't You know go after That? He should never have been at that position. Trump early. He should never have been there. I So whose fault is that? The person who put him there, which Is Biden. Yeah. So why are those I thought those supposed to be the good white folks that's supposed to protect democracy.


Well, here's what they, they miscalculated I and Uphold democracy. They they miscalculated the fact that this, they, they picked him to be a safe supreme court justice. Yeah. Right. That they would be able to That's right. Get passed with confirmation MCC Republican control Senate. Yes. Once Barack Obama nominated him, And I think that there was some nostalgia or something where they thought, oh, we're gonna put this safe person here. Right. To make them feel like we're reaching out and extending an olive branch. Well, extending an olive branch meant that you took some, put someone as the head of the Department of Justice in the j Edgar Hoover building that continued the legacy of j Edgar Hoover. Hmm. Another thing I learned though, 'cause you asked that earlier, Andrew, about what did we learn over the last year.


I learned that a lot of people don't even know Donald Trump does things wrong because he doesn't get treated like he's doing anything Not true. Right. That's really, and that's, I think that's what Tasha's point though, char mean, all the things you said, they were colossal failures. That's right's. Colossal failure by the media to not treat him that way. That's right. It was a colossal failure by people to not be on the front lines of misinformation and disinformation when technology was moving faster than po or, or technology. Yeah. It was moving faster than policy. It was a colossal failure of, i I say voters for not being more intellectually curious about what's happening. I don't think that elevates Donald Trump. I think it just reflects where we are in society. Yeah. Which is heartbreaking. But I'm still not, I still feel optimistic.


We don't know. Register on. I I do. We still got a little time. I do. We still got time. I do. And we, the big dates that we're waiting for have not yet been called. And Andrew raised something good. I, we were all talking so we didn't hear it. But when you were talking about losing Arizona, Andrew said that he lost And, I put, lost in quotes, but lost Florida by three point 0.3, not three, 3.3. So elections can come down that close and still not go your way. Every vote matters. Counts. But Latasha, you bought home, I think where we started this show about was really this conversation of white privilege and power and what it will do, how it acts instinctually to protect itself. That's right.


That's Right. That's right. Like a knee jerk. That's right. Like someone hits your knee and you kick hard. It's been in place for centuries, y'all. Yeah. Yeah. Muscle memory. It's in place. They don't have to rehearse it. Practice for it. Right. It's instinctual that you respond a certain way when your body is attacked. Your body does the same thing. Yeah. It races to wherever the intrusion is Right. To kill whatever is coming for you. Right. I act the same way about power. Right. I have a plan. If it's about to be taken from you, you'll do whatever it takes to keep it. Latasha, we were on, on the phone, I don. We were on the phone chatting and and we were talking about how it feels different to you. And I was saying, but this isn't different.


And I was, I called Angela or she called one of what Well, somehow we were on the phone phone with each each other. And I was telling her that you were saying it feels different. And. I'm like, it just doesn't, this is the same thing that we've always known. And Angela was like, no, it feels different to me too. Yeah. At the time you said, I need to sit with it. Right. To, to figure out. I just wonder if you've sat with it and if you have anything that you wanna share tonight about why it feels different this time. And I would put that same question to you, Angela. Like, why does it feel different this time when we really haven't, in my opinion, we really haven't seen anything new. Oh, I do think we've seen something new. Okay. And I do think of that as different. Let me be clear what white behavior does not determine or does not define everybody else's behavior necessarily.


Yeah. And And, I'm saying that, that there is, yes, there is a core group of folk in this country, clearly that align themselves with racist, misogynist, sexist ideas. That's clear. Right. But what I have seen that has been distinctively different, and then I'll talk about the energy of what I'm feeling as well distinctively different, is even we saw it different even from the Obama campaign. In the Obama campaign. It was this charismatic, brilliant brother that everybody kind of coalesced and surrounded around and were excited that he was gonna win. What we saw different with, with Kamala's campaign has been that people have literally, you, you saw folks really owning their own identity that was very different. It wasn't just centered around her.


You saw the the cat ladies, the childish cat ladies and the, and the, the the white dudes. And the, there is a coalition, let me tell you whether it's this election or not. There is, there is a coalition of people that are building in this country, literally that the majority is us. Now whether that's reflected in the, in the box is a different thing. But that's why you got voter suppression. That's why you got misinformation and disinformation. If you're just fair game, there's a majority of them. You ain't gotta do all that. So let's be Clear. Does it scare you, Latasha, that we may not know what that electoral might look like? Like, like the Republican electoral might look totally different than, and the Democrat electoral might look totally different than what we're used to. What do you mean?


Like, in The future? Like, like, like you see Republicans now, they bringing in more black people. They're bringing in Latinos. I I'm gonna have to see these numbers because lemme say this. I'm not sure if that's the case. I Didn't think so either until tonight. No, no, no. Not even tonight is not convincing me of that. Let me say this because I think that there is, anytime you bring more people into any process, the vote spread is gonna be greater. That's just, that's just math. You white folks, women, black folks. Anytime you're gonna have a diversity of a voter spread. Yeah. That's just as more people get involved in the process, there's a larger spread. And so I'm not convinced. I The other thing is, and we don't wanna talk about this 'cause we don't really wanna talk about how capitalism works either. And so in capitalism we have turned American to a big old commercial.


It's a big ass commercial that ultimately everything is about marketing. Everything is about marketing. People are even literally making careers based on just marketing. Yeah. Like, and so at the end of the day, what we're seeing is people, I can talk to somebody for five minutes. And I can tell you if they read or what network they listen to. It's almost, we have dumbed the dumbing down of this nation where people are really not even critical thinkers about things. Yeah. That they're literally attaching to particular kind of positions because it make him seem cool or Yep. I mean, I don don't know if y'all saw the thing I I y'all probably even talked about, but Walker Flocka this brother out here, he endorses somebody. He ain't never even voted. Vote never. You never voted.


And so, but I understand because at the end of the day, who is it? Who is it? Who is it? 2 0 5, 2 32 0 5. Come on. Well, And I was gonna tell y'all we were having such a profound discussion. But I was gonna tell you that we were literally sitting here and while we were sitting here, Virginia. Washington. Oh, she took Virginia and Oregon and she took Yes. Yeah. She took Virginia, Washington, Virginia and Oregon have been called since we've been sitting here. But it was such a profound discussion. I did not interrupt Road. Yeah. So that What does that mean? That's, let's say hi. It's a, is a pathway. Pathway's a pathway. Okay. There's always pick a pathway. It's a pathway. The same. Yeah. It's The same pathway. The same Pathway. Look, Andrew said it's the same.


No, I know. I'm saying you told them. I'm saying I'm agreeing with him, Angela, but so we're still on track. We're still on track. Yeah. Okay. Just Making sure. S like I just, let me look at this map at, at Sure. 25 Need. I'm curious what, when you hear Latasha say why it feels different to her, does does that resonate with you? Is that the same feeling that you have? What resonates with me is come West Coast Gonna Confus because You know I'm about to see walk all over this elector. That's what I think I really do. I'm I still feel like it's I. don And I cannot lose hope because I, you guys don't wanna see me there. I I'm, you don't have to. I am. I am refusing to succumb to that. I am.


Oh, I'm witch you. It's 2 5, 2 30. I I'm not tripping no more. No more Back. No more back. Think you acknowledge. You finally were tripping. Listen, whatever God got planned gonna happen Up. You better say You know don. Don't I ride with, I ride with the vp. Well, let me tell you this. We gonna wait. Latasha, I want the music off. Yes, but Latasha, I want you to Latasha you got you. You are connected to the most high. I want you to close this out with something good. 'cause we know you gotta go find some votes. You're not gonna find a votes Right now. Lemme find No votes. Every black grandma in America got got God phone line backed up. Oh, they better Clear about that. I On the remain line On free side. Before, before you go there, I do have one question.


Right? You look at everything online. You look at banking online, we do everything, everything online. Will it ever get to a point where we can vote online? Right. Because today, when I voted today, right, they didn't even look at my id, I came up my little pamphlet that they mailed to me. They scanned it. And I voted. Right? So it could have been you, it could have been somebody else who knows who Rashaan is. But will it ever get to a point where we're gonna be voting online? It Will, if we make it be so the truth of the matter is, while we voting, like, like standing in line, I can move a million dollars on my cell phone. Why can't vote? There are people actually that are voting online, that are abroad. And so ult, we've gotta recognize that there are barriers, there are intentional barriers. So people don't participate in this process. Right? Well, 'cause the truth of the matter is all of America is not participating in the process.


What I do know for sure is that there are more Americans in my, that I believe that I run into that really believe like we, like we believe like ultimately that is the truth. And so part of what we gotta do is we've gotta organize, we've gotta get people to really be even the media, the way that the media has given him a pass. Yes. Yes. That They have created a false equivalency. Absolutely. Like the way that they've had a double standard for her versus him. Like all of that has fed into that. They are to be held accountable as too. So at the end, we've gotta do the work. If we want the kind of America that we desire or we want the kind of nation, I always ask people wherever I go, I usually ask people to close your eyes. And, and I'll just, and I'll ask them, with your eyes closed, what would this nation look like?


What would America look like without racism? And most of the time, no matter where I go, 99 to a hundred percent, 99% of the people in the room, don don't care. If I'm at a big college, don don't care if I got 10,000. The ordinance don don't care if I got 500. The majority of us have never asked ourselves this question. Lemme tell you, racism ain't my damn inheritance. That is not my, I was not given that. That's not who, that's not what I'm gonna take on. Like, that's what I'm supposed to do for the rest of my life. That Oh. But but we, if we're not asking that question and we're not imagining and thinking about what is going exist beyond that. Right. 'cause there was a sister, we, we getting all, we getting all bent outta shape 'cause of the map and all this other stuff. Right.


There was a sister named Harriet Tubman that came to the south 19 times with a $50,000 bounty on her head. She believed when nobody else around her believed. I one of them, I'm one of them, I'm gonna believe until they called it I'm With Yes. I'm gonna believe it. And, and not just that Until they call it, Even when they call it, we've gotta recognize we've got more work to do. Yeah. That ultimately we've got more work to do. That racism has shown itself. Yes. It is alive and well in this nation. Yeah. Trump is a prime example of why we do need DEI. He's a prime example of why we need affirmative action. He is the evidence Yeah. Of why we need those things. And so instead of backing away from him, we should even push harder on him.


Yeah. So that's what, that's where we are in this moment. And, And right now, do you all, just so that we can capture this moment right now, 49 Senate seats have been called for Republicans. 41 for Democrats. 142 Democratic seats have have been called. And 173 for Republican. Whoever's the quickest to two 18 or whoever gets to two 18 has the majority in the house. And whoever gets to 50, of course in the Senate, depending on who is elected president, of course if there's a, if it's a tie, if it's 50 50, the ti is broken by the the tiebreaking vote. We'll go to the president pro. Tim was the vice president of the United States. OB We love you. I love y'all too. Thank You. The audience love you.


Thank I Love y'all. Y'all keep the faith. Listen them sisters out there, them brothers out there. Come on. Let's take it to the flow. Go to the closet. Go to the closet. Y'all pull this through? I think so. My grandma go to the Oh, the I thought we're gonna get the gun. No, we do not. None of us were Black. We do not condone violence on this show. Show violence. We support self-defense. You said she was scared. I That's self defense. We gonna the prayer closet self. It was the Closet. We gonna the prayer closet, brother. That's It. Are they screaming? What, what, what else we do? I don't know. But we, what we, what we do know is these citizens start nipping Tuck. As my dad would say, there's Something happening. It looks like there's Something happening.


Tasha, I I just, I I you are, you love my Maya Angelou. I mean, you are just one of the most profound people. And I'm so blessed to know you. And I love every time you come on here and other people get to experience you. Yes. Because I she is an experience. Yeah. Like I can't, I try to say what you said, but the way that you say it is just so compelling. And, I love that all these people feel your energy. Like I feel more joyful having heard what you had to say. And. I. Really think it's a divine covering. That's what you on this earth to do. So thank you. Thank you. I appreciate Nowhere yet. Yeah. No, you can't. Don't give it. I can't leave yet. Not yet. Okay. What, what we gotta do, what we gotta Do. Well, I just And And I tribute as well to you and why our community needs more like you.


And they exist in families and college campuses and the neighborhoods everywhere. And certainly in bands, the people who keep the tempo Right, they You know you got the beat going. But, but everybody, regardless of what instrument comes in, what comes out. You're one of the people that keeps us left foot, right foot. Thank you. Left foot right Foot And I. Think we need that so bad. We do. We do. As a community. We do. It doesn't exist in the cult of personality. It's the spirit. No. Spirit enters us at different times and You know. I'm just glad that it stays Resonate. That's why we gotta believe y'all. Yeah. We were built for this. I agree. We do hard things.


Yeah. Hard things. So I You know. And you can't control what other people do. All we gotta do is make ourselves do our part. Be a light and do our part. So You know. We in these streets, We in these streets. We the Streets. Somebody just send me a message. They, Democrats are now favored to flip control of the house. Yeah. I You know what I always thought we were going, the Democrats are gonna get the house. This, they're, it's too many races are not called yet. But I am also gonna shout out my state again because Washington state has a a a a blue governor and Bob Ferguson and Dave Riker left. He's, he, he was saying he was gonna flip in support abortion. He was in Congress as you all know before he did not win. So that's a little victory. And then Minnesota is too close to call, which I really Don't like.


Said that is where two Two walls is from. Yeah. Yeah. It's too close To call now. I'm gonna need him now. Listen, I'm gonna need him to deliver Minnesota. I'm gonna need Him to at Least Deliver Minnesota. I need him to deliver Minnesota Now work. You better come through. I'm come. I need you. Come through And I. Think he's It. Will it will. I never Believed. I Think so too. Okay. I I actually believe that. I believe that I Don. I just feel you don't believe that. No, I never believed in Tim Wall that we gonna win. Oh really? I Oh Really? You know. I didn't, I told you I Don Actually, I like him as a dynamic. Believe In him. The good news is it won't matter. Andrew.


Everybody watching Welcome to you guys. Andrew so fiery though. Andrew is an asshole and everybody all the time. He's So brother. I love I'm Love, love it too. But he'll, I I wanna hear this. I wanna hear this. Why? What, what's, what's this thing about? What, what? Why He preferred Josh Shapiro. What? The Wall? Yeah. I really, nah, I feel like he had a lot of energy when he started, but it just, it just wasn't sustainable. I never really bought into the whole weird phrasing. Like I thought That was Oh, I like that.


But I knew it was gonna turn people off. 'cause you can't label people weird. Like that's Well, they shouldn't be weird. They, I mean these people are weird. They are weird. But it did stick stick. It didn't stick. It didn't Stick. But here's the thing. Stick it would've stuck. Would've let, right, it would've stuck if they would've stuck his ass back on cable news where we saw him. They should have kept him there. Right In that box. And, and there there's a thing about And I. Just think there's a thing about watching old white men. I think, I Actually think he was good In interviewing. Donald Trump was an old, I thought he was, He got, he got bodied by JD Vance in the debate, which I think he was, he was nervous. don don't think he got Bo I. don he got was the debate. But I wouldn't say he got by. He started out by nervous. The reason and the reason he got Bo slow, the reason he got Bo is because Ga literally was out there every Sunday morning on those cable choke.


He was practicing taking those hard s getting beat up. But they put him, they've tried to lock him Up. I asked. I thought he was a good candidate. I really did. I, I'm, it's not over yet. But I do think he gotta Hold Minnesota Now look better. Damn Show Minnesota. Sorry church folk. But I'm nervous about this. Him, he wasn't for me. He wasn't for us. He was for those white folks. I like him and his by into it Cliff dynamic. I just, I I You know. I dunno What to say. It was, it was for white comfort. Yes. But they, He Was No, no, no, no, no, no. He was A, he literally he did some, Lemme tell you, it's not about A solid going on. They could look up however and see a white man. Can I just call a time out regardless of what the issue we have Lauren, who is I think at the other camera on the riser.


Are we calling her up now? Y'all told me. Five minutes. Okay. It looks, she looks down. So I think that's okay. You know what, there's only five minutes left in the sho Are we calling Lauren in or we're not? Yes, we are calling her in. You know. She's Been holding up that sign. Lauren five minutes. And Lolo's name is Lauren. So I'm trying to figure out why she Telling, she was like she coming on the shower. Come on. We need to know what's happening so somebody can tell us. I can Tell you what's happening. That crowd clearing up that crowd trying to beat traffic. They're not clearance out, not wheel. Ain't all them people over behind That in my hairline. Aint no hairline.


I know I need direction. Tell us what we're doing. We are. We'll go to Lauren. You said And I Phone her. I still believe we're gonna go to Lauren. I still believe Minutes. I still we're off five. I believe. I Believe I still we're off in five minutes. I Know she was talking now when she was Like, Lauren, five minutes. I'm like, yes Lauren, I see You now. Listen. But it says 1155 I Yeah. Call five Element. We also, what would make you be like all now we gotta start dealing with reality. What would Make No, no, no. Not Reality. We dealing a reality now. No. Yeah. No, no, no. We deal with reality now. But Pennsylvania was shaping Pennsylvania. What you said about Pennsylvania. PenFed. Okay. Okay. It was shaping. Huh? Pennsylvania. We gotta win it. There's no doubt about it. We can't win this without Michigan and Pennsylvania.


Pennsylvania has to be in the She'll get Michigan. Yeah. Has to be in the column. We, we walk away with those three. I'm I'm good tonight. I agree. Was Shapiro on the ticket that delivered or Pennsylvania? I don't know about that because he comes with other cons. A consequences Wait minute if he don't deliver it and he wasn't on the ticket. That says something about him too. Yeah. He's the governor. So let me be real clear. He better come through too. I think that's fair. Everybody better come through. Think That's fair. So you Expect all S to deliver. I do. Everybody Dr. Everybody's. Yes. I love that tip. Absolute. Absolutely. And the blue wall, everybody Better Come. Absolutely. If you are the governor of that state, deliver it. Yeah, absolutely. But I think a really good point Too. Don't matter.


We are not walking in the ballot box and saying, well that vice president, I don't agree with that really Is the only time I've ever seen it. Mayor was Sarah. Sarah Palin. No, it mattered for me with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Definitely. I voted for Agree. You would've voted for Harris Trump. I wouldn't have voted for Trump. I'm you would Not have. Right. But it still matters. It Would not, you would not have changed your vote. Okay. Based off who the vice president is. And my point is, is no one does. No one does. And. I just say I wanna correct something. There is some disinformation floating in our chat can wait to see it. People are suggesting that DJ Envy is high af because he is bopping his head to music that isn't playing. He, I want y'all to know. Y'all cannot. Are you standing up? That's what they said. He I back To the bathroom.


I was That's Why he supposed, But they can't hear Be resident And he's a dj. DJ thought be a pj. Things can be true though. L he might, mayor re comes out real quick before we leave. He come here can have, But then at least that way we have another headset. Right. I was how you doing? Especially with the On Sit down. Come sit down. But this is mayor. Alright, love y'all. You But don't go far Because I Okay. But we keep, we may Be prayer. I was told, I was just told the vice president is about to come out. Very good. We we'll go before that happens. We're gonna invite Mayor on the president of the African American Mayor's Association just here really quick to say hi to us before we go to Lauren.


Lauren Rosa. Hopefully get to I'm not any direction. I don't think we gonna get to Lauren. Yeah, we ain't Sorry Lauren. We're just saying hi. I said Lauren. Nicole over there. Yeah. Well I think she wanted to too. What's up Man? Reed, she party, she dancing. She hold your, pull your bike up. Always Good to be with y'all. It's good to have you brother. Good Mayor Reid, how you feeling? Hey, I Feel good. I feel good. I expected a long night. That's what we got Right now. Why about Alabama didn't come through for just told us. It was on all of us. What happened to Alabama? Wait a minute. Alabama was done before we got up this morning. I do. That's Been that way for about the last entry. I love question, But honestly, what would it take? Because everybody always says, I say this all the time, everybody always says the south is red.


And, I always counter. The south is red until it ain't. And we have seen Georgia turn into a purple state. What would it take in Alabama? You have to have more people move into the state. I like that both black, white and brown come into the state to kind of change the narrative. A Reverse migration. Pioneering again. Yeah. You you have to have that. That comes from job growth. That comes from people relocating. That helps. Yeah. Yeah. You had it. Now you can't have Florida You know. I mean, Florida has gone now red in, in a way we wouldn't have expected in a different kind of way. So you don't want that. And now we look at Ohio places that, Well it's the Captive white supremacy. Increasingly so. Our migration has been of folks leaving Ohio who may have been law enforcement officers to go back to one of y'all shows that y'all did with Byron, where he said, we see all the law enforcement coming to Florida because they see an embracing no, they saw immunity from prosecution for anything that they do in the pursuit of their job.


And now they're protected. So really quick, we're, our show is actually technically off air, going off air, but we started a few minutes late and we have Breakfast club host Lauren LaRosa who is ready to go live from the riser. So we're going to her now. All right. All right. We're cutting the Lauren now. Can't hear. Can we hear her? We should be able to hear her. Lauren. Lauren, where you at? Lauren, can you hear us? Lauren? You there? I can hear them. Hey, I can hear you Lauren. Okay. Is it feeling over there? Lauren? Wait, can you guys hear me now? Yeah, we can hear you. Hey, how's it feeling over there? Let Me tell you. Okay, so first of all, I heard Charlemagne say that the crowd was clearing out that it's not true.


Exactly. They're excited. They're literally stuck like blue the way that we were up there, where we were like kind of sitting on the edge of our seats, like, oh my God, what's about to happen? What's about to happen? That's what's happening down here. When you hear them yell, it's any wind in blue, especially Kamala. Of course when they get quiet, it's not good news. But no one's going anywhere. I think one thing that is worth pointing out too is even when they bring CNN on the screen, everyone's watching the smaller lower screens and any small wins. Like when she won Washington, that wasn't on the big screen, it was on the lower third and people started yelling. I'm like, why is everybody so excited? Ah, on lower third, that makes like, they're literally glued to their, I would say their seats, but they're standing up. And, I, And, I. Think that Kamala may be like, I'm starting to see people near her stage.


I don't see Oh Yeah, about She's coming up soon. That's Right. She's coming up soon. Yeah. So it's, it's really close down here, y'all. It's the same way that we were up there, but it's like a group think down here. Yeah. We love it. Well, thank you Lauren for being there for us. And y'all, thank you. Down here. I think You know that we are officially done with our coverage. Well Sure man. Walked off set. Oh yeah, that's true. Maybe we should wait. Well Take Thank you guys so much. We'll be, we gotta do The Breakfast Club in the morning. So we gotta, we leaving here, taking a nap and then we're going straight to the station to, to finish this off. So, man, y'all going me, I appreciate it so much. So we, we gonna do it from DC Oh good. Okay. So thank you guys for having me so much. We've been up since 4:00 AM Thanks for the invite.


Really appreciate it. Angela called me Great. Having you guys. I wasn't gonna come out. I was like, I'll broadcast the city. And she said, yo, you better bring your As down there. Down. Get down. Yeah. She like, what, what you need? Get down. Help me tell the truth. The truth is, he actually talked to their team last week and said that this is something that they absolutely shouldn't, shouldn't miss. So thank you so much for the way that you guys have engaged in political discourse, opening up this space for so many folks who look like us responsibly, black and brown folks. And it's, it's just a joy. So thank y'all for being Fan. Thank, thank you so much. Had such a amazing, this was like a a a homecoming. A big, yeah. So it was great to see everyth to come. Music was great and just talking politics was, was wonderful. Like I said, we've been up since four o'clock, so I am tired. Get your breath. Tell. We right behind you. There's no drinks here, so we just had some water, so I'm about to go to sleep.


Take a nap. But thank you guys for having me. Hey, Some Rest. Oh wait, here's Ard Leard, you we're Wrapping up Buddy Party, everybody you left when we were party. Really profound Thing. I'm partying. Words of God is the best author and finisher. All right, all Right, all Right. So you niggas don't lose hope. Lose hope. Oh, Hope alive that Day. Alright, keep hope alive. Okay. That's the new river Jackson. Keep hope alive. S oh Mayor, say goodbye to the people before we, we sign off. Hey, encouragement. Listen, I'll just say this, thanks for all the work y'all have been doing this entire season. Appreciate what you guys do in The. Breakfast, Club. Big fan. And for everybody, it's gonna be a long night. It's gonna be the next couple days.


Days. It's not over. That's my closing, Omar. Mayor. It is not over. It's not over. And Mr. Mayor, You, you did not say Native Lamb Pod. You said The. Breakfast. Club. You just said The. Breakfast Club. It's Breakfast Club and Native Lamb. Pos. I said no thank you. No he didn't. I Said y'alls name. We'll run the tape back and verify. Oh, y want the tape back on me? Yeah. Okay. But not tonight. Alright. Not tonight. We're getting ready to receive, I think sign Off yet. Possibly our president. I'm gonna stay here. All KH Well, There are zero days until election Day. We here. We're here. We actually technically today after election day, right on the East Coast, but on the West Coast, some states are still being called. We're mostly waiting on Nevada. So y'all stay tuned and stay tuned.


Welcome, welcome. Welcome to back soon. Welcome home. You welcome home Y Thanks for Rolling. Shout out to the break. Shout out to our whole production team. Shout out our partner this season. Lauren, we got it. Oh, this season. Yay. Shout out Theia one time. Amanda and Carter. Billing Everything. Be safe, everybody. Yes. Good night. Thank you guys so much. Lolo, all the girls from PDP. God bless. Yes, God bless you. New family. Thank you. We out.