
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life


In this election. We each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris for president,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


My five casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com, High five casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo pro Levo.


But alright, y'all all across the USC Compton Watts Bay to La Poona, California from valley to valley, we represent that Kelly County so If, you keeping it real on your side of your town, you tune into Gangster Chronicles. Gangster Chronicles. We gonna tell you if I lie, my nose will grow like Pinocchio. We gonna tell you the truth and nothing but the truth. Gangster chronic goals, this is not your average show. You are now tuned into the real MCA big stars from the streets. Hello Welcome to The Gangster Chronicles podcast, the production of iHeartRadio and Black Effect Podcast Network. Make sure you download the iHeart app and subscribe to The Gangster Chronicles for my Apple users. Hit the purple mic on your front screen. Subscribe to The Gangster Chronicles. Leave a five star rating and comment.


I'd like to welcome you to another episode of the Gangsta Chronicles podcast. It's your boy Big Steel along with Jill and today. Man, we got one of really man, one of my favorites in here man. The homie Roc Marciano. What's cracking man? Appreciate it man. I'm chilling Man. What's happening man? Good. I I just heard you say you just moved out to the coast. I been Living out here Man. Is that right? About seven years now. Oh Yeah, That's a, that's a And. I lived out here before. This is my second run living out here. I was living out here probably from like 2011 to like 20 15, 20 16 and then I came back You know what I'm saying? I went back home for a little bit and then came back out here. Mm. Yeah.


Now let me ask this man. Is it different living on the coast? Hell yeah, it's the, the the the weather. I never do another winter again. That's what it is man. I like, I can't go back to the snow, the Weather like paradise out here man. Yeah, that, that weather back east gets gets very brutal. Tricky, brutal and brutal and you can, it's unpredictable man. Shit you be looking for them sunny days and shit like here in Cali You know like nigga it's finna be sunny for the next month. Exactly nigga on the East coast nigga you get the motherfucking thunderstorm come through. Tornado come coming up the coast. Yeah, all kind of shit man.


The weather is very unpredictable. Yeah, Yeah, it's really unpredictable man. So you got your start off, correct me if I'm wrong. You got your start off from the game with Bus and them right? Yeah I did but Flip Mo how you run across them cats? You know I'm from Long Island so me and Buster's younger brother went to school together so You know he knew I was nice so You know he told his older brother, he was like yo, I got this nigga in my school, this nigga's nice, da da da You know boom. And he just end up making a connection and It just happened like that because Buster man, Buster had a whole Buster got a whole bunch of hits in his catalog, don't it? Oh definitely. Damn Sure do. Now let me ask you this man, because when you with a dude like Buster, I know a lot of people say that you should never sign with another artist.


Yeah. Buster has never really, he never really had a artist that took off from his camp. Like You know he had Spliff, he had some dudes to put some records out but he had a whole bunch of heat over there. Yeah. What you think went wrong with him? Man, I mean I can't say something You know this ain't the blame Did take off 'cause You know you got Rod Digger. She she, yeah Rod Digger did her thing. Movies, She wiggled a little bit. You know I'm saying That Rod Digger definitely, she definitely wiggled. Yeah. Yes she, yeah she wiggled You know but then later on he ended up with signing ot, Genesis T Genesis Had records that You know you got a few cats that popped. But as far as everybody else, like when I was there with Flip mo Buster was at the height of his career.


So it's hard for a artist to like walk you through the business when they're at the height and they got so much momentum. Right. You gotta wake up in the morning and handle the Buster Rhymes business. That's a big enough business. And I was just with 'em just soaking up game. I wasn't even really expecting like to become a big artist under him. I just knew this was like a like an internship. That's how I looked at it You know what I'm saying? I looked at it like an internship. You gotta a plus. You Gotta be careful when you signing the other artist. Yeah You know not that it's, they're not looking out for your interest but it's hard to control that situation when you are still like I'm coming off the bench, this nigga's still in the game playing.


You get me and I'm expecting to build up my playing time You know my my my minutes. That's right. But it's hard to build up my minutes when the start of the team is still the start the team ball. Yeah you shoot the ball shots. My niggas like they might put me on the floor every night, every other night. Yep. But my niggas still taking all the major shots. So And, I gotta say at that time If you could have a basketball analogy, he Buster was definitely Kobe or LeBron at that time. You know what I'm saying? 'cause he coming with some hip And like I said you the you the draft pick that's so you coming off the bench, you get me and the the the record label You know is the coach and they like we might give you five minutes tonight or we might let you open up tonight or you but You know the Star is still You know while you still waiting to take your publicity pictures and go on that little run.


You know in the G League bus nigga Bust Is competitive nigga he's still playing. He's Competitive. So it's like even the artist under him when you get on the track with Busa, he's still trying to bust your ass and he don't care if 'cause you his artist Busa getting on the song he want out Shine your ass. So, but one thing I gotta say about Buster though, if You know anybody that's under him, he believe in him and he will scream your name from the mountaintop like with his with his platform and who he is and Buster love you and he behind you, he will scream your name from the mountaintop Man. He's definitely one of my favorite dudes. You know how he always say don't meet your heroes. Yeah he's definitely one of the dudes that I met out in the road with my homie High Sea shout to Crawford just cool as hell.


And. I noticed that You know how you go on on tour and you see each other like at dates. He might not be at the next one but excuse me the next one he would always What's up brother? Yes. You know what I mean? He always just like recognizes a good cat. Man. One of the things I was going to tell you, You know they got a sound now that's called the Grisel the sound and it's not the start no controversy. I love Griselda. Yeah but I think you was kind of like the first one to kind of come with that when everybody was doing the New York drill stuff. Yeah You kind of was one of the ones that kept it like true to what New York does. Yeah. Yeah. That's the truth. I mean it is what it is. They You know. They know 'cause they came to me to get the sauce early You know what I'm saying?


Like they first video that popped off they got like the first million was a feature with me You. know what I'm saying? So You know at the time You know they was coming up You. know what I'm saying? I'm the type of brother I feel like If you nice, I'll fuck with you. I exactly You know I don't feel like competition doesn't intimidate me. I'm, I know who I am. So You know And I know what I bring to the table. So as far as like You know when I was first starting the whole grind, I didn't think it was going to pop You. know what I'm saying? Like I didn't see like later on that this would, I would still be doing this when I, when I put out my shit it was like a last ditch effort 'cause the game was so far away from what I do right at the time.


So it was just like I'm gonna just get my shit off real quick and I'm gonna do it my way. 'cause I felt like even when I was with Busta, I felt like I tried the industry way already. So I was like You know what I'm gonna do it like niggas from Hempstead do it. I'm gonna bring my shit to the table You. know what I'm saying? I ain't going to, I don't want beats from this nigga with, I want beats from myself. I'm gonna do, I know how niggas from my hood sound. And I want to bring that shit to the table. So that's You know what I'm saying? And it worked for you. Yeah it worked for me. Au You know authenticity. That's what I tell artists. Being authentic to who you are. Yeah because this man already right here, this man already legendary. It's not gonna work you trying to do him 'cause his fans already messed with him. It's not gonna work with you trying to be who Snoopy is.


That's right. You gotta do what you is doing. And what I equate your situation too, it's like, 'cause I talked to a lot of the homies in New York right? And they really love West Coast rap but they don't want to hear a derivative of it. They really want to hear the bump up You know and the funk they want to hear. You feel what I'm saying? Yeah. I think that's what you did for New York. Yeah. I mean even with that like You know what I'm saying? Like I have my debates with some of my West Coast brothers like when we talk about that but boom, to me that's where I'm from. That's EPMD. Exactly. Yeah for real. You know that's D. Yeah PD for Sure. So I feel like we had a good like Long Island niggas, I felt like we had a good hand also in the gangster rap You.


know what I'm saying? Oh definitely. We talked about that on the show. I don't know If you saw that one but we talked about it on the show. EPMD Definitely. Yeah it was my motherfucker Heroes specifically Long Island. That's what I'm saying. You know specifically Long Island. 'cause I know You know Public Enemy, all that shit from my town. Right. You know what I'm saying? So when Cube left NWA he recorded in five 10 studios, which is in Hempstead. Right. That's where the bomb squad and all them niggas. So that's where I did my first demo at. So I felt like You know what I'm saying? Like we had, we always had a sound where I'm from so it is, that's why I was trying to You definitely had a hand. Yeah, You win with that though when you stick to your elements and don't worry about what other niggas is doing.


You know, especially when you come into the industry, shit, you feel you gotta bend a little bit just to get in that door and sometimes that shit don't work and you just gotta You know. That's why I've never worried about the position my shit played. Yeah because of course you could have jumped on another lane and tried to go You know where other niggas was going. If you looked at it as I just gotta get paid man and make some money. But I always felt like originality was my key. Mm. So regardless of if niggas was doing this type of shit or everybody was trying to, man I'm gonna just do shit that I know niggas in my hood or in the hood surrounding You know 'cause Compton was a big hood, you feel me?


So let me just stick to what I know niggas around the corner like and niggas down the street like and maybe even the enemy like you get me And that always go work. 'cause that's what, that's what he did. That's what you did. That's right. You see what I'm gonna go back here. And, I notice that people always wind up. I think everybody 'cause I'm a good, I managed rapper named Glass and Malone too. And that's what he always talk about when he recorded his first album. He said, I didn't know what I was doing. I didn't know music. I just knew to go to Tune and this person, that person. But I always felt like it wasn't authentic to who I was. It was working and it was wiggling but it wasn't who I was. Yeah.


I mean that's important man. I mean when you not when it's not coming from You know your Heart. I think people could see it. It's like when it's like even when you doing a show, people could see when you not enjoying yourself You know what I'm saying? Or you not confident. I feel like it radiates off of you You know what I'm saying? So when you just stick to your guns, I think that that that just works just for those reasons right there. These people could see the authenticity You know what I'm saying? They could see that it's honest. Yep. And right now man what you 10 plus years in, ain't you? 10 plus years. I'm like 20 in this Month man. Yeah. Play 20 plus Like 20. I like 20 in this. Yeah. Yeah. Time go fast man. Like in this time go fast as a motherfucker Dog.


Yeah. I'm like 20 in this. Yep. And you said and you done never saw it first saw it going this long. I didn't man, I dead ass. I, when I, when I made my first solo album, And I put it out, You know for a second it was like quiet wasn't nothing happening. And next thing You know, it started to pick up like a year later and people was like, oh okay cool. They might be fucking with this. So it was a slow burn. You know even up to now, like people still discovering me You know what I'm saying? Right. And You know it's, I'm in it for the long haul. It's a passion. I think there's some, I think sometimes that that's, that's a good aspect though. You know sometimes niggas come in and, and I always use the analogy of You know sometimes it takes some of us a different road.


Yeah. To get to that You know wherever we feel is is acceptable to us. You get me some niggas put out a record and tomorrow nigga shoot to the moon. Yeah. But then two years later niggas is like, what happened to that nigga? You see a Lot of people like that that had big records, big massive records. It's even I feel I'm in that, in that motherfucking class of, 'cause you, it is some niggas today you can go You know MCA and they'll be like, nah, who was that? You feel me? And then you, you show 'em some shit and they'd be like, oh that's that nigga. Yep. It's the it's the slow climb. Yeah. You get me. But it's what enables you to have that longevity.


That's right. You me for real. Because motherfuckers is still, like you said, it's motherfuckers still checking for my nigga. Yeah. You get me right. And and they like, oh god damn I never heard of this motherfucker. This shit hard as a motherfucker. And When you first came in, you came in with the physical era. I always like to ask an artist, man, how do you feel about the whole streaming thing? I'm kind of on the fence about it. 'cause I just feel like they not paying us fairly. I don't feel like the splits, they didn't figure that out. You know. But if, if you're making quality music and people You know are fucking with it, you gotta look at it.


I look at it like real estate You. know what I'm saying? Every project is like a, a, a piece of real estate. All right, cool. This album might not be one of the better ones, but You know this makes me this much a month. This one is, this one was a a killer. This one makes this much a month You. know what I'm saying? So I just look at 'em like real estate. So You know with the streaming it's cool. But that's why I started to, like when I first started to come back after my, like my second win, I started putting my shit up Digital downloads. I was doing like 44 digital downloads. So I kind of got that block Hot You, know what I'm saying?


And You know my fans was fucking with it. 'cause I just looked at it like You know what the money in, in streaming wasn't sustainable yet. 'cause I didn't build up a big enough catalog for it to, to make me any money. So I was like You know what? I'm gonna put it up for like 40 a digital download and my fans ate it up You know what I'm saying? Because I felt like you can't tell me that my album is not worth a bag of weed. Right. Exactly. Or punk ass dollars. You spend a hundred dollars on your sneakers. $200 on your sneakers. I think that's the new model I'm going with you forever. Oh definitely. That that's the model right there. It's Definitely the new model. You know you got It. Like You know you up as a digital download. 40, $50. I I told him You know for example, like You know shout out toy, they hooked You know Ate up with the box.


Right. I said man we need to do a program with them man. And where we put a CD up in that that same box. Yeah. And have You know you go do in stores You know it's better You know If you sell 2000 of those at 200, $300 a pop. Exactly. Than you putting your album on half of on streaming platforms. But I know me as a core fan, if I see my favorite gangster rappers, the MCs for The World, the Scarface, the Q And I Smoke Weed too. Oh yeah. That's the perfect combination. That's right. Yeah. Gimme fuck it. I'm, I was going to get the nigga I was gonna get the CD or download the shit or whatever and I'm finna go get me some weed so I'm gonna send No they could Smoke that shit in the head and they can listen.


I was gonna spin that You know I I something else too. I'm gonna say we, we gotta do with that. You need Us pass us Man need pass something else we can do with that and really have it like set off. That'd be hard man. 'cause I know this man that you go the non-traditional route and that's just more lucrative. 'cause I'm starting to discover it's a community of people man that's really out here making they ends, they making they bag and they doing it they way they don't have to compromise they stuff.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above. You deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs to relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black Jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


I Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


How is they treat you? You do a lot of stuff over in Europe? Yeah, I'm getting ready to go back at next month. I'm going back over there. What's your favorite spot over there So far? Damn it's been between Portugal and and Spain. Okay Far. Spain is off the hook. I always like London man for some reason man, like Oh yeah. I can't forget London. I don't been out to London Lot times I forget that London Got a certain culture too because You know they got, I just left From over There too. Yeah they got the East Indian. Now tell people don't go over there asking the fool. They with it over in London. Oh yeah. Nah, hell no. You can't play with them. You know London don't play no games. Yeah, you Can't play with a lot of them spots man. Germany.


London like there's a lot of cats man. Especially over You know I I just left from over in Europe. I probably went to what about seven different countries while I was over there. Yeah. Hardcore fans. You they appreciate I know You know I'm saying what a nigga do. That's the thing man. Over here in the States, I feel like it'd be a cat that's come to a Roc Marciano show. Right. He looking next you he's a fan of you but he rap himself. Right. So he he stand in the crowd like this. Yeah Because he almost feel like I'm equal to you. I can't like you 'cause I do the same thing. Yeah. But over in Europe they treat you like you Michael Jackson.


Yeah, That's a fact. I mean, yeah I Don't know if I want they they, I don't know If you wanna use the term they appreciate it more. It is just a difference. You get me You know it depends on who the fan is. You know here. Hmm. You know niggas feel here. You know you got a certain image to Uphold You know. Right. As far as a nigga off the block, Motherfuckers just too cool out here man. Exactly nigga. I'm not one of no mother fucking show like screaming and rapping the niggas raps and shit. Nigga I can go over there Like me, I'm the nigga if I'm at Rock Him show I'm rapping all his words. I'm up front rapping with him.


Nigga Let Jam. I ain't gonna front my shows be like that. Niggas looking at you like a look at this big old weirdo up here just rapping. I don't care. You on stage just rapping. Go. 'cause the thing is If, you go to enjoy a show, you pay your tickets. You know tickets be $200. Sometimes you pay your $200 for your ticket. Music is timeless and it's a time capsule. It'll take you back to when you a little kid like me, I'm a big daddy cane. Rakim me too. That's my era right there. So whenever I hear that, whenever I play that I'm at home making a sandwich. I might be making a sandwich, man might be taking out the trash. But I'm vibing 'cause I'm 15 again. Yeah I'm 14 again. Yeah. So I enjoy this stuff 'cause music is real infectious and spiritual bro.


Oh definitely. I, that's how I look at it. That's how I look at it. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't play with it. I Don't play with it. You can't Now I I tell people man, like you said, the fans know when shit is not authentic. Right. And they know if if it's somebody, if I'm rapping along, I don't give a damn about looking like a weirdo. I'm up there jamming. I'm here providing I paid my money to come up here. I'm enjoying myself. Most people is too cool. I'm telling you they stand up there like this. Yeah. Well that's the atmosphere because You know that might be a nigga who feel like, like you said, niggas be feeling like You know my, my affiliation or my street presence doesn't allow me Yeah.


To enjoy some shit like that You know what I'm saying? 'cause you'll know niggas just hanging the wall or like you said arms crossed not wanting to even then why you pay your money to come here man? Just to stand around and look mean and mad and mean mug and Mad You. know what I'm saying? So yeah fuck. I get it. All it man. It's just the presence. Like you said when I go overseas man, they like man we don't get this shit over here. And then you, y'all from the states, you get me You know and then they look at it as y'all coming from the place where You know hip hop is original and nigga you y'all got, y'all got the motherfucking Tupacs in the biggies and y'all got all these motherfucking You know people that they just celebrate it more.


Man you get Me that that might, that might be it right there though too man. I think when you don't see something as often it's more endearing to you. Yeah. Like You know because you figure you a Hempstead that's like a hip hop hot bags. You feel what I'm saying? You got legendary stuff out there. So I'm pretty sure when you was coming up you saw EPMD, you might see EPMD Bell, you might see, see Eric sermon dipping down the street. Absolutely. And because back then it wasn't a whole lot of money in hip hop. I I I always laugh when I hear the one you guys to chill. When my boy do I get a thousand a show and he said that with confidence like I get a thousand a show. Yeah. This many places You know deal with Duke Jackson the one-on-one basis for real. And even when Biggie he said five G's a show gate.


You think Biggie was a huge as Ars man? Yeah. He only getting 5,000 a show. Mm. You feel what I'm saying? That was some big money back then too. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. So Mind you a a fire car back then was a $40,000 car. Exactly. So them cats, you saw them cats, they was accessible 'cause they wasn't making the millions of dollars yet to just be gone. They were still accessible. And I. Think when you see people that kind of take away like don't nobody really wanna know. Fuck with Clark Kent. They wanna see Superman. That's Right. Right. You feel what I'm saying? Because if a nigga see you in the grocery store, you kind of don't lost your superpowers now like oh man this nigga just like me. He's sitting on there talking about all the bras he ba and all the money he got and he shot in the same place. To some people that's disheartening on the subliminal level.


I mean I used to see You know, I used to see these dude You know moving around. I see Rakim spinning through in the bands. Used to see Biz Markey all the time. Used to be in the hood at the Blimpes at a sandwich spot and Granddaddy iu he from my neighborhood too. So Granddaddy iu him and you. So yeah, so I used to see him over there all the time so I could actually see these brothers. And it made me like damn this is, I could do this shit 'cause I see these people You know. So You know. I would always see Biz He be at at the Blimpie spot. Bad bitches, big truck jewelry on and shit like that shit was like wow man, I I, I could, I could be that. Who Would you say the most, who would you say influenced your style?


Marcus. You got a lot of MCs coming outta Hempstead man. Rakim. Rakim. Rakim. Yeah. I'm a Rakim baby. Yeah. You know I'm a Rakim baby first and foremost. But You know after that You know you got the G Raps, you got the slick You know I told 8, 8 8 sent my style that's in the pot like You. know what I'm saying? Like even like I look at You know Stance Most wanted kind of like the path I took. 'cause then when you had, everybody was running around. Oh it was NWA sis Cubans. I was like yo, this Compton most wanted shit though. This is this my shit. Right. You know I love the other shit but I'm like this my style.


Well You know why I fuck with them 'cause I always was a huge hip hop head. I love hip hop. I like sampling. I like breaks. You know. That's why I love it now because they got the shit like track lid to where you can go get the samples and they got the stems and all that in there. So you just like, man I gotta do man I ain't gotta try to filter this out no more. I'm taking these horns from here and I'm putting this right here. This bra singing And I can get a reef of Frameless vocals and have her back there. Right. And I only gotta pay $200. They putting everything out there right now. I love that era of hip hop. They creating something from nothing. Oh Definitely imagine we had that then. And that's what I'm saying. And that's Compton's wanted because when I first heard Comp Most Wanted, I heard a dude from Compton but it wasn't the regular stuff.


It wasn't I 'cause I liked the Bamber Bambu too but I didn't want to hear that all the time. I didn't like that. It is not that I didn't like it. It is, I thought it was typical. You get me because that's what made the the Easys and the Nwas and it basically is what cultured our style. The the, the Zap, the Rogers, the George Clintons that was used a lot on the West Coast. And. I always tell niggas I wanted to be more cinematic with my shit.


I didn't want niggas like If you was finna ride around in my shit nigga you was finna do somebody like, I ain't want you riding around in my shit happy and like yeah Diggie we yeah no He was definitely the Stephen King of this Motherfucker. Shit. I wanted you to ride around in my shit. Like the mobsters getting ready to go pull a hit on a nigga. Yeah. Or nigga you in a motherfucking scene in a movie and it's finna get fucking serious and crazy. That's what I always wanted. My, my shit was always cinematic because where the era I grew up in nigga the shit was crazy as a motherfucker. And I always used to tell niggas ain't nothing fun over here.


I don't see hot niggas riding around thinking life is fun and You know partying and shit. Like nigga fuck that shit. That shit ain't happening. Oh. In real life niggas getting shot up every day. Niggas going to jail, niggas on the corners trying to motherfuck and survive. That was the crack every time Nigga we piecing up on boxes of chicken and 40 ounces and shit. Right. You know in the neighborhood, You know the the thousand niggas man trying to piece up on the 12 piece and get a couple of forties and shit. That was real life that was real. Niggas was coming through with the lights off and dumping and shit like that. So I, I couldn't write songs about like, You know this bitches going down the street and we going to the party and shit.


Like nigga, I'm like nigga niggas is finna shoot this motherfucking party up in my record. That's what's finna happen. Or, or or or nigga the battle rap finna come through the front door. Yeah. Why niggas all in here dancing and partying this shit by this daisy shit. Yeah. Nigga niggas finna get shot up around this motherfucker. Yeah. You, you coming from Hempstead of New York, y'all had some serious kingpins. Y'all had King like LA had kingpins, New York had king pins motherfucker y'all had ballers. So you saw that whole crack gener that whole crack thing. What I'm from a Notorious block. My whole block is a project. My whole, every, the whole strip is project.


So my, my my Block, they done did documentaries about it. It's fucking the raid, the raids from Remember Public Enemy Shit I forgot that song they did about crack and they showing some of the raids from, from from my actual block. So You know I'm from Terra sve. Okay. So Terra Sve You know it's like a notorious, like it's still, it's still littered with drugs to this day You know what I'm saying? Terra Sve is still a notorious block. So like eight was saying I wanted my music to feel like how, how we feel. I always wanted my music to be the background of how when we was out there hustling, I wanted my album.


That's the vibe I get from it. Yeah. Yeah. That's so that was how I wanted my shit to sound. Like the pissy hallways. You know I always wake up You know Fis had they couches in the hallway, sleeping You. know what I mean? That type of shit. You know. So I always wanted that. And even when you said cinematic, that's, I still say that to this day when people be like how you pick your beats? I pick my beats. And I think I think of it like a movie And. I feel like when my beat play I want it to feel like this. The part of the movie where I walk in is how I want it to sound. So yeah. So the music and all of that, the drug era and all of that, that's what the whole, that's where it come from. 'cause I always wanted my shit to be the soundtrack to what we did in on the block.


Yeah man. 'cause I know Ko g rap. I'm gonna tell you though, who was nice from over there. Man don't nobody, granddaddy IU was a bad motherfucker though. That's the big homie. That's, He was on our label. He was on label with me. Yeah. Back in the days when I was signed to Epic back in the days granddaddy IU was over there. Rest in Peace to granddaddy IU You know that. That's the big, that's the big bro man. He took me under the wing early when I was trying to get on and he put me on some records and stuff like that. Yeah. I think that's necessary man. I think everybody should go back and do that. Like once they, because that mean a lot man. Yeah, yeah. That mean a lot. And I'm pretty sure you picked up some Jews from him. Yeah man. I mean just to have you welcome me into his home.


Like You know I understand Big Daddy IU is a a cold chilling artist. You know that like to be able to like You know, be able to make music with him and get game from him firsthand, all of that stuff like that gave me all the confidence in The World when somebody like you say Yo Rock, you nice You. know what I'm saying? You gonna be something that stuff like that, it just, it fed my confidence. That make a big ass difference Prodigy from my town too. Even though he rep Queensbridge You. know what I'm saying? But he also rep him Stead as well. Yeah. Project Up. Yeah, he, he grew up around You know around the town twice Him. Yeah, that's what I heard. You know what because I read his book and stuff. I'm a dude avid book reader. Right.


So I read his book especially anything about hip hop, I just make it my business to know about the culture. Right. Yeah. So you in New York City, how the hell did you get hooked up with Carson Dailey? Oh that's crazy. When Loud Records was still popping. Like I was getting ready to do a deal with Loud Records. I had a crew call the un So you had Scott Free and Maddie C they was like two of the biggest a andrs under there. So they bought Wu-Tang and You know Pa and all these guys over there You know what I'm saying? So they were bringing us over to Loud at the time and loud folded while we was doing our deal.


So Steve Rifkin, who was the owner allowed, he had a younger brother You know John Rifkin and he, he was clicked up with Carson Dailey. So they decided they was gonna do a little label You. know what I'm saying? So we was dudes the free and, and Maddie C was working with, so he just brought us over to them like, yo da da da yo these guys, it's nice yo get 'em You. know what I'm saying? Get him a shot. So that's how that happened. And that's crazy man. 'cause Carson Dly was you as a motherfucker at that time. That was, that was MTV Carson too. It was crazy as 'cause is he a hip hop dude? Real dude? Yeah, he's a hip hop dude You know what I'm saying? And at that time I was still knee deep in the streets, so You know he would hit me up out the blue Yo Rock, whatever, da da da You.


know what I'm saying? Like, yo, go down to Western Union, go snatch up a couple thousand. I was like, oh this dude is Yeah, he's official like You. know what I'm saying? So shout out to I I don't forget shit like that You, know what I'm saying? Right. Shout out to Carson Deli man. Yeah, a good dude Man. It's enough horror stories man. We definitely gotta salute all the good cats. So do you think the whole label thing is obsolete right now? Label in what? In what? What way you mean is a label Actually like I'm talking about the traditional I shine to a major. Yeah, Like Shine to a major definitely If you. Well a You know If, you wanna be a superstar and you wanna be in the limelight on a big scale for the most part. You still kind of need the surfer on that line a little bit.


You need if, if that's your, if that's your quest. Yeah. If you Quest is to be, You ain't gonna be Chris Brown independent. No you Ain't gonna be that. You Ain't gonna be. Unless, unless you, unless You know you just one of them niggas who hit it off. Yeah. Greatly. Yeah you If you I tell niggas this If you fantasize of being signed to a label You know because there are some cats who still have that or I'm signed the Universal, I'm signed to Def Jam. Yeah I'm signed. It's some niggas who still long for that.


Yeah. You get me And I don't know if it's You know economically a wise decision but some dudes want that, that that moniker. That's The worst loan You can ever get. I, I want to put on that jacket that says Def Jam on the back and walk around. I wanna put on that coat that says Sony Music. Yeah. And You know because some dudes I get it. I could be independent. Am I gonna be as big as if they did it? Yeah you get me because nine times out 10 they're not going to even put the money behind you to I would say no to be that You.


know what I'm saying? They're not going to drop the money You know on you to feel significant for putting on that that jacket. Yeah you gave me you on Def Jam but nigga you still living on the block and shit. Well See a a dude like Drake though, he kinda eating that major label system because he getting a big chunk of money. Yeah, I'm pretty much, I'm, I don't know, he probably not never getting nothing else off them records You know what I mean? There's only one Drake You. know what I'm saying? Everybody else is, everybody else big. Yeah. He getting a big chunk of money. So I think If you in a situation like that, it probably work for you. Yeah, Well it works for a lot of say newcomer artists in that era.


Like you said, there's only there You know there ain't gonna be another Drake come along just like 20 years ago there was a Eminem who sold. You get me. It's always like hip hop pop. Yeah they're, they're all of that shit. They're there. Yeah. It's like a motherfucker making some gumbo. It ain't just You know what you getting when you eat some greens. Yeah. You know what you getting when you eat some fried chicken. But you could tell they Controlling Their shit when a motherfucker make a pot of gumbo. Everybody make they shit different and it's all kind of shit in there. They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh. Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers and teachers.


Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump.


Hey Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making sure The guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com the hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com, high five Casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing and ice gold. Ah is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


This the one thing I do say, because I look at some of these records man and I'm a conspiracy theorist by nature. Me Too. I'll look at certain stuff and the record just be out in five minutes and you might go on the internet, look at some of you, come back the record at 3 million views then 5 million. I think it's a big bot game being played right now. Even with the podcast dog. Yeah. It ain't no secret. Even when it's a big bot game and it's whoever got the little infrastructure to play the game the right way. Because I'm gonna tell you something the way stuff feels now. Social currency is a real thing. Really off If. you see a video that got If, you go to a video that got let's say 20,000 views. It might be the dopest shit ever.


But you see this other video that got 20 million. It's gonna be a people that, it's gonna be a certain contingency of people that think the video that got the 20 million views is the better product. You Damn right. And that's how they turn effective. That's how they turn their wheel. Yeah that made your money though. But that's what you get when you go over to one of them big companies, they're like don't worry, we gonna guarantee you are a success. It don't always work. But when they can put that kind of money behind you, an independent artist, you can't pump millions of dollars into your marketing and promotion. But they can. Man, let me tell you something. If, you messed around and put a single out tomorrow and that motherfucker jumped up to about 70, 80 million spins by Friday. Yeah.


They would be trying to flag your shit for something. Oh yeah. Even If it was super legit, they would be, oh no, there's no way. Oh they gonna pop up and try to offer you a bag. They gonna try to You know. Yeah they try to do something. Yeah, they gonna try to throw you up under the wing. You know And I. And I could tell you man around when that first happened. I could say it now 'cause I ain't snitching on nobody. But I used to sell a lot of, I used to sell records right. For different people. I used to distribute Dash and them stuff overseas. I met a Catman that told me, Hey man If, you got an album? I can guarantee you top 10 mm And I just started building with him. I said because he said man, I'm dealing with a dude that's from Northern California and I'm doing it for him. You send me 5,000 CDs and give me $6,000, I can guarantee you top 10.


But If you want to stay top 10. Like the thing you gotta keep paying. They would send I guess a certain amount of copies to all the sound scan stores and I'm not gonna lie, but what happened is your shit hit billboard, you start selling more records. It's like, it was like a marketing thing at one point. Yeah. Because people see you selling and they feel like, oh shit I gotta get that look at it. Oh or what? Last week it was number 20 this week it's number 13. Oh I gotta go buy that motherfucker. It's a, I'm gonna tell you The master that was Master P was the master of that. Yeah. It's a marketing scheme. He was the master of the marketing scheme. Master P would put records that probably wasn't gonna never come out in the in You know in the line of notes and people would actually be checking for that stuff.


Right. Damn right. They'd be checking for for It. It built had a lot of hustle. It built your anticipation. He Had a lot of hustle. Let let me ask you this, man, was you around, what was the vibe in New York? 'cause I almost know the answer when the whole East coast, west coast shit shenanigan shit was going down. What was the vibe over there? Nobody gave a fuck about it. Did that. That's what's Crazy in the streets. I felt like the industry, they took control of the narrative. 'cause in the streets we loved the West Coast music. Like when I was a kid, I remember we got our hands on West Coast music and how raw niggas was with it and how they was talking.


Man we was playing that shit like, 'cause that, to me that represents a time like when You know we were first jumping off the porch and You know even though we loved our lyrical artists, but to just hear motherfuckers talking about You know NWA they, they they kidnapping hoes on the records. You know. Yeah. Bitches in the car. Like it was just like some shit we ain't never heard. So we really, we really was fucking with West Coast music real hard And I felt like the, the industry took control of the narrative. Try kind of try to make it You know they put a lot of SMU on the game and made it seem like You know it was some type of like hate or animosity on the, on the east coast.


But it was, it wasn't like that in the street And it wasn't like that in the streets out here. That's the funny thing. That's why I asked because the funny thing is when that whole thing was going down, I used to wonder who the hell got beef. 'cause I, I'm still gonna listen whoever the fuck I wanna listen to. It wasn't, I was hanging the shit of Biggie. It wasn't, I don't even think it was like everybody, like you have to see that it was really, like you said, the media and the and and people of outside who really wanted to spin that narrative because it sold magazines, it kept reports going of East coast, west coast. But it was two motherfucking, it was, it was just like, it was two hoods beefing with each other.


That's all it was. It wasn't a whole city beefing. You get me. It was two hoods beefing with each other and it just happened to be, it was a hood on the east coast and it was a hood on. And I'm saying that in representation to the record labels, you get me. Right. It wasn't, it wasn't like They made a bag of money off all that shit. Damn Sure did. It wasn't like every motherfucking You know nigga in the hood over here was like, nigga we just going to jump on the plane and go to New York and just nigga I was still doing shit with niggas from New York. I nigga I never had a issue ever. And I was going, I've been going over there since I first started rapping real, It ain't real.


It wasn't Real. I never had an issue going to New York nigga going to record stores and clubs and everything. Love. Right. And never had a issue showing Love. I never, That's what I'm saying, all Ali, my second biggest market. Yeah. All You know what I'm saying? That's what I'm saying. I'm like a You know I'm my, my shit. I don't, we make music like New York make music and it's like my second biggest market so I get a lot of love out here. So people like You know that to me, I felt like it's not reflecting what the streets and the people are saying. It was all industry shit. Well, no, well I'm gonna tell you right now, it's, it's a lot of narratives that get spun and even with the way the internet is right now, man, it's a lot of foolishness. So you gotta kind of dig through it.


And again, social currency is the biggest thing is, let me tell you this, you can ask a kid right now, If, you ask a 15-year-old kid, I got $10,000 in this bag for you right now. Or I got a fully automated Instagram page with your name on it already. It got a million followers already. You know what he go pick. He gonna say, man, gimme the Instagram Page. You want that page? Yeah, The Instagram page I'm popping already. That's a million people looking at me. Even if, even if the million people are fake too. Yeah, they don't give a fuck. If the Million people are genuinely fuck with you, then there is some money there. There's business there if, if it is really a million people that fuck with you. But if they just like, oh I'm gonna give you a million followers with the blue check.


These people really don't know who the fuck you are. Nah, that ain't it. But you could make money off of your You know, like anybody You know If. you have a following, you have a big following. You can make money. So I think a lot of people that with the social currency thing, they get it twisted because they think just because they making a fool of themselves that people really fuck with them. They more laughing at you than they are like You know. Well that's what I'm saying man, because it's a lot of dudes crashing out right now. There's a lot of dudes crashing out right now 'cause they want to be, I don't even know if it's so much for the money bro. I think they just want to be noticed. They, they just want To be noticed. And that's the main focus. Yeah, the main focus is to get people watching it.


It is like sometimes You know, like you said, this game ain't what everybody think it is. It takes a lot to make a decent dollar, but I don't even think it's about the money. A lot of niggas just want to be, I want to be seen and just heard. Like that's what makes, that's what makes popularity now. If I'm just seen and niggas is coming to my page and You know it don't matter what the fuck I'm talking about. I'm be talking about some of the craziest, outlandish wild shit. But I want motherfuckers to come and watch me. So hey it is, that's why I said it the other day.


There's no code anymore. You see niggas who you thought was the hardest of hardest gangsters and shit, nigga on the microphones right now spitting like a motherfucking brand new mc


In this election. We each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, freedom. The freedom Not just to get by but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win win. I'm gonna Keep running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris For President


High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com I Five casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top. Busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing and ice. Gold is coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever try and decide


Is certain groups that when you first hear 'em, like when I first heard Wu-Tang Clan, I knew they was gonna be outta here. Yeah. Like when I first heard cash rules everything around mere get the money, I said man this was the coldest shit I've heard. And I think because they was from Long Island. No, they from Staten Island. Staten Island, my bad. Staten Island. Crazy meth. Moved to Staten Island. Meth from my block too. Meth from he from Terra Side. Is that right? Yeah. Meth from my projects. Is that right? So yeah, I'm not real knowledgeable about the boroughs. So directly Hempstead is kind of like Brooklyn, right? Hempstead is Long Island. Long Island. Long Island. Long Island. Yep. But Long Island, Brooklyn, Queens All connected.


That's all kind Connected. All right. All connected. Yeah. It's all Yeah. For me to drive in the Queens from, from Hempstead, a 20 minute drive, 10, 20 minute drive, just like how LA is and any everything, like a 20 minute drive, you could just dip over here like You. know what I'm saying? Yeah, for real. Yeah. Unless you living way out like You know the ie shit Long Island Big though. If, you were like out far, like out east of Long Island then. Yeah, you might, you might have to drive an hour or so. But You know I'm from Nassau County so that's more closer to Quincy. So, so the Woo was kind of like, they was like outsiders almost, right? Yeah. Staten Island. 'cause you gotta get a, you gotta get on a boat to go to Staten Island You know what I'm saying? For the most part like you gotta jump on a ferry. So they was like You know Staten Island was a little out the way.


So when they came in it was just like damn these niggas from Staten Island is like So Staten Island would be like the IE. Niggas then they would be like the I 'cause You know we got the end, the Empire Rock. Yeah. You got a lot of cats out there that get real busy. Oh definitely. But they in their own little You know you got the shout out to Dirty Birdie, doggy style Lee and all of them You know they out there doing thing. You know. Definitely. Definitely. They out there doing their thing. Definitely. And the Woo, the Staten Island, that was the first time they kind of like, that was like our first with for some brothers from Staten Island. Right. Like Long Island been shaking since the eighties like You, know what I'm saying? Niggas from the island since PMD and and all. Yeah. Yeah. Rakim, pe, all of that.


So You know they De La Soul You know all of that. MF do. So we done had cats since the eighties. So when they came it was like, oh shit we ain't never here. What Staten Island had to bring to the table Was mainland like New York really fucking with them when they first came out? What? Woo. Yeah. Yeah. Woo took over. It wasn't no, it it, it wasn't, I don't feel, I don't remember there being no resistance. It could be no resistance. Right. Second Neck came out, I was like, oh this is some shit We Ain't never heard of saw Before. It it's, it's like when You know, it's like when music changes, You know we all go through the transition of changes with hip hop. You know hip hop started for us on the really on the electronic tip funk type shit.


Then it then it then it went to You know the Tone Locs and the young MCs and the shit like that and the, and the wrecking crews and the motherfucking, that type of shit. And it transitioned over into the streets with Tila and ice tea. So people have, they transitions and even New York You know New York went through the You know we had the Rakims You know the first lls, the Run DMCs and then we started switching over and then you had that era where You know everybody wanted to make the clubby. Let's drink, let's drink Chris coffee and let's drink Chris style and and Money shit.


Yep. Wu-Tang was that fresh breath of air. Yeah because They was anti Some mother fucking niggas shit. Right. There's just some regular niggas from the Block. Dirty niggas Speaking about the block. Dirty, dirty life you get No they ain't have new clothes On. Like my nigga was saying they they speaking on the pissy hallways type of shit like Right. The shit that brought us into the game. But we ain't seen that shit for a while because everybody running around this motherfucker in shiny suits with, with crystal style bottles and shit. You know And a hundred niggas together. Yeah that was another thing about the Woo, they was deep. They came in the game like everywhere they went it was like a hundred of them niggas.


And mind you too. I can't, I can't just now I heard Was heard the Fool shit. The Woo is Staten Island and Brooklyn. 'cause JA and Dirty You know them. Them niggas from Brooklyn Master Killer they from Brooklyn. So they, they was definitely a mixture. Old dirty Bastard. I remember bro saw that fool in New Orleans walking around with his shirt off. That was my pee And didn't and didn't even know it was him dog. We in New Orleans bailing and this nigga got his shirt off. He gets brown. That Was My pee singing like, like really singing some soul like Al Green run down street just singing Al Green with his shirt off. And I'm like is that him? My nigga Dirty was in Compton and everything. My nigga was, my nigga was that was my nigga.


He I did a song with Dirty used to hang out when I went to motherfucking, when I went to Staten Island and was in the the can it all be so simple. Video Niggas was just regular niggas wasn't that shit. Yeah niggas was just regular Nigga. He was in the motherfucking Wu-Tang movie too. I told you the series. Yeah He told me that shit, That shit fucked me up 'cause You know I'm slipped there watching. I always go back and revisit shit I've watched. Right. Yeah. 'cause you always see something new. They at the new music seminar and they got this nigga, nigga playing C eight was like man I saw you were menace man that shit was hard. Yeah. He was like yeah you gotta come to Compton to fuck with a nigga. Oh yeah that one was my niggas so New York fuck with.


Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I used my spot. Yeah we fuck with I gang niggas man I used to fuck with in New York. Still do. Yeah Man. He got a big, big ass base out there. Yeah. So you you, you actually got the fuck with the Woo on some shit didn't you? Yeah, I did some joints with Brothers in the Woo. I early on actually Buster on one of his albums, I'm on a joint with him. Ghost Send Ray on his Anarchy album. I need my plaque too for that Buster. Mm. Send me my gold record. It might be platinum by now. Yeah You know what I'm saying? I done worked with quite a few brothers in The World I done worked with with JA You. know what I'm saying? I'm on his album like You know I love the Wool. So Let me ask you this man and keep it all the way a beam man.


Keep it, keep it all the way. A thousand dog. We all fans of this shit. Right? We all fans of hip hop. Right. Did you ever have a feature with somebody and it kind of fucks you up? Like I can't believe I'm making a song with this nigga. I mean moments like those like You know Ghost and Ray. Yeah because you were Ghost and Ray and that's Prime and that's Ghost and Ray You. know what I'm saying? So Oh definitely. Yeah. Moments like that was like oh shit, like you saying we talking about the bench and being on and me being pulled up off the bench for that like outta everybody Bus the hat like yo, I'm gonna pull rock up off of the bench for this one me.


So that one You know even when I first got in the studio and working with like You know Pete Rock You. know what I'm saying? You you assigned to Pete Rock for a minute weren't you? Nah, we was just Making, that was one of my favorite favorites too. Yeah Man. High shit man. You a lucky motherfucker dog. Can you imagine that? The nigga got Pete Rock beats at his disposal. Yeah it it was Definitely, I talked to Pete, Pete is one of them dudes man I got a song with Pete Rock. Yep. Pete got some, Pete got some Pete Rock Soul Survivor Man Survivor. Yeah. Yeah. Fire. Yeah so You know to work with 'cause I grew up like You know big fans of these brothers. So to work with large professor Man another fan man Professor hard motherfucker.


Yeah Large professor. So Main Source was the shit man Tip You, know what I'm saying? Like You know. So working with Tip, that was also like You know to me this stuff like this was like a You talking all my favorites now man. 'cause I'm gonna tell you that main see music for me is time capsules because when I hear that Breaking Adams. Yeah when I hear, when I hear looking at the front bro that boom I hear that. That nigga my favorite Though about me and my wife. Mm. We married now I've been married for 30 something years but that was my girlfriend right there in that song used the mind of us. 'cause I be breaking, breaking up with her and shit. But like You know what I'm done with your ass. Yes. The next thing You know you back together. You back together again You know what I mean?


And That cuts on that album. I'm looking at the Friendly game of baseball. Yeah. Yeah. Breaking Adams was the classic. Just, just y'all Flipped the friendly game of baseball Just hanging out. Yeah. Yeah. I used the, yeah we used the that for Drive by Miss Daisy. Daisy it was Friendly Game of baseball piano. Like how'd y'all do that piano shit though? That's, that was live, that was my nigga Willie Z. That's about systematic. That's crazy. That was my nigga Willie Z. That's what I you We had Willie Z and then we had excerpts from Scarface. Yeah. Remember when the bit when the n when the crying Gina? Yeah. Gina was crying. That was her on there. That's my shit. Yeah. You know what's crazy though. That's what I had to ask this nigga when I first started fucking with him.


Who the hell was playing that piano? Because he had the one song Willie Z nigga Shit with the shout out To. Can't just make The World go Around. You'd be vibing. Just marbling. I had some eight oh eights in my, I had some, I had some rock, I had some false gates in my trunk back then. And my maximum At the end it switch up and it just switch up and he get the paint. Yeah it Switch up. Now you can just Miss some elements of music. Now y'all had a piano pianist come in and just take it away. I used to play all my shit live. I never sampled anything. I would listen to shit. And what I would really do is how I would create music is the niggas would tell you I used to ride around on tour with a mini tape recorder.


And I would get ideas in my head. And I was just hum him into the tape recorder. And then I come back home and get with Willie Z and play him the tape and all that shit. I would hum. He just start That's and bingo. That's how we create the beats. He Was a bad motherfucker. 'cause I'm gonna tell you on ts make The World come around you mobbing and it's just real cinematic. Yeah. And then it just break down like that and it's just like, man that's hard right there. Yeah. That's why I always said my, my music, I always wanted that element. Yeah that cinematic like oh man these niggas just killed up a You know.


Or or the, the whole shit just blew up. Or that part where You know the niggas is finna come kill and they sneaking in and that music is Mm. And you like oh somebody about to get fucked up. Yeah If sound real that's My, that's my shit. And then the piano come in and this nigga come on g at Compton's in the house. And it is like that's this shit so hard Man. My shit some, I wanted my shit. You know I didn't, like I said I didn't want niggas riding around not to say it but I didn't want niggas riding around happy to my shit. Right. Like nigga, I don't nigga no this is not for you. This is, this music is not for you.


And I used Tell Fucker many niggas got fucked off listening to some MCH shit back in the days count Shit nigga every, when I, I go to towns and niggas are still You know them towns, the Clevelands, the Detroits, the Chicagos. The motherfuckers be like Nigga man y'all Niggas was Great, you just do not know fuck Y'all was gang experimental. That's what I loved about it. You niggas do that nigga. Nigga you used to Man we went on Niggas tell me all the time we did plenty of dirt off your motherfucking tape. We did plenty of dirt Nigga off of your tape nigga your tape got me nigga man you just do not know what we used to do off that music to drive by.


Hell. Yeah Then when your name got Mc in it, 'cause I know I come from today If you got that mc in your name. That means you a rapping motherfucker. Well that's because You know I we prided ourselves back then on that. The DJ in the mc You know my era was was that de the dj the mc mc this mc. That's why you see a lot of niggas from my area with mc in there. Mc, Shan mc ran You know. Right. Young mc. Right You know what I'm saying? Mc eight. We prided ourselves on that Mc because that meant you, that meant you knew how to move the crowd. That meant you was the the microphone, the master of ceremony You know So more.


That's that mic you feel me it more back In them days your hood had to like sanction you to just rap. Everybody back in them days couldn't rap. You would have people that would rap. Niggas would tell you nah chill that ain't for you. Back in them times like the hood, I felt like we selected certain artists like some cats Around. So you had Nick come out the apartment trying to rhyme and y'all shut 'em down. I think back in our, I think back in our days niggas looked at that like oh no nigga I because it was you like nigga you right here in the hood with me. You go through the same experiences but niggas just like nigga that's a gift.


Oh yeah we were, That's gift. That's a gift we show tell Motherfuckers they was boo boo. Like man that shit trash. Yeah Right. Like niggas who knew they shouldn't be rapping. Like you had your certain motherfuckers who thought they could pick up the mic but then niggas who you had regular niggas like man I don't know how y'all do that shit. Yeah. I couldn't do that shit for nothing. Yeah The the like like the whole CN thing that they is so different. Like And I don't this old now but the Drake and Kendrick battle. Right. Yeah. That shit got almost to the point to where it was overkill after a while I was like as that is my man, I love K dot but I was like man I don't wanna hear no more records. Yeah. Because it's like they was just coming back and forth so quick man you never even got a chance to breathe on them.


Yeah that was the first I had never seen a a battle keep rolling over like that. That was crazy. Yeah and you fucked with that on some shit didn't you? It's Crazy. Yeah actually yeah we did. We did a joint for the homie Consequence put us on a record back in the days You. know what I'm saying? This was when Dot was first getting, getting started. Yep. That's crazy. You reminded me. Yeah me and Dot all on the song together. Yeah. Might me having to do my research, all These things on the joint together I think man and then back in our era man it seemed like dissing was more fun 'cause you anticipated a fun nice record. You get me I think with Drake and Kendrick Battle man it got to the point to where niggas was like damn my brain hurt.


Like I'm tired of motherfucker like nigga like you going to class for motherfucking regular math and a nigga threw some motherfucking calculus in front of you. Yeah. And niggas opened the book and was like I enjoyed it though. I ain't gonna front. I think it was the illest battle ever. I You know what I enjoyed. I was a lot Motherfucker dog and what really tripped me off for You know how you get to see a dude kind of fulfill his dream. I knew do man I'm gonna tell you a story about Kdot and you can't dispute this dot. You remember how we used to wear the Doce and Gabba shades like back in the 2000 threes and two th I'm real cool with punch and top and You know they over at the spot in Carson. I left my sunglasses over there.


And, I paid like $1,200 for them glasses. So I'm like fuck I left my glasses 'cause You know If you leave your glasses in the studio, some nigga go wind up wearing them. Motherfuckers Wind up the motherfuckers is stolen. Yeah. So I see Kdot, he in the studio maybe like they went somewhere. I think they went in the road with Game or something. Mm. He come back, I come back, I see him with my glasses, them motherfuckers is all scratched up and everything. And I'm like man what you do to my glasses bro? Oh my bad. And then I remember I just remember funny stuff with.like dot wouldn't have no belt and he'd be using his shoe string. And. I say man now that motherfucker go buy any Gucci belt. Every Gucci melt in the motherfucking mall.


He want, He don't give a fuck. He just rocking shoe string. Like, But I always knew that nigga was nice. Yeah. Nah he's super nice. He super, I always knew he was nice though. Super nice. Yeah he's super nice. I mean shit. I mean You know that's what this shit is all about man. I mean sparring was how we came up. Like I was saying earlier, like back in the days there only be somebody from the hood. Like the hood maybe had one, two people back in the days or somebody pull up talking about they going to rhyme. I was definitely one of the people like, oh word y'all think y'all got somebody nice? Oh yo little go get rock. Go get rock Rock. Oh, so your people would put you up against other people? Yeah Or we go to other hoods and shit like that.


You like yo. Yeah I think Y got niggas to get busy. All cool. We go over there and You know and clean them niggas up and that's how, That's the death row niggas was doing. That's How you make your name back in them days. That's what I used to do in high school. Used to go around, Used to go to other schools and battle niggas. That's how I, that's how me and Snoop battled each other at the park one day in high school. Wow. Yeah, we used to just go around. We, I used to go around battling niggas play Freestyle. We Who won that battle? Who won that one? I couldn't say we was both, we both got down nice. You know and chill was my beatbox. So yeah we used to go around just battling niggas. Mm. And Snoop was just out there. Just Snoop had freestyles like a motherfucker. Definitely Snoop used to walk around Polly High School with a ghetto blaster.


You know them big boom boxes. The big boom boxes like Radio Raheem. Yeah. Yeah. I had me one too nigga a Las nigga a lasic bang it With the lights and shit on them lights. And I had a few lights on that mother motherfucker too. Nigga I had, I had a Lasic man. I went through all them little phases man with I would get the, 'cause they wasn't playing a lot of hip hop on the radio. Yeah. But they started getting little specialty shows on Friday night and Saturday night. That's when you would tap. That's how I used to make my tapes. I used to listen to the end of the radio station, the college radio stations and make tapes. And that's how I ended up hanging out with like a lot of the You know a lot of the older, a lot of the older brothers and shit used to You know bring me on like missions going out to Harlem and shit like that.


So I saw a lot young 'cause I would make them tapes. It was like damn we gotta bring Rock. Rock done. Stayed up and made them damn tapes. So you wanna ride around and hear the new shit. I had the tapes Man. So since you a real lyricist man, who was the illest mc ever to come outta Hempstead? Hempstead? Whew Outta Hempstead. I gotta say Prodigy man. I gotta say Prodigy was underrated man. Like gotta Say P. Yeah, He was hard man. It was at one time. At one time man. Motherfuckers was talking about him like he was the best rapper in the Game. No, there was an era when P was Top Dog. He had, He had, I try to tell people that it the era he, he got rhymes man.


Yeah, he was at, he had a era where he was Top Dog. Mob D wasn't no joke. Mob D was all You. know what dog I'm gonna tell you that's who your antithesis is. CMW and Mob Deep. 'cause both of y'all was dark as hell. A CMW Mob album would've been hard. Yeah. That've been so motherfucking hard. That Song with havoc. You do? Yeah. I met them during my f my first demo. So we Played to holler at him At At at five 10 Studios. I met them when I was in junior high school. I was in junior high school and one of the, one of the bomb squad Underlink members, he used to make beats. He still make beats. Shout out to Sleep Kerwin Young. But he used to let us come to the studio and make, make music.


So one day after school we went to five 10 studios and our session ended up getting interrupted by Mob Deep. This is, I think they was political prophets at the time. Yeah, that's when they was Yeah. That's the political prophets. Yeah. They had a deal. I remember me and my boy, we fucking junior high school, we like how these niggas got a record do, we had no idea how to get a record deal. But they had a record deal. I remember they had New Jordans on and, and You. know what I'm saying? They was chilling. You could tell like Who did you wanna be signed? Did you wanna be signed to Def Jam? Hell, I mean back in them days, hell yeah. That would've been a, I think everybody wanted to sign the Death Jam. Everybody Wanted that Death Jam. Jam. That old cold Chilling. Cold chilling. Yeah. I would say cold. Chilling. Chilling. Yeah. That'd a cold. Chilling.


That'd have been beautiful. That was the like that was nigga I don't give a fuck where you was. Nigga If. you was a mc back in them times. Yo dream was to be signed A D Come on man. Hell yeah. Niggas had Public Enemy ll Did You ever have an opportunity to sign a Def Jam? Nah, I never had. I signed a Sony and once I was with Sony that was it. I felt like shit who can get bigger than Michael Jackson? I think it was a subsidiary. Bigger than Jackson. Hell Yeah. And I'm on the label with Michael Arda and Pearl Jam nigga I felt nigga we got bread over here. So I felt like nigga But they never experienced with hip hop.


They didn't know what the fuck to do with concert. You was profitable. You was profitable for them. 'cause y'all, Yeah, as Far what y'all had three gold straight three. Three straight gold albums? No, we, well probably, I don't know. I know our first album that was with Capital though. And we, like you said, we got caught up in that. The label folding shit. So our first album, it's a Compton thing, was one of those situations where the record came out right when they was like, basically while they was closing the doors, the boxes was going out the back door. You feel me?


And so there was nobody left to promote the record. And it's still like, nigga, I think my first record, our first record is Compton Most Wanted sold about 200 and something thousand copies. So that made a, that made Epic go shit. These niggas can do two 50. That's a lot of money with No Promotion nigga. We didn't have nothing on the label. I had one video one time gaffled him up. That was a big record out here though. It was out here. It definitely was. That's my shit. So with that the LA Epic was like shit. But they didn't know what to do with hip hop.


They was trying but you still got a bunch of motherfuckers who ain't experienced in hip hop trying to run a hip hop label. Hell yeah. Well right now you the boss of your own shit, right? Yeah. No major distribution in the background or Nothing. I mean I got distribution now You. know what I'm saying? Now I, I'm I'm rocking with equity. Okay. I'm saying so yeah I did a situation with equity so they doing my distribution. That's good. That's Jay and all them right? It is Jay and them. Oh shit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. That's some good shit. But you get to run your own plays now. Yeah, I'm still my own label You. know what I'm saying? We call all the shots and You know it's still the same thing.


We just have more help now You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. We got a little help now. But still everything, how I wanna spend budgets and how I wanna market and promote, that's all on me. I call all of the shots. That's what we looking to do now with this next eight album. Looking for the right situation to where you can have, 'cause you need to me, when you artists of y'all caliber especially you need somebody on the inside the label that's gonna do a little work. Right. Not necessarily to run the whole play. 'cause that's why you got brothers like me and Doughboy and stuff like that to go You know run little other plays. But you need somebody up in there to make sure, let's make sure he get this playlist and let's make sure he get this as the song of the day on Apple.


Get you in them algorithms. You feel what I'm saying? Get you up on the algorithms. You right and You know get on certain things or you not gonna win. That's what I tell people. I was talking to one of my homies, he was like well I'm just gonna put the next album out this tune corps. I said don't do that. You gonna fuck that man's career up. I said, because there's no label services over there. Yeah. All they gonna do is take your $99 and you need some because nowadays with this streaming shit, eight might really go in the studio and do a song with Kendrick. But the way this shit is, Spotify might not put the shit up and you come out with your whole campaign, they ain't got the shit in the platform because they not sure if it's clear. Everybody's so litigious nowadays and worried about somebody suing them.


You need somebody that can call and say Hey that's legit. Let me send, send you this paper off here. You know. Yeah and you got, it's different now man. Yeah It is. I mean you still can run it up If, you go through one of those other sites but you still gotta have some type of marketing money on your own or have some kind of platform to make sure that it it it's noticed. Right. Because they can't You know If you just going through a like a tune core disco kid or whatever, they not gonna make sure your shit is at the top when they say new hip hop albums and things of that nature, you ain't gonna get none of them services. Oh no because I'm gonna tell you this Tune core and them other people only interested in one thing and that's that 39 9 9 or that 99 9 9 or whatever you played.


Yeah. Oh you got distribution. Not everybody, you got distribution, your shit gonna be everywhere. But when you with a Empire or equity or even the shit they got the video and all them other people, you gonna have a chance to win. It's a difference. It's it, it's like that's major label now noticed difference Because I used to do, I used to upload my shit myself and all of that. So I do notice the difference You know what I'm saying? Even though I was making some money You, know what I'm saying? But I also had a brand, a quality brand that people trust. Right. So it wasn't like I was just coming in there off off The street. Yeah, you not a new brand new artist. You know wasn't Coming coming off the street like that. But yeah. But I was noticing like You know when people, you do a situation with Empire or Equity or whatever You know what I'm saying?


These places now you can make sure you can muscle your way a little bit more up in the algorithm or your video play. Like take for instance if eight video play, it ain't no coincidence that Kendrick shit come on after your shit just automatically they make sure that you get them spots. So when, when you just forget you playing something and then something just plays on afterwards somebody pulled the play to make sure that that's what's playing next and got them in that algorithm. So that's what's important to make sure you don't forget Man. What's next on the horizon bro? What's the big move My next, I'm working on another project. I'm about to tour next month.


You know I'm just doing a lot. I'm gonna do, I'm about to do a project with Producer joint for my man Knowledge The pirate. He's next. I got another artist, great guard, he's coming next after that I'm producing a joint for tf. Yeah. And you got, I'm pretty sure you gonna get one on the eighth album. Right? We gonna get that rock Marc. I'm with that. I'm looking to that. Definitely. Definitely. That's a fact. So yeah, so we doing that. I got, I got a few albums that's You know that that I'm also working on with other producers. But yeah, You know I'm gonna do another one with Worthy You know. 'cause a lot of people don't know my produc in hand 'cause a lot of like with the sound that I I that I, I helped bring back and Pioneer You know.


So a lot of people think it's just like me on the mic now. I did a lot of the product, the production. That's dope. So I'm really ready to start getting my, my production hand out there. Let me ask you this. That's what we doing. Would you say as a producer that it's a lot easier nowadays? I would say it is definitely a lot easier for unknown producer because now you can, you could just hit somebody on social media. Well what I mean is like as far as like the technical stuff. 'cause I come from the area to where you had SB 1200 and you might only had three seconds of sampling time. Oh yeah, yeah. And now you can go, like I said, to a website and get the whole stems to love happiness. Right now you can't compare, you compare everything all the al Green so that organ is in there that, that woo Can't compare It.


You can go snacks that If you want to Yeah. You can't compare the times the stems just took it to a whole nother level. But You know I started off with A MPC. I still use the MPC 2,500. I use MPC too, but I use the one that's in the computer. Mm. And I got the MPC live. Yep. I like that man. Because you get the same filter and they got them filters in there now they got a SB 1200 filter. That's crazy. So If you wanna run like, the thing is, you get that Al Green thing, you might still want that warm sound on there. That warm analog sound on there. Yeah. I I still, I st I'm old fashioned with it. Yeah man. I'm still using MP even though the computers do everything and all that, that shit, I still use the the mp.


I love the sound For sure. Since I know you on the coast, man, now you definitely gonna have to stop by this motherfucker again. We really enjoy that. You on man. Hop back up on y'all for sure. And we enjoyed it, man. I Got my new shit. Yes Indeed. Eight get in there and cut the fuck up. Oh Definitely. That's a, that's a must. Yeah. Where can the people text you on the shoulder at? Oh man, you want to hit me up? Just hit me up on rock marcy.com. Rock Marcy on Instagram. YouTube, all of that. Just tap in You. know what I'm saying? And there we is. That's another episode we holler at y'all next week, Jill. Well that concludes another episode of The Gangster Chronicles podcast. Be sure to download the iHeart app and subscribe to The Gangster Chronicles podcast for Apple users.


Find a purple mic on the front of your screen, subscribe to the show, leave a Common and rating executive producers for The. Gangster Chronicles podcast are Norman Steele, Aaron MCA Tyler, our visual media directors, brown wide and our audio editors. Taylor Hayes The Gangster Chronicles is a production of iHeart Media Network and the Black Effect Podcast Network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts. Wherever you listen to your podcast,


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


High Five Casino. High Five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary board. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


When it comes to business, the people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo. Pro Lenovo Lenovo


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrests keep you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.