
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size UV is designed for epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021, State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even have the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Trump's Project 2025 Agenda will give him unchecked political power and it would take Black America backwards. Project 2025 would strip away our voting rights protections and it eliminates the Department of Education. It would also require states to monitor women's pregnancies. It bans abortion and would rip away health coverage from millions. Kamala Harris will stand up to Trump and his MAGA loyalist dangerous plans to control our lives because Trump is out for himself while Kamala Harris is for the people. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide we need it again.


That gotta be the title. Hell nah. You playing life changing music now. That's the shit you about to get your life together. Shit. You Feel it. You like You know what? You right man been bullshit man. You right man. Go to jail. I been eating too many carbs man. I gotta get it together man. But you say go to school, get the job. Gotta go get save up this money. Save up this money PI was just telling people man, making money is not hard. I think you trying to figure out what you wanna do with the money is hard.


Hold it on, try not spending it. No, because a lot of people, they have bills but they know how much they need to make a month. They just know getting it. And all you gotta do is sit down and figure out how much you need to make a month and then that's gonna open up the opportunities for it to be that much. That's you gonna start getting shit that's gonna be like, damn, that's almost what I wanted. Right. But every damn let find money is gonna be complicated. Like getting it is hard and then knowing what to do with it is hard too. Right. Like is it It's all about your hustle If, you want it, you'll go get it. You gotta figure out how to get it first because everybody gets some money. A lot of people got it. But see a lot of people, people don't spending habits knowing that they getting money because they got fast spending habits and I'm like, you are getting money nigga.


You just spend a lot and you think you spend more than you getting it but you getting it a lot. Yeah, but you yeah you. You spending the lifestyle, you spending on the lifestyle, you spending it and it's not helping you. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. You see what I'm saying? And it not really the lifestyle they just be doing shit. Let me see. There ain't nothing left in there. What y'all gone that backward? No. There's some shit in there ain. What happened? Fucked it up. No this a what you call it? This a Dutch. Oh you wanna fuck with the dutches? I'm like as well. Roll big one. We You know. I understand. Celebration. You wanna how that last? Yeah, but this for this one. How long? I don't know how long this one gonna last.


Yeah. You smoked the get had later on. What? I don't know. What was it bud? That shit smoked. You ain't smoked it. That's two different weed maybe. So that's what had you. Yeah, I already know what On and on by Duke. Listen on known by Duke. You understand me? Listen no Cap that motherfucker. We on the level game. That's that shit. Shit. Feel like I was in high school again and we all in three different classes and guess what? I'm finna go disturb your cla. You stupid. You not finna go disturb your class. Nah you can't disturb man a re tell the folk we used to do that shit to going for a clam and just be disturbing nigga be in the window when the door closed.


You bitch nigga the great part about it. Be in that little window. Get away from that door nigga take off running nigga. We ain't have no doors so you anybody there walk nigga? Nigga we had the doors. Oh hell no. We had the doors with the long window on that bitch. That nigga just be in that window. Some, some people had those in the main school but then we had cubicles so you wouldn't even know. It is 12 classes in this cubicle. You go in this cubicle it is what the fuck it 12 little classroom with no d. Hell you get your ass beat in that cubicle.


Nah, they mays high school ma. Were big. You'll get lost. It took me three months to get right because I go still thinking I'm on this side and I'm really on this side and McLaren down here on that side. By the time you done walked around the whole school, you like man I'm fuck yeah I'm gonna just keep walking until I find it. Bitch be late every day until I got right. Damn. That shit hard too. Yeah, different. You gotta find your class boy be thinking he be writing this shit Stevie Wonder for so long.


Well this Stevie Wonder on the Megaman game. Just listen to that song another day there's a ribbon in this guy. A re I be he bullshit by the ribbon bro. Janet Jackson just did an interview and said Stevie Wonder is her cousin and Samuel L. Jackson and Tracy Chapman. Who said that? Janet Jackson. Janet Jackson You know Jackson has got to be, they got to be family. Oh now all of them.


But that's just crazy though. Michael Jackson and Samuel L. Jackson are related bro. Dang. That's what he, that's what he been trying to tell you motherfuckers the whole time. Michael Jackson is my relative. They hot snakes on Michael Jackson's plane. I would dig close doing the goddamn move with Sam l Jackson. Man man you should did that bitch part. This was trash You know I admit it. Nah, some nigga be acting like man them nigga be hanging on my dog.


Nah nigga you look at my audition tape. You be like, but that nigga, what the fuck was that? I ain't never meant to a bad audition. My audition was good. I did bad to see If. you were good. You gotta make up swim bro. It ain't no pool. Nah, this tape was a whole bunch of this shit. Oh that's some bullshit. SL sl like You know he was swimming but if, if he gonna do that in the ocean thing, we want him. Yeah, that was some bullshit. They set you up for failure or nothing. That was bullshit.


Okay. And just, and just mimic like you women and the crazy part about them nigga ain't getting no pool. I I even feel like the audition just to see whether I do it or not. Wasn't no pool in the movie, no way in America. Nigga got me on tape doing this shit. Oh yeah we took that part out. But you baby audition for it. Well that shit crazy but guess what that why I killed my last audition that my own play because I used to have a thing where it'd be like I didn't wanna perfect the audition because it's hard for me to master the set because I'm a visual set You. know what I'm saying? Like I got see it. I like that. I like to be challenged if I'm in a audition room with a green screen behind me and the scene's so complex I have to imagine that shit.


So it's like I have to think about the lines. Imagine the set and be perfect instead of you already done got the role and yeah stop overthinking the shit. It's hard man. Now just do your homework. You overthink it when you come on in there. Ready? Nah, don't get me wrong. Ready? We done mess with this shit but that's part of the game that I had to realize that I cannot just say, man fuck that shit. I had to learn how to tighten up on the audition. I used to be like, man fuck the audition shit. Nah. I be like nah nigga. Nah you gotta know it that that's one of the things you, you gotta have in your repertoire. You gotta have a, you gotta have a a mean audition repertoire like boy you gotta, so you can eat, you can eat but that don't mean they gonna focus that audition.


Sometimes you, it might not be for the part. Right. But they'll see something else and then they give you something else. Right. Sometimes they come back around with something better. We ain't think you was good for that. But we think he, they coulda gave me a road motherfucker. Nah man your ass, you fucked the swimming up. Nigga ain't trying to do no strokes man. I just did all net move. What they say about the road? They ain't like you swimming. They ain't like my net move. I ain't do no stroke. I just tried to get out the water with my head is wheel with his neck. Fuck that up. Everybody watching that shit like what the fuck is this?


Everybody down there laughing hard as you laughing right now they call people in to rewinding it. Come here. Look at it. Look at it. Popcorn going tell watch your neck. Hey your your neck. Watch your neck. This your boy Duke. This what your boy sent him. He say he wanna be in the movie Withs Jackson. What? Get me fucked up. They even had no nigga like that nigga Dun you. Oh you stupid. Done save me. Done got me fucked up. Oh nah. But we got right though man. No more bullshit on this No cow. Come on. Them auditions be crazy man. It be crazy bro.


But you just gotta do it though. I done nail like three, four move since so You. know what I'm saying? I been on my eight game so You know what I mean? There you go. Oh yeah this old shit. This shit like 2000 nigga 22. It ain't that old eh? It's old but it's new. Right. But anything in the past is old. Oh it still, it still hurt. Well I know now when I get a role I make sure my audition take five mm I ain't even finna play with you. I ain't even finna, I ain't even finna play Ain't me the other lemonade. This ones gone took all lemon out. That bitch the lemon take up all the space. They need to stop putting lemon at the bottom. That's how they get old.


Yeah, it's mostly a whole goddamn lemon at the bottom of the ship. Now this one got some lemonade in. Shout out to JJs man. We've been eating, we've been spending hella money with them. We not for the past couple weeks. Hey what if they nigga ain't named jj? They just said we had to use Nah but that black owned restaurant, what if it ain't JJs this is two Fish, it's outta Chicago. They based outta Chicago. Right because I was just gonna say because it's not a, it is black if it ain't JJs, what if it's two fish and chicken and we've been calling it JJs just 'cause the fish look like Jays that would've looked like it looked like two fishes. Motherfucker keep saying JJs niggas two fish because they eat JJs but ain't. But they ain't got no Asian people working in that motherfucker.


So does American Deli. They know what we want. You know they got Mexican. They know how y'all like. Yeah they know how you like it's Mexicans in, they ain't even called jj my local neighborhood at American Dinner. Hmm. It's Mexicans. That's yours. That's yours at my local neighborhood. I was just say they black folks at my American dinner. Damn. Who in the back? The cash. Your girl be black. Mexicans. Okay. Mexicans. They definitely be, they been there. They know how to make the shit now. They put them goddamn there chicken in that motherfucker. They, I already know hey I can have it wet. They look at you nigga hell want a lot of sauce. I be like, but hey boy, they that's expert. Ask them who own it. Ask them who run it.


Who run the American Idol. The crazy part is they don't have no consistency. Them motherfucker be, some of 'em be exceptional. Boo be hot all the way home. I remember one time I got some free food by acting like I was the franchise owner of the American dinner. I, because I swear she was, she was acting like she was so rude like she ain't want to take the nigga order. I said You know what. You know what, sorry to tell you ma'am, but You know I'm one of the owners here. Yeah. Qua You know what, we don't need you no more. We don't need you no more. Yeah. Excuse me. I just want attention.


That's all I want. You find somebody that you didn't work there clock out. See, see Literally left. Go clock out. Yeah. I like we don't need you, we don't need you. That's disrespectful. I was like, who? I was like don't worry about it. I don't even talk to no manager, no nothing. I'm one of the owners here. Don't worry about it. I don't. She don't need to be at the front. The crazy part is she believed you. This what can we just talk about my position. All the lies went now. Ooh. What we doing this how we doing it? What This the ghost story episode ain't gonna, what we doing ain't need the blood on them. That just set and tone.


Just leave it for a minute. Welcome to late night. Uhuh don't cut that shit on nigga. Nigga we th But you gotta play some gangster shit though because we in the dog with three niggas. This for the ladies. If you If you a man. Cut this shit off right now. Done. Set tone nigga. Set the tone. pbo. It sound like boss man this is how nigga being trapped. I'm gonna have a bitch gimme a ride. Yeah. I told the bitch. Yeah get inside.


See I told the bitch Yeah I just lied. Yeah the bitch tried me. She just died. Yeah see had to slap a bitch. She was rude to me. Now ma do that. See gotta do it. See yeah man to do it. Had to do it. See Yeah. The niggas tried to shoot at me. Ooh what? I had to do it. See? Ooh man, him man now man him man now man him man now man him man now I 50 more.


Yeah. See You stupid. That's hard though bro. That's hard. There go count. I was bad as fucking pool and I'm trying to dodge a sentence. Damn. Went to swim in the pool. And I just moved my neck. I old drown trying to get a check. I'm on round, had a little cat. Now my swimming only move my neck. Come man now man, now man, now man now see stop bro.


You wanna boss up your life. All you gotta do is show me some titties. Oh I remember when a girl had to asked me for a washer and a dryer. I said how how you washing your clothes now? Little dirtiest. Thank you bitch. She said I'm going to the Clevelands. I said they go your washer and your dryer. But I had to bought my bed dropped like me.


See I pulled over that washer like me man. Now how fuck is you saying man? It is a whole nother show. 85 South Show after dark. Yeah. Ladies rub on your tennis If. you love hip hop? Yeah Ladies we hope you watch it in your T-shirt and your panties. Ladies rub your tents If. you love hip hop. Get your mops ready. This ain't the one for the kids to be watched Your love hip hop. This ain't the one for the kid to be watched. You supposed to get some head on this episode. Listen to hip hop the one you get some head on now.


Niggas stupid. Yeah you under 18. Log off south. Oh we back to it. Ain't nobody ain't cutting the lights on bro. That's a ghost. We back to Nickelodeon. I'm telling you. Twitter after dog go to 85 after dog. Man somebody got caught getting hit. The lights cut on. Hey, hey hey what mama doing? She sleep look bad. She sleep. Nah all damn hold up baby. I just breathe. Bitch that shit crazy. It is a lot of hood. Hold that.


Be fucking with they kids on their bed. Shut the fuck up. There's a lot of hood ho that be fucking with they kids on they bed. Don't wake the baby up. Hey they be fucking with they kids on they bed. They kids don't wake my baby up. It's a, it's a lot of hood ho that be fucking with they kids on their bed. You can't rock that little motherfucker like that. You gotta move your hips with ooh somebody about to wake up before you have to deal with it. Okay but I gotta get that coochie do come on and she let me get that coochie raw. That mean ain ain't use no rubber.


God damn. I can't trust even punk up but let do, I went in. I'm about to tell like that here I had to get in. Damn that baby woke up. Fuck that. I can't let him fuck my net up. Shut up man. What is wrong with you? Wow Hood Chronicles. I just realize we got a banner that I downtown. What is that? Well stop putting that hood ass ratchet ass shit.


That ain't even the right banner. Y'all just put buildings. What? What happened? Oh it's a cityscape from Peach Street. It's a club. It's a club backdrop From what Club? 2 85. Every, every hood city got a club. Back in the day there was a club Scorpio or some shit nigga they used to take pictures at the skating rink. But I know that picture man used to make so much money every week. He rich right now. Right now. 10 dealer. How'd you make your money? He was getting 20 all off the photo. You know what I miss though. It was like you remember motherfuckers who was like photographers and shit.


This was a profession that required you to drive a van for some reason. Why the fuck did you need to drive a van to be a photographer? You had you had to use all that equipment. You had to take it with you. It wouldn't even be that much equip. It's just a camera Motherfucker got one camera and a few lid. It just went back. This nigga got a van with no windows and shit. Hey you remember the the sites that they just used to tape pictures in the club and then they would post 'em all on that website. But I used to hate that shit. A TL nightlife or night pics or something nigga. I remember when the polar royal nigga be over there shaking that fucker. You get that picture, you don't like it, you gotta pay another $20. Retake it. Retake it. That nigga made a killing.


He made a killing. Them pictures was high as fuck. Then they were $25 a pop for a for look. Cardboard back sport around there. Everybody got a picture. But this gonna sit up on that mantle forever. Goddamn damn And go on the T-shirt man. But he made a killing boy. He made a motherfucking killing dog because we only had one camera. Man. It weren't two, three niggas in there with no camera. Nope it was one. It better not be, I'm gonna tell you let it be two, three and it not working together. When the nigga had the printer and he was printing them bitches when he started bringing the lady to the club out yo that's when the money started rolling nigga Shit started rolling because at the skating rink that's all you'll see.


You'll hear the music and you will see a flash. That's it. But you gotta imagine that with with liquor. You at the skating rink. Imagine that at the club where You know shit. Me and money got a picture. Me And. I got a few of 'em floating around out there on Manfield. I think it was my idea to go take a picture. I was like hey Lee wanna take a picture? I gonna take a picture. That was our last club picture. Me and him big had backdrop. That shit was high. We used to take pictures with the club like that. With the club back drop. Especially with the one they gotta represent your crew. The money nigga had the money. What are they? The money shit in the back. I know girls used to, they had the money falling from the sky.


The steady background. They might have big What about the car? Big Escalade with the car? Yeah that was before a nigga could get a car. He gonna take a picture with the car back drop. Nigga done airbrushed the Mercedes but the back fucked up nigga did good on the front but the back nigga ain't never had no Mercedes. But you had an air, A air back Mercedes. Oh you got a old ass soul man. You grew up around people that did cocaine. Yo, your music got struggle in it. That shit got heartfelt right there. Yeah, that's that real project pain. That's yo look, niggas came up missing.


Nobody looking for ooh I like that doc. That's that. That's that Wang shit. Shit, that's that Wang shit. You, you woke nigga up with that shit. Not the wedding. He go I can't believe him. They pulled him in the trunk of the car. They went far. Got damn so bizarre. I'm like ooh now it's mama missing them. All of 'em are crying and all of them lying. What's going on TV on in the news number. Bad news cops ran down on all the bad dudes. Shit. It was a crazy crime scene. Yo. But let me tell you what I seen yo. Hey man You know what time it is. It is the powder hour. I was in the crib smoking sour.


There's always one drug head in that motherfucker yo. Yeah, this came up missing. Nobody's looking for 'em. Damn. They did 'em real bad though. It's kind of sad bro. Yo. But we coming off the top the, I'm like did nigga throw a party for the kidnapping? His party time. His party time where he go? They done kidnapped bro. It's party time. Oh Well that's good. Niggas out here not respecting women being foul talking shit disrespecting women.


The queen of the earth. Lemme tell you how much she worth like 899 bazillion dollars. Mm. Talk your shit popping colors selling flowers but not like collie. The game changed when everybody started popping Molly. Oh the bitches ain't fly. They doodoo birds. Ooh, I wanna see who do it first. Ooh I pull up shooting in they hearse. You gotta hear the where it hurts. Don't fall in love with a chicken head. Damn. You better fall in love with some bread. You better fall in love with what you need. Okay, but don't fall in love with the weed. Damn.


Because the money is the friend and the money bring the power. But everybody know because my partner own the so but listen, I'm on the chicken hand so I'm hand but guess what? We throw a party in this mother. Ah nigga throw a party or anything. You was like, I tell them niggas happy nigga party for any reason nigga, but how just blew up. But fuck it, I'm about to throw a party in this motherfucker and they always kick the camera. I don't know what it is. They just kick that motherfucker like boy they lit man. Hand me that light up though. God nigga is stupid bro.


Oh I'm kidding. Go ahead. Might well light it up. Write it up the low. That shit got be high already already bro. This was good weed right here. This was voted the number 16. Highest show. What was, what the fuck? Well who beat this? This is a crack head. Podcasts go crazy. That's actually high. Sliping through the crack. Exactly. Slip it through the crack. Oh we smoking weed so they smoking way stronger than us. They putting that shit on line now. But Welcome to episode 22 of 22 days straight being up. This is the meth hour.


Do some black tar heroin. Get my guess PO brought your bag of hash bro. Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know and there's nothing like


getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you are a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs to relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Kamala Harris was raised by a working mother who instilled in her a passion for justice equality and standing up for your community. That's why as district attorney she pioneered a program to give nonviolent drug offenders a second chance. And as President Kamala Harris will continue fighting for us because rents, groceries and utility bills are still too high, Harris is planning to fix it, build more homes to lower prices and make the wealthy and billionaires pay their fair share in taxes. As President Kamala Harris will always have our backs. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. She's in beef Vfi. 1, 2 3. Clear. I Have a pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on a, B, c and stream on Hulu.


Eminem will be rapping backwards as hell on this one right here. Listen. Hi kids. I'm gonna tell you listen got my eye Lnch but listen, I'm a do that. Listen Mama never really had brought me up then she tore me up and popped heels in the kitchen. Then they alerted me up. Up. Yeah that be pulled to dropped again All white. Ooh. But with sh Paul on them folk. Why about go anywhere? This niggas shoes got hella grip no care. It feel like you everywhere carpet though. You you could park everywhere you walk and feel like carpet. For Real.


You be watching that shit. You going off the building shit. That shit be Nah, I ain't flipping on no building. I ain't stupid. I be watching and see like one of 'em ain't gonna fall. A lot of 'em do. I know but that's some hard shit. Really that's body having told body control. But it's also understanding energy. How to fall and how to jump. Yeah. Physics they just controlling. They fall, they falling. It looks like they climbing they ass off and no nigga you're falling If. you grabbed onto something. You can do it. You could do it If. you understand fidgets and how it works. But If, you thinking like, ah man that shit impossible. It's gonna take motor physics to know how it work because if your ass ain't in shape you dead then the Oh no. The one thing about it, nigga you can have, you can't hold yourself off. You can have great physics but If, you done put too much baby oil on.


You do that little front flip you going going bust your head that shit. Look nigga be doing dangerous shit. You gotta have a rush for that shit though bro. Nigga be jumping off buildings. I remember when I had them jump jumped on the roof at high school 'cause they caught us gambling and it was a little edge like I could have jumped off the building on top of it. All I kept saying was if I don't land on that, it's a wrap. And I know I can do it 'cause I'm physical enough but physics and all that extra shit, one wrong move. It'd been more than just they come to get me and locking my stupid ass up. So you ain't do it? Nah, I hid on top of the roof.


Well you supposed to make that jump. You got some weed on your beard right here. And you wanted me to try my luck to make the jump for the move. I forgot you a jumper for the move. What'd he do? You would've took your onesie off. You like I got some foot. That ass, Hey it looked better. You jumping. No it was no, no. Then you laying down. What it was was I jumped off the roof on the other side where I could literally land it probably like about 40 feet. This shit was like 60, 70 feet. Man I wouldn't tried that shit. Then I had to run and jump on it. But the platform wasn't too big for me to jump on. So if I would've jumped on it, I would've kind of like hit the wall and bounced off the wall and fell off of you see what I'm saying?


So it wasn't no room for me to jump. For real. No, no nigga, I'm going to stay on top of this roof. Ha. Bye nigga made the jump but knocked hisself out. Right. And nobody would've knew I would've been back there. So I'm running from the police. They don't value and value, they don't value the school. That hour at eight o'clock, I'm feeling back. Fucked up. You got me fucked up. I gotta explain why the fuck I can't move and I'm on the ground. What happened? I was on the roof. Nigga threw me off the roof. It ran off. Now you gotta lie.


Nigga grabbed me, took me to the roof and he said nigga say another motherfucking word. And I threw you off this motherfucker And. I said please don't. And then he threw me. That could have worked. You got a lot. How you I jumped off caught gambling on the roof or y'all ran to the roof? I don't, nigga we was, we was in the bathroom bro. We probably like 30 deep my nigga, we was at CRI High School, we was 30 deep. Prince was just walking that bitch. He was like, all right If, you got it on you. They coming so you better flush it. They letting her know that the police coming nigga. Everybody in that bitch scrambling. I'm just like fuck, fuck, fuck, fuck that shit nigga. I lift the window up. And. I jumped on the roof. I really opened up the window so niggas can run off on the roof.


Niggas look at me and like, bro you finna go out there? Hell yeah nigga stay in here and get caught. Let me when they to catch me nigga I jumped on the roof before You know it. It was me like nine other niggas jumped running on the roof. Oh nigga, hey they running behind me and where we going nigga, stop following me nigga. Get the fuck off. Let's go your own way. Now what? Now what? Now what? Stop niggas going back in down man that nigga ain't got no plan man. I said fuck that shit. I jumped out the room but when I jumped off I was like in the cul-de-sac and If. you go to Cri, you'll know it's a, it's the library and like the little foyer with the walk walking area like by the cafeteria.


If you going in no foyer but the only way you go through is through the hallway in the library. So when I jumped in I couldn't even get out the door nigga. It was a teacher looking at me through the window like there the whole time. And, I, And, I went to the door. And I was like, Hey bro open the door. I got, I got something to tell you. I already had it in my mind made up If. you would've opened that door. Get my favor. I'm going out the front door of to school and they going, they just gonna have to find me on the east Side of Atlanta because I'm gonna run through Kirkwood somewhere. I just couldn't get outta school. That nigga just stood right there and the police came and grabbed her And My stupid got kicked outta school. Damn That shit crazy.


You really done it this time. Whit Phil You know that. Oh yeah. His mother full of paperwork. They gave everybody their Paperwork. I know you was on the roof. My Mic, my mic is gone. White man Mike fucking Donkey. You would wear a Donkey Kong shirt around. A whole bunch of niggas. Thank What the fuck they got to do with us. Say that. Don't don't entertain him. Oh shit. About to give him 85 7 T-shirt.


What? The weed. Oh shit. Nigga Low's got them Dr. Peppers over there looking like Bud like Hmm, Crush me, If you Dr. Peppers. You finna go back on the wrong tour ain't you? Yeah you outta there. Hmm. So you outta there might as well. Oh yeah. Who y'all wrong for? He Do Y'all even give a fuck me. You care who got some money?


Who got some money? I don't wanna go for the big candidate for The World but nah man I gotta, I, I can't rock with with your boy. I knew it. You can't do what? Can't rock with your boy. Nah man. They gotta get your boy outta there man. He, he too dramatical but crazy. He too dramatical, he too emotional. That boy run off emotions. He good then he be like, You know What The blacks he like when they start calling up like no don't, don't, don't do that. Alright. But you can say that behind clothes though. Don't say that shit on the microphone nigga. That nigga they asked that nigga you saw the shit they asked him. They said what? What do you consider black jobs? And he was like Jobs that anyone can have no say what you wanted to say.


He did. That was the nicest way he could say it. You know what he wanted to say. You know shit. Y'all do cooking, cleaning. Right. Chugging Jiving. Maybe little baby loves short then Short. Didn't You know? You know do the shit man. The shit your people do with the big lips. But why? But why you gotta label the black duck? See now it is like a nigga can't have a job 'cause it it ain't black. Well but then they try to say all that shit you only got the job 'cause you was of color. That's they new shit. Diversity and all that shit. I wouldn't give a fuck if they say if I was getting my paper and I'm not, I wouldn't prove shit. I would keep me a job if that was the case. Right. If that's the case we should go get some jobs that we know we ain't qualified for.


We should do it. Right. Right. Who they giving 'em to? Because they not, they not give me one If. you are in the position where you can just give Mother I'm not doing shit. I want to be a good ass job. Tell I wanna make $175,000 a year and still be able to do what I do and still and I'm not even coming. I'm a consultant. Yeah. Fuck If. you need a face just to meet the quota. Do You know we can help y'all? We got our finger on the pulse of the culture. I your talk. Oh man I'm down to you. Trying to figure out how to market the black people that ain't got no black people in there. Come on man. I down to get some extra paper but to not do shit. I could put some black folks in there but you ain't just gonna sell us anything. Everything. God damnit You know who control the money.


The Senate. We keep worrying about the president. We need to get a black senate. We get a black Senate. It's on pop always on the pop baby. Nigga that just like getting a club promoter. The owner ain't never here bitch. It's the club promoter. Mm. You know how many parties we can throw until the owner get here. You think? You think that's all I'm saying. Do you think think that we would've been made our money? Do you think that like black people, like not people that's trying to be in politics and don't fuck with it. Mo do you think motherfuckers like, because motherfuckers scam every kind of way. Right? Being a politician seem like it'd be the the biggest scam. Why you don't think it's more motherfuckers in there they scared?


Nah 'cause they don't know the benefits of it. That's all. They don't understand it. They don't, they names people will get it. They don't know how to play it. There ain't nobody there to show 'em. That's all. Both because You know you gotta get in with like, you gotta have like a old uncle or something to really bring you in. For real. For real. I mean but you can win an election easy. Yeah. But you can start off small and win you a little election just charisma shit. You ain't gonna in ain't gonna have any relationships. Right. You not gonna be in but you could get in there just off because if the, if the game is talking shit. Right. I'm in a room with three motherfuckers that I know could God be heads of some kind of state. But you also gotta understand your power position. What are you capable of doing?


Yeah. See they gonna let you in on a little bullshit. You feel me? At first like you'll be like what the what A clerk or some shit Chancellor charges. Not even. Not even the clerk. What the other one? What the district they give you District nine? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Streets. I'm, I'm a representative three. I'm a representative of the Yeah you got three streets. Yeah And them the most immaculate streets get out my face. Hey pick that shit up. You can't even get nobody to kick grass over there. All need is, all you need is them three to get out. I'm gonna cut it. But that's it though. Imma cut it. You can just, you can keep moving. Keep through that like that. We, I gotta coming to cut your grass program. But this the thing though. I told you to cut it didn't I? I tell you what are get started. You can gimme the worst district. Gimme district six. Gimme all of 'em. But gimme, gimme district nine Where the aliens at nigga.


I clean that bitch up. But you are the representation of district six. That's it. Yeah. You can't do nothing. You just TI wanna do shit. No that's what I'm saying. But I represent this so I can, I can make shit appear and happen. You funny. You can't even get shit approved. No we gotta have something to prove you. No, but you get one vote and they trying to get your one. They're trying to sway you. That's what I'm saying. So they gotta get you something to get your vote. But when I say fix the streets, I need y'all to fix the streets. Otherwise I ain't going to give my little three streets. It may not be how you want 'em to be fixed. They may give you a little budget and say you figure it out. We'll fix you got three streets, we'll fix two of 'em. We'll fix two. You got one. You gotta go in your pocket for the other, you got a fundraise and then get, they gonna tell you ain't about driving over there anyway.


Do your street bring us money? Yeah. To what degree? Who's driving? People gotta come through this street every day. It is only residents that's driving. Oh. This where they get fucked up at though. Well You know Crazy thing about this three is we right over here by there. Mercedes-Benz Stadium Station talk your talk. So we ain't got the three streets but guess what? All three of them bitches go right around that stadium. Yes they do. So now we got value. Now you talking now we got little leverage now you gotta know how to go in there and speak. Exactly. And You know since we ain't got but three little streets, they trying to put something on all three streets. We Finn, y'all Finn play ball with us or we fixing text hands.


What you trying to do? Come on now. That's all I'm saying. Every time y'all build something on these little three streets, it is going to tax like a motherfucker. We going up now, now, now we now we eight streets deep. We sitting on goldmine now. Come on man. Because of y'all playing. We done expand and everything but they already want wanna make district three as whole city now people just gotta be on one accord. That's all because the politics make sense. Yeah. You just gotta understand where it makes sense for you and the person that's in politics. You don't have no friends in politics And it's not really saying you don't have no friends. You don't even believe in somebody that can even help the community. You just like man nigga ain't gonna do nothing. He right. You right. He not, he not because you think he not Politics first off means you gotta believe and you also gotta be really into that shit.


A lot of us not into it. Well You know change. You don't have to believe at all. That's what that's the reason. 'cause once they get in there what they believe ain't got shit to do with what they do. Right. Well and plus it take a long time for change to actually happen. Motherfuckers be thinking that shit going to happen right now. Did you They want another stipend. That's why they like Trump that he ain't had nothing to do with that though. They didn't know that. But they don't even understand that he had nothing to do with that. That's all they said there was Trump was out here nigga you was one of those streets shots man. It was a pandemic. It was a global, it was a once in a, we ain't never had no shit where they like hey man don't nobody go nowhere but here goes some money. That's why the inflation so fucked.


But here goes some money though because with nobody that Yeah it couldn't even work. That was the only time nigga actually gave you something. That's why you like that. We weren't working nine months. We ain't work. They came with that stipend. I fucked with em. What we doing if we could not work again and get paid for not working. Didn't do nothing that was in there. That was already in the government. Ain't that was already a plan. They but the motherfuckers collected bill money. Huh? Ain't nobody at work. But the motherfuckers collecting the bill. But this is my only thing. Oh they was giving rent, deferrals all that shit. But this is what I'm trying to all that shit nigga. All my bills were paid. I even asked 'em, I said You know Covid. We, we went, we didn't get a chance to go work.


They said your license on work Covid ain't stop your license on. We don't give a fuck about you if it, we don't care about none of that shit. It is gonna be a bill If, you can't pay this shit. We going to tax your ass. Yeah you can get on a payment plan. But I'm here to tell you this usage that you and your family use it. Somebody gotta pay for it. Somebody gotta pay for that shit. So I hear you coughing and not only is it the same but I need you get better and pay that bill. Not only is it the same price but it is. It is a little more expensive now too. Imagine how bad your fever going be when your AC don't work. Ooh we them cold nights. You know how to sweat. You didn't got no heat. Ooh that shit was crazy.


But that's why I didn't understand when I'm like, but now it's so it it feel like it was so long ago that it didn't even really happen don't it because it's 2024. We technically just got back in You. know what I'm saying? This was the only some of that shit that they put in place ain't even kicked off until this year won't take effect till 2024. 2024 was the only year that they didn't, we didn't secretly have to go back and be like, all right let's shut that down for two days because 2023 we did it like one or two times where they were like, hey man y'all gotta slow down, y'all outside but slow the fuck down 9, 20, 24. They like niggas getting sick and they, they don't buck get sick. And he still ran with Covid, Noah, Lowes?


Yeah. Allegedly. I don't know. Allegedly he lost and then said he had it. He started coughing. I don't know. But then he went to the after party. Nah, he left. He went to the after party. I don't know if he had it and then he got Right. But they tried to make it seem like he had it and still ran. Yeah, I saw him in a wheelchair at one point being wheeled out. I said oh this he now I wasn. I know I tell one right now. That cold shit ain't no hole. Man. I'm glad that shit damn. The old whip man. It's got Is it? I remember when you had it. I had it full time. Yeah but then I got vaccinated. You was coughing and and shitting on yourself at the same No I wasn't attack. You sneezing S was sneezing and shit.


Yeah, it wasn't even shit though. It was just like I doubt greased. No he accident. He accidentally wiped his nose and blew his hands. I ain't kidding on myself. He had that grease leaking out. Hey one thing I can't tell you. It make your B that shit make your bowel movement loose boy. Why is my shit greasy? Fuck greasy. That shit watery. Ah and it come out. It come out the wrong hole. Rap though. Rap though. If. you say oh, oh hold up. You you say letter O and loosen up the muscles Say oh, oh, oh shit.


Yeah that shit had it. Yeah boy that shit was so serious. Dope. Yeah DC shit on himself when he had Oh I damn bro. I keep saying that shit. That nigga gonna be like Hey man you alright nigga gonna be seeing me And. I heard that Kobe had your shit on you. No these folks bro. Man man you good. Get away from me. Hey that boy low crazy. How they gonna start it off when they see me? That boy low Logan had to a out like that. Hey man it's true. Did I on myself? No it did not. No. Hey even after hey washed his pants and shit. He still had the little shit grease put out in the middle.


Who gonna take that shit on that man? Man you gotta put some baking so on that to get that out. Oh that's terrible bro. Yeah that shit had you then. Yeah it it it. That's just one part of it. I ain't even know that was part of it. Yeah that's how I ain't know that's the first stage that lets You know If. you got it. Not you like oh okay I think I'm sick because this shit ain't solid at all Man. You brought up that your boy no lives. Y'all watch them Olympics just a little bit jump up with it to a degree. Yeah it kind of turned me off a little bit. But y'all thought about that breakdown. That breakdown was some bullshit.


I don't know what the fuck that lady would do it. Why they we in why they do that though? Like why they win in? But that's the thing with the Olympics, they surprised us. They didn't, they we know only about the races until they were like we got some extra shit for y'all that but we got ping pong got break dance P Pong been in there but ping pong was co that ain't p ping cold. That ain't ping pong. That's table tent. That table 10 was off the table table. Them nigga was like yeah and then got niggas like yeah they do. They do the look they they throw it up and then he hit it with the look. With the look they got Little can't get right there. Them every one them nigga. And then from there now he got Cap Cap but when he started off he throw it up and you can lemme tell you so he hit it with Aple, he put it right on game and then he take the box.


Motherfucker had a paddle on him. Man they going crazy. I seen the nigga he had that he gotta hit him with the little arm though. He had hit that motherfucker. That shit went so far back. That nigga hit that motherfucker. That bitch still went on the other side of the table. Yeah, I said he had fool stand on they feet. Yeah. Wonder how many they get paid. It ain't about the money, it's just knowing that you one of the baddest motherfuckers in The. World And it probably depend on the country. 'cause if your country, if it's popping then it's probably big money in that shit to You. know what I'm saying? I tried to do that shit. You it work but it don't. It don't work for real. You gotta get it down. I so that motherfucker went crazy with that pack tape 10 chain.


That surfing was crazy. That shit wasn't even impaired. That shit was in Tahiti surfing. I don't like how they treating the black folks over there in Tahiti. In in Paris. What they did? What going on man? They they done talk took old girl Lil Bronze medal. Oh yeah they took. Oh why they tell you? What was the explanation? You know they took that shit. They tried to say they did the dispute or some shit. They said something about the qualification of how that shit came about. Seen, seen do it because they tried to. What she do? They tried to dispute something, a score or something 'cause you can do that. But then when they disputed it, it placed her in third place and then the other people like all right well she wanna dispute, I'm gonna dispute too and that shit knocked up back off. No all that shit.


No. Yeah they treating everybody fucked up over there. Chicago going crazy. The one thing I like about watching the Olympics though is you could just talk shit to other countries for no goddamn reason. Like you better not let this French bitch beat you. Yep, yep. And You know they watch it the same way. Fat and You know. I bet secretly white people watch it and they be happy when they see a white person win a race. Like even if it's another country, hell they be ruo come on a middle cop, let's go. This bitch would, that shit was them long races.


The women were going so crazy. But they got some beautiful women across them countries bro. They were going, they was, they turned up. Shout out to all the women that did they thing some countries only sent like two people. They you gotta figure out what and they do everything. You gotta figure out what your country good at. You gotta figure out are you even good enough to go. They don't even about that no more. 'cause the United States ain't win shit and shooting. Well you can't fuck with buddy. Yeah You know buddy who wasn't using the goggles or none of that. Yeah he was cold. That was just somebody fought who was on the couch flipping his ball. He was a Turkey dude. He so they had the air pistol shooting shit. Right. Target.


Most motherfuckers got head set. I mean ear covers eyesight glasses. This motherfucker came out there with his regular glasses. Sure ain't tucked in. Then just got his hand in his pocket, busted silver metal. He got silver metal. Who? I go, I don't know somebody with all the equipment in the goddamn world. Laser sight and goddamn Yeah you couldn't beat my eye. Laser 360. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. They got all type of little assistance and shit. He was out there. He said I know I ain't know how to motherfucker back here. These shoots a long time, long time. My shoots like the swimming shit was good too.


Swimming was crazy. Yeah. Somebody had done lost they life in the, in the the cross country swimming thing. Oh, when they got sick Uhuh? He, it was like, no, something in the, in the, it was like, like a, a obstacle course type thing. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. The, the shit in the water. It is in the water. But he didn't get shit. It like his body had done cramped up on him. No. As he was swimming and shit because they, they was doing a whole lot of shit and people were going to swim to go get him. Nigga, what was that shit? What they had to swim in that nasty ass lake with all the, all that shit in it. Them people were getting, they talking about they was go clean it up. I don't think they did. People they found about it. The people who were protesting, they winning shit in it.


Yeah. They, they was trying to fuck it up more. They said we gonna clean the river up by the Olympics. These niggas said like, hell, you will. But then the thing though, everybody shit in that bitch, I got Covid. So everybody get your ass over there. Hang your ass in the water. So did everybody bring their tissue? Nah, they didn't even, they just shitted it and put they clothes in the water and then wipe and wipe their ass. On the, on the rip air dry. They air dry? Hell no. That happened. Hell no. Where was that? In France? Yeah. Damn. The sign the same France? What, what that is? The Yeah, Paris.


Paris had e Yeah, they been cheating like a motherfucker though. Man. They cheated a few Americans at they medals. Damn. Fuck they was fucking with Steph Curry wife and shit. What you mean? Some shit? They wouldn't let her get back to where she was supposed to be at. Well you gotta let the chef wife cook. Come on man. She is chef too because are they both Chef Curry's? Because she really a chef, ain't she? Yeah. He just cooking motherfuckers on the court. She real life. Yeah, but she look, so they both, they got chef. If I call her chef, like if I said Chef Curry, both of them, they sell basis. She got Chef Curry pots. She got her own pots and a cookie. But she, chef, I'm saying her, she Chef Curry.


She's chef. So If you say Chef Curry bro, four 'em turn around? Yeah, they, no, I mean if it is one Chef Curry, then that's just what it is. Oh, you think she, oh, so you're saying she just Chef Curry wife? Nah, she got chef. I ain't saying that's all she is. I'm saying since he's Chef Curry, like they hold family chefs. Not unless they chefs. What do they cook? Because all of 'em cooking. What do the kids cook? They cooking to a degree. I don't know. I, I'm not, I'm not trying to, I don't know. The kids kids they cooking too? Yeah, they cooking because they chefs, chefs little press conferences and shit. Okay. You right. So they all, so it's a house. It's a house full of chefs. There's too many chefs in the kitchen.


Man, they going crazy. There's too many chefs, man with spatulas. Okay. The whole family is known as the chef Curtis. That's why If, you was to say Chef Curtis, all of 'em will turn around. Right, right. And they got a dog named, named Shery. His name Shery Shery. He's a part of the Curry. Yeah. Shery Curry. Yeah, he's a Shery. Shery Curry. Who? Chef Ray.


Chef Ray. Hey man, you stupid bro. On him. Real on him? Yeah. Most definitely. But that's how it be though. Bring got a little cook. He took that bitch out the refrigerator. I know that bitch busted peanut butter cup. But listen to me. Do they still make Reese's pieces? Yeah, that's why I put it in the refrigerator. Oh, okay. I ain't seen the Reese's Pieces since Reese's pieces. They still got Reese's peace. Damn. I feel like that's a, I feel like Reese's Pieces is the M and MSS that went to jail. Wow. Can't I can't explain it. And I won't. I feel that nigga pack with peanut butter.


Shut up. I see that. That the Eminem that went to jail. Reese's Pieces. Fuck y'all love Eminem ass nigga. It sound like it sound like a gang too. We the Reese's Pieces nigga. You snickering. We gotta figure out who Yellow one the bitch, the red one. The bitch. We gotta figure out who Reese is. Hey Mike and Ike. Fuck him up. Milky Wade. The three Musk Baters Biz hoes. Hey man, y'all cut that foolishness out. Mind your business. Jolly Rancher. All that jolly shit.


Mr. Goodbar looking for a payday. Oh, it was all good until they called us some Snickers.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Kamala Harris was raised by a working mother who instilled in her a passion for justice equality and standing up for your community. That's why as district attorney, she pioneered a program to give nonviolent drug offenders a second chance. And as President Kamala Harris will continue fighting for us because rents, groceries, and utility bills are still too high, Harris is plan to fix it, build more homes to lower prices, and make the wealthy and billionaires pay their fair share in taxes. As President Kamala Harris will always have our backs. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for President.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past, our dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1 Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson's. Your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in beef head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a Pulse. You're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey Thursday's nine eight Central on a, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Well that's funny bro. Oh you used to do, I remember I used to put this shit in my, on my teeth. For what? The trick people act like I ain't have no teeth. You stupid. What is wrong? Hey man, you do this. I got kid that one time you like Miss. I was like her. She like take that out Jamal. I was like, I can't. You dumb as hell man. That look like you don't have no teeth. For real. I told you, you stupid to get on my teacher nerve bro.


I think my teacher was bipolar and she used to make me like do shit and then send me to the principal office after I do it. She like, John, look at his shoes. I was like, yeah. And she fucked up baby. She was like, go to the principal office. I was like, what the fuck? What the fuck was that? Now I gotta explain why I'm in the principal's office. I go, I used to get sent up in there. I just act like they told me to tell 'em something. What you doing in here man? Nothing. They just want me to come down here and tell you great job y doing. Fucked up. I fucking, especially if it's like brown about fourth period or whatever period.


You got lunch right before walk. So goddamn slow and just go to lunch. That's it. I'm gone. The beginning of lunch always felt like it's gonna be a long time until that last little 10 minutes. You like, damn, we already here. Gotta go back motherfucker. But did you ever eat spaghetti at school? If. you did. You ain't, you didn't get her and cook meal up. I always felt like spaghetti was the most overlooked meal on the school. Lunch menu. It was. That's it, man. Like nobody wanted it but everybody ate it. It was smooth. It was decent. Everybody was full that day. Yeah because that's the only shit they gave you a lot of. Like there's a lot of guys, everybody was full. I can't fuck with this spaghetti.


Like what they cooking. You look, gotta look at somebody else plate. You don't even have to look. You can smell that shit at at 10 o'clock in the morning. He, he, yeah, they cooking spaghetti today. We had the one spot make burgers and stuff every day. And then You know they make a lunch and then there was one other lane with like pizza, but it was all cheap shit. Ooh, you had a fancy school. No it wasn't, that shit was not fancy. Them goddamn school burgers was, it was the bullshit pizza. That school burger? Yeah. Man. What happened to the square pizza that they used to stir? Bro? That was the best shit in The World. That shit aint had pizza sauce on and shit. Gra little pu piece? Yeah, it had gravy on it. Man. That shit was so busted.


The recipe put gravy on that bit. If, you get somebody that cook that bit. Right, right. Like they ain't overcook it. The sausage don bitches go crazy. The little sausage one boy. What? The square one take up the whole middle part. And then when you see, when you coming in line, then you see oh, it's a fresh rat. You see her spinning it around, trying to figure out which side she gonna cut first. Oh   you like, ooh, I ain't never want the dark skinned one. Can't have a dark skin side. I ain't want that. So can I get that one right. Can you spin it around one more time? Don't start it there. Don't start there. Shit. That's facts. I I, I ain't never want that. That slightly brown one. I let a motherfucker cut me just like when the mean lunch lady.


No, go ahead. Go ahead. You wanna get in front of me fool. I act like I'm about to talk to somebody so you can get the new shit. Excuse me. Yeah, go on and get in front of meat. Got to get me a milk. Let me get a milk. Anybody who drink chopped strawberry milk. They, they, they're a serial killer. Anybody that drink strawberry milk from school right now. Look at they life. I don't know. They are serial killers. I don't want know them because you gotta think about it. It'll be a lot of motherfuckers grabbing the vanilla and then it'd be a couple motherfucker grabbing that chocolate. Who just like milk? Nah, I random. Fuck for the juice. Them juices was nasty too. You see that random weird motherfucker just grab strawberry. Ooh, I like strawberry.


You like Yeah, you the only nigga out of 4,000 kids, they eat strawberry. They keep buying it just for you. Only you, it's only, we only got one carton. You got me fucked up. That's crazy though. Motherfuckers was drinking milk in the middle of the day with lunch claiming that you would getting vitamin D Do that shit right now. In your adult life. You shit, you shit right now for two weeks you'll be shit. You, you just feed yourself bowl of cereal at 1230. I say yeah, go milk. Get a whole lunch and have a milk with it. When you ever went to Pizza Hut when you was a kid and be like, yeah let me get a milk with my pizza.


Get a milk get get your, not no milkshake with a burger milk. My daddy drink milk a lot though. He was a milk nigga. Just straight up milk. It wasn't that. He just got, he gotta have a glass of milk. Whatever he got, he gotta have a glass of milk. Everything he eat hot wings, glass of milk, glass Milk. Shut the Up man. Oh we'll be at Waffle House. He know what you want today Mr. We no, let me just get a glass of milk, a glass. I'm like what the fuck? Shut the fuck up. He 72. You want a glass of milk? He eat fried fish and a glass of milk now daddy got damn. That's crazy. Papa got damn.


Get him a the hand brown. Get him some sausage there, give him a fucking milk. Full milk breakfast. Part of a balanced breakfast. Nigga did like two 30. I'm like, but it two 30 afternoon my boy. You drinking some milk, your stomach gonna be okay and you finna go mow the lawn after this. Oh well you crazy. Yeah you tripping with your shirt tuck. Then You Can't have no goddamn milk. He yeah, the long be net You know. Back then they was making the long bee net. That shit coming back right here. Shit. Touch his name. That Nigga heart is out.


I'm telling you bro. Nigga both nipples halfway exposed. I'm telling you I can't do the milk shit. Damn. Fuck no milk in the middle of the day though. Just have some milk with your food. You a wild boy. Facts. You a wild boy. Milk. Milk no milk nigga. No, with the sun out with the sun. Hot days too. Hot day. You even go outside drinks man. All right. You asking for it? The only time I drink anything really milk related is fucking cereal, desserts and desserts and, and holiday season eggnog. And I'm putting some, I ain't gonna lie, some, some drink in it. I'm a craving it for Chick-fil-A cookies and cream milkshake.


Okay. That milkshake different though. That's some shit that you, but that's just, that's it going hurt in two weeks. But I eat it now what point is that then you just have a whole day where you don't do shit but fart on yourself. Scare yourself the whole day. Thinking you about to shit on yourself. Oh that one stomach ground. Let You know it's coming. You like, man, I knew. I said I might well on finish it now. Shit. I'm shit anyway. What, when your fart wake you up asleep and that shit. Wake your ass up. You Oh nigga, you, you done fart yourself by sleep.


God, I, I gotta get, I gotta get in there. Your shit let loose ain't on it own. Huh? Hey get up. Huh? Put that on. No more sleeping in this house. Wake your ass up my boy If. you don't get up. I got so put your ass. I don't think I ever put it out my sneak there go. Yeah. Shit. Hell no. Some old nigga shit right there. Just gotta know when to risk. Now I done far it before I went to sleep. Like on some. All right.


Like you laying down they be like you going, you going, you gonna lay through that my No, you might wanna get up. Don't try to sleep that one though. Ran the cover. You can't sleep that one though. Mm. You got shit before you go sleep. Get up. You gotta, oh yeah. You gonna get back in that shower. Yeah. Shit so long. By the time you get done it's time to wake up anyway. Bro. Lemme tell you something. I done got to the point where you have to get in the shower after that. I ain't gonna just taking the shit and then get right back up. It just can't happen. You, you just, you put on your clothes. Nah, nigga gotta change out outfit. Oh boy. You a nasty Dicka boy.


You still taking baby shits? Oh you just boo boo. Oh you, you just dropped a little turn. Turn okay. Oh you got, we fucked up but I gotta shower boy. We been outta here. Hey man, what you got going on Clay? What y'all got going on? I know y'all battling the road. Yeah man, back to we got some show I gotta go to. What New York this weekend? Gotta go to Battle Road. Most shit coming up man. Getting Nashville everywhere. Go Nashville? Yeah. Where you at? The club?


Everywhere. Yeah. Most shit popping Michael Banks the shit on BET. You at Zaist? Yeah. Pop your shit. That shit on BET pop this shit. It was on BET plus before bro. Yeah. Go watch that shit. Oh it's back on. Yeah it is on BET now. Regular BET. You own the show? Yep. So yeah man, same old shit. Same old shit. Just a different day dog Working hard in the motherfucker man. That's what we all do have man. For the kiddo. We got you gangsters. You know this. Yeah, You know what time deal me. What time is that about to do?


Huh? Smoke this blood. Roll it through the face and get stuck. About to go. Huh? Come on, smoke this. Come on. Roll this face in who? Snap. We got some girl snap so that, that shit was sassy as head. It was like it was like snap, snap, snap. I like what the fuck Nigga said two snaps up. You were like snap, SAS ass snaps Man put your hand in the dirt and snap your fingers man. Well go off, snap your fingers and do your stab.


Okay. You can do it all by your step. That nigga away in his hands. That nigga does. You need to rub your hands off first. DC, what's the cowboy movie? You got Outlaw? Come on positive. Yeah, it's on Amazon Prime man. Oh you ain't call no vpe. Sell your entertainer. Whoopi Gold Bird. You know. I mean had to go out there and play me a cowboy right quick. The fuck them folks up. What Whoopi Gold Bird talking about? I ain't meet 'em. Oh shit. It wasn't the one she had done just left You know how they always whoop whooping just left whooping just left whooping cool though.


I ain't nothing good shit about him. Oh okay. You had to do, you had to do your own horse ride. Oh hell yeah. How was that? I was taking my horses and and and riding them off with shit on, on my own. Hell yeah. You know I ride horses. What we gotta do man we gotta start recording this shit showing how talented we are because they think that we some fools and all we do is talk shit on stage. But nigga I a different nigga. Huh? You gonna show 'em your horse riding skill? Yep. I'm gonna show these nigga that I know how to say Yeehaw. Get that motherfucker across us. Yeehaw. I ain't know you rode horses. This is a motherfucker that's been asking us to come to the farm and ride some horses.


Well when I tell you about it what I got? It's a black dude. He he horses. What? Yeah, that's a nigga I been trying to meet. What me? My partner said that nigga put me on the stallion. I'm about to go and try to reach me. Imma dial. Hey y'all do the ugly baby. You bug around you ain't no one with that shit ain. Yeah. Can't drink no milk at two 30. Okay. Oh. Your shit going to be hurting. Well you nigga said his daddy drinking milk at two 30 bro. I thought that shit was normally for us papa. But listen, my daddy You know you remember?


Did he get a refill bro? Yes bro. You remember how the the refrigerator looked off baby kid when em nigga open that bitch just like a little ro in that motherfucker bro. How my daddy refrigerator look no food. He ain't cooking. He ain't, he ain't on that stove. Good shit. That nigga a real man. He'll look at you and be like, see you need a woman in here to be on that stove ain't getting on that stove. You go to J Cricket get a glass of milk Jr get us a glass of milk. 10 glass of he was a chucker man. He like any truck stop type shit boy he'll go get a chili dog. That how he used to order that get a chili dog.


They was like sir you want a hot dog with chili on it? I said lemme get a chili dog. I like this nigga is so old can't tell him shit. What? You know what he want man. Well guys you get that age you gotta get, you dig what I'm saying? I guess The World is about to come to an end is it? No. No. Shit. I mean for this day it is. Get it. But You know. I thought you meant the whole, I said what You know they had a The. World gonna come to ain't gonna be like you just gonna hear a voice. G's gonna be like y'all nigga scared ain't you? I just feel like one day you just gonna wake up. You be in line.


Gonna be in line. You be like wait a minute. Yeah that's it. This what everybody been talking about. Man that shit crazy. He gonna be looking low where you get here because the you just woke up? Yeah we you standing in line the more questions you going to ask. We gotta work. And they said we ain't gotta work And I just talked to my partner. My partner said we have to work up this bitch nigga gonna be there be like hey boy You know show. And so they went to hell. Hey heard from Repent trying to lie like they ain't in hell no. No. I stay in south, south. Heavy South heavy niggas in South Heavy.


It ain't really hot in South. You can feel it but it ain't really hot. I mean it was right down there but it ain't down there. It ain't down there. It's still up there. It like Georgia. But You know. You know we stayed together. You know how it's like Florida it hot in Georgia like I'm in Thomasville. Right. It is hot, hot real nigga. Shit. I'm about, I'm about, I'm about an hour, probably about about 45 minutes to an hour from here. Okay, so You know where you come in, you come in the gates right And you bust that right to go. You You know the the pallet don't bust that. Right. You bust the left. Right. It's a bunch of clouds and they little, they little stormy clouds gotta keep driving through Bus that keep going and keep riding.


You good. You riding your halo gonna start going in If. you don't see your name on the list. Don't sweat. Don't because You know he a awesome guy. He still show favor. You can't give up like you going to hill. He'll show you favor. You'll go If you want to go, he'll show your favor but you gotta act like you going to heaven. He'll let you ride the elevator. Where you say you at? Where you at now? Just keep coming down. Just keep coming down, keep coming down. Shit gonna start looking back normal like we alive again. Just keep coming back as soon as you see that get ready to turn you stupid bro. Nah they they not no demons. They not demons. They ain't no demons that listen man.


They security guard. Listen listen they out there all the time though. I'm just letting You know they security car they gonna fuck with you. Don't look at it. It gonna start unraveling. Don't look at man. I don't think we made it man. You know we can do whatever we want to outta our way bro. They ain't be tripping on nothing. We can do firework all that shit. We can just, why it's so hot man I couldn't take this when I was alive man. It's gonna be some water boil. They ain selling water. They said hot water boiling hot water boil hot. They throw it in your face. They like hey big bro water, they'll throw it on your hands man this hell bro.


Shit. I thought you said you live about 45 minutes from hell no. I said I told well you live 45 minutes from heaven in south. I told you you go 18 lights right past the pearly gate. Right. But you go get on the interstate but you supposed to go in the per gate though. Can't pass it. Look it's Heaven County but I live in, I got heavy zip code. I got zip code. I pay taxes. My zip code 7, 7, 7 7 Ain't got no I do got a 6, 6, 6 area code. But that's only because they ran outta numbers.


They ran outta numbers. Listen it's like four. Oh if I down there when you get to t T-Mobile down by my house. All the area codes is 6 6 6. Yeah. Y'all in hell my boy. Y'all in here. Do y'all rejoice? Do y'all rejoice on Sundays? No. Yeah you in hell yeah. We, we You know we rejoice. We we try to, we go where y'all get y'all pizza from Lucifers. That's just 'cause it's close Sundays when we go, when we go bike ride they talking about Sundays we go bike ride. Yeah.


I don't think you made it my boy. You on fire now? Nah, nah Nigga riding no motorcycle steak house. They got the steakhouse right up the way. Hell's Kitchen. Yeah. Oh you ain't made? Yeah nigga. Stupid bro. Nigga be in hell the whole time. But you still might be in heaven and you might not be in that good part. You wasn't that good. You get there. You gotta work. You gotta work, you gotta work. Your grandma up there live in Florida. You ain't ghetto. Your grandma, your grandma boss. Yeah your grandma up there old baby. I'm so happy to see you go get that shit. Like they told me like they told you you gotta be obt now. You should have did the shit from grandma. I told you. I told you. Hey baby come here.


I'm the one got you here. Yeah I I'll be the one that gets you. I'm the one I still pray for you now. I had a favor. Oh yeah I nigga dumb hell on boy. Damn. Yeah The. World is Finn in. You see what I'm saying? 28, 20 20. All man let's go do these ads. What they at ads? Yeah ad number one Look pull up. You already know man. How we doing nigga? Shut up. Just bring your bitch ass. You already know. No for real. Bring your bitch a no cap. I'm talking about your bitch not you. Your bitch A here we go.


Ooh yeah, no g Colin Kaepernick said he still trying to get in the NFL. Why? I don't wanna stay it's over with but man it is. Nah it's been over with. It's never over. How long that been? That been about six years. It been over with over years. I ain't saying that it over with. It just them folk. They not gonna break the code. They not what? It's too late. They not gonna, if they do it now. When he had that one shot that that I think they was gonna go ahead. If he would've did the right way they probably was just gonna give em something and just, just to, just to do it to save face man that, but I think, I think it would probably, I don't wanna say it just the knee, it probably more to it than the knee.


Oh it is. There ain't them folks only blame it on the knee. I'm like man he ain't cutting nobody out. That's What I'm saying. 20 16, 20, 24, 8 years. It's a rap. What we talking about? Yeah, the average NFL career don't even last that long. What and what he been doing? The NFL career ain't been like what three, four years? Five He writing. He he getting to it. But no, I wish him the best. I wish he would've went back to the NFL but it's like they not breaking that code at eight year. They know they just went and paid the nigga guaranteed money off the injury list.


Gave that nigga a get will contract. They told that nigga, Hey man get will baby they that shit crazy bro. I know it just ain't only the knee my nigga. And they understood why he was kneeling. It ain't the knee it deeper than that. No, they tried to turn it into everything else just like they always do. They still trying to flip everything into You, know what I'm saying? Right. Damn that man can't succeed in this country. God damn. What the fool they want from me. Y'all saw Tracy Ellis Ross with her titties out. What? She had them boobs out but they was covered up. Tracy Ross? Yeah man.


What she had a titties tie and not four? Yeah she just covered up the nipple. Oh okay. I want the nipple load then. I knew. I know Nipple Lode then. Yeah I want the nipple Lode team had the social media and going in a frenzy though. Huh? You pretty She social media and a frenzy. I fought with Tracy. She cool. Tracy beautiful. Yeah she definitely beautiful. She's gorgeous. Absolutely. If she sold some little You know I fought with Tracy. She solds some little ariola snacks. She be selling little snack showing a commercial. For what? Chips. For real? I want see. Alright. That's freaking I'm sorry Ola snacks. I'm sorry boy. You said this shit with so much conviction.


Ain't that I was like, I was like hey I think she has some Ola snacks. Okay. I'm like, did I hear that right? You gonna find that hilarious. Listen, wow. You know what? Maybe I need something. Sometimes you gotta think outside the box. Sometimes you just got outside the box. Yeah. Ola outside. I would like some Ola cookies though. We just came up with a commercial. Sometimes you gotta think outside the box. Boom, cut off. That's too much. You get some Ola cookies and call 'em brown parts. Brown parts. Brown parts. That sounds like some, some some fart shit. Brown parts. Oh, brown parts. You know just chocolate nipple.


Oh okay. Circles? Mm. Chocolate nipple circles. Remember them little cookies with the big Hershey drop in the middle. I know somebody You know. I know somebody just like that Nickelodeon Big Sandy cookie with a big chocolate. The grocery store chocolate chip. It was like a Hershey's Kiss chocolate. Yes. Yes. I know what you're talking about. I know. Talking about, yeah, those are some good shortbread cookies, man. With pierced nipples. What? I did used to eat them. Freaky. See in the brown. In the brown. That should be a ashamed. In the blue, in the blue container. Craig sit up there ass man. What we got? Add 'em up.


You surprised who? Who? Who are they? Mine are DC. I gotta do one. Oh no, I forgot my kgo. Oh no.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content. Like iHeartRadio Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe. Setting smart light strips to syn your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you make your dorm the place to be with Roku TVs, streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.


Hi, this is pro football player, DeMar Hamlin. You probably know my story about perseverance and never giving up. That's why I joined the team at don't quit protein drinks. Whether I'm training hard on the field or in the gym, don't quit. Helps me recover with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and with none of the artificial stuff, don't quit. Protein drinks also taste great. They are not chalky and have no bad aftertaste. My signature line of cookies and cream is my absolute favorite. Get yours now at Amazon


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You, know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. You can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Max Bankman. I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard The Odyssey. A BC Thursdays Ca ship is heaven. We're attending to our pass for our dreams. I'm In from 9 1 1. Executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in V Head. 1, 2, 3. Clear. I have a pulse. You're going to Be okay. Dr. Odyssey. Thursdays nine eight Central on A, B, C. And stream on Hulu.