
Okay. You say, I want some breakfast. Your so-called Boyfriend says, we got eggs in the fridge. Obviously, when you say breakfast, you mean McDonald's. Definitely a side eye situation. Bring home the bacon steak patty or others with a BOGO for $1 breakfast only in the app. Limited time only at participating. McDonald's valid once a day must opt into rewards. Visit Micd app for details


During the summer when the weather gets hot. I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or on your couch with that AC blasting at and T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes. Whether you're sharing pics from a Rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert, or streaming your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home Internet at T 5G requires compatible planning. Device cover's not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you.


At public.com. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Negar. We are The Breakfast Club. Now If, you just joining us. We'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're talking about everything that went on this weekend, the assassination, the rhetoric. Some people believe that it was staged. It definitely wasn't staged. And, and, and there's no need for us to, to keep saying that. Like I, like I said, during Donkey today, we shouldn't be saying that this is staged. We need to be talking about how this is very real and You know, political violence is very real and what happened to Donald Trump is very real. And we can't fix the problem if we don't acknowledge the truth. And the truth is You know the type of dangerous rhetoric that has been spewed. You know by, by, by President Donald Trump.


You know. And, and, and MAGA is what leads to these kind, this type of political violence. And it's actually very disingenuous You know. That's why I gave You know House speaker Mike Johnson and JD Vance Donkey today. It's disingenuous to say things like You know. It's the rhetoric of Democrats and people calling You know Donald Trump, a threat to democracy that led to something like this. And everyone needs to tone down this. Their rhetoric. No. The only person that needs to tone down their rhetoric is President Donald Trump. Which is probably why he's changing his speech. You know at the Republican National Convention You know this Tuesday, you cannot honestly have a conversation about dangerous rhetoric that leads the political violence without discussing the dangerous rhetoric that has come outta President Donald Trump's mouth and his social media. Yeah, there's so much to discuss and we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051.


I just think it's crazy that You know violence can erupt over who you wanna vote for. Growing up as a kid, we never talked about politics as far as who we voted for. We talked about politics and we listened to both sides. But it was one of those things where you went into that box and you voted and you kept it to yourself. But now it seems like it's at a point right now, regardless of what sides you are, people feel a way about it. Yeah. If, you decide to vi to vote Biden people are mad If, you decide to vote Trump. People are mad and and not just mad because we should be able to vote for who we wanna vote for, right? We should, we should be voting for our best interest. But people are, they want to kill you depending on who you're voting for, which seems crazy to me. They wanna cancel you for who you're voting for, which seems crazy to me.


We need to get back to a point where we can have conversations and it ain't a violent conversation You know what I mean? Yeah. One, one thing that I, I seen online that, that I kind of was like, Hmm, that makes sense. We look at the Secret Service with all the secret service security guards that they had out there yesterday. This young man, 20 years old, who was pretty much a novice, right? He was, he wasn't militarily trained. He, he was in a gun club. He was 20 years old, got up on that roof. People were pointing him out, still was able to take shots at the, at the president. Now do y'all, would y'all feel comfortable the fact that Secret Service who are trained organizations, they should be knowing what they're looking for and doing all of that to protect the president. Would you feel comfortable with teachers carrying guns that don't have the same training to be looking for the same thing? Would y'all feel comfortable with that?


That I, the reason I don't like that I, I heard people say that the reality of the situation is Secret Service got that dude outta here within seconds, But he he shouldn't have even been able to do that Though. Yeah, but that, but my point is, if a kid, if somebody comes in the classroom with a gun, And, I don't even know why we're having this conversation. But if somebody comes into the classroom with a gun and they shoot Right, and somebody takes them out immediately, that's what you would want. Yeah. But Secret Service is supposed to avoid the problem. Like that's what the scan was. The scan is supposed to be, when they come out with the snipers and everything, they're supposed to be scanning stuff. Right. And you would understand if, if it's a malicious, somebody trained, but this was a 20-year-old kid that climbed on the roof that people see, like people point 'em out. So with that said, the teachers shouldn't be the first line of defense.


They should have something at, at the school. Oh, I'm security that stops people from coming into the school. I'm with your thousand. So that's what, that's what their, their job is to like If, you scan area. Right. Make sure nobody gets in here with nothing. Correct. And If, you do get in here with something and you try to do something. Now the second line of defense is the, the Secret Service. I mean, that's what I, I, I don't know. I don't, I didn't understand the comparison between the Secret services, the teachers in the classroom. That sounded strange to me. I didn't get that. I not from you. I just saw people saying that And I was like, I don't understand the correlation you're trying to make here. Well, Let's go to the phone lines. A lot of people on the line. Hello, what's your name? E and D, C. All right, brother. What, what's your thoughts? You know brother Charlemagne King Charlemagne just spoke so eloquently.


I can't even follow that. So he was gonna say exactly. He said exactly what I was going to say. I say his brother Malcolm said it back in the day, chickens come home to Ruth. And life is real simple. You live by the Golden rule. Anything you put out is energy in return. It's really that simple. You sneak into existence, the power of the tongue. We take it back to hip hop to you got a label called Bad Boy Record. Look what happens to the bad boy. You got a label called Death Row Record. Look what happens on Death Row. You got a label called Cash Money Record. You got a Lil Wayne, Dick and Dre speaking to. That's it. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this?


Hello. Hey, how's it going? What's your name? Can you Hear me? Louis? I'm from Florida. Hey, what's what's your thoughts, Louis? Sorry. So I, I just dial in the questions in general over the entire environment and why wherever we are, right? Yeah. So I personally think then that I, I blame a lot of this on the media, right? Because I think rather than informing us and helping us make decisions and telling us the facts, they're riling everybody up to each other side. And it seems like that's where they're making their money, right? So then you have people that watch either Fox or CNN or Ms.


NBC. And when they turn off the tv, they're more inReach than they were. So rather than just being informed about something and, and, and, and getting the facts, they're actually more emotional when they started watching whatever it was, right? Because we have, we have people that either like every, where we're each in our own teams, right? And the people that are in the middle that are just trying to be informed really have nowhere to go, right? Other than like show like you guys, right. That like how it is, or like, you may add your opinion to it and at the end of the day, you also give the facts, right? And then it's like, okay, well let you make your choice. But I think that once turn off the TV you actually start talking to people.


Most people agree at the table, but a lot of what's going on, I think is on the media's end because they actually rally you to one side or the other. Right? And, and And I got lot, a lot of friends that I have actually You know, coming raised by, just listen to whatever the media pud, So you want, you, you want to hear more about, you think we need more balanced discussions? More, more sides need to be talking with each other and not at each other, is what you're saying? Yeah, 100%. I, I, I would, in terms of the media itself, like I turn it immediate to be informed, right? I, I don't wanna really hear too much of your opinion. Just tell me what the facts are. And I'll make up my mind. But I don't think that we have too much of that, except for a few places I got you.


Where you have a balanced conversation where If you have a panel. Yeah. You have someone that leans up, then you also have someone that leans Right? Right. And then I can get both sides of the story versus just getting your side and it being just completely anti-left or anti right. Okay. Got you. Well, thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're just opening up the phone lines, hearing from you guys. I mean, this weekend was a crazy weekend. Let's discuss. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the JNV just hilarious show moment guy. We are The Breakfast, Club If. you just joining us. We're talking about everything that happened this weekend. Now Jess, what, what were your thoughts when you seen everything that and how it unfolded this weekend?


To be honest with you, I really, I, this goes back to what Charlamagne said. I, I thought it was staged myself. You thought it was staged at first? I honestly did. I mean, nobody moved. It is, it is a couple reasons that nobody moved for real. He, he didn't react like he had just got shot at. It was like, he wasn't even trying to get off the stage. Like they had to get him outta there. The people behind him just wasn't phased. You know what that Oh, wow. It's funny that you said that. That's the, I called my You know, my dad is, is a retired police officer. So when I, I called him And, I'm like, isn't it strange that gunshots went off and they didn't Scatter like, right. Like they didn't run right. You know People. People did though, like, like, I, I guess Behind them they didn't scatter about The stage view of it.


Yeah. I think y'all were you looking at a certain group of people? They was mad people running and covering each other. Like that's how the, the the the, the guy got shot and killed. The guy got shot and killed covering his family. He covered his Family. His family. Yeah. But on the stage, heard that doing scattered, like


With public dot com's, high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY, there are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Pulling up to Mickey D's just for drinks. Oh yeah, that's me. Nothing extra. Just perfection. And a straw coming in hot for the coldest cups on the block because there are drinks then there are drinks from McDonald's. Mix things up with any size lemonade or sweet tea for a dollar 49 Perfect. With our classic fries. Price and participation may vary, cannot be combined with any other offer. Ba ba ba ba.


Greetings, GULs and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon, Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. You're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's the hardest question you've ever asked your mom? Mom, what happened to your sister Margarita? For me, it's about a murder that's haunted my family for decades. They said that they took her and the next day she was already dead To find the answers. I went to the place where my family's from El Salvador and found that the story starts with a priest who was killed on the altar and sparked a war. I'm Jasmine Romero and on Sacred Scandal Nation of Saints, join me as we uncover an unholy war. One that includes government coverups and politicians turn death squad leaders. But I'll also tell you the story of one family mine, because on this journey, I found out that we had more secrets than I knew. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints as part of the Mike ura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I Heard that after when you first seen it. I'm like, nobody moved. Yeah. And I. Just, and then like you said, we live in the times where you don't believe anything because every time we do believe something is comes out, it's natural. Most of the time it's not true. It It's ai. Right? Yeah. And then also, this is also like, nothing surprises me that happens to Donald Trump or Donald Trump does because of how he moves who he is. Like he can use this. He's already using it, but he's using it like he, I don't know. He he'll do anything to win the election. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So Another reason I, I thought it was, I, I didn't, I never thought it was staged because immediately I saw everybody pull their phones out. That's what I knew.


I was like, You know. But, but also, I just don't think that we should run around And I. I get why you felt that way, but this was very real You know. And this is what happens when you have people in positions of power spreading the kind of dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has been spreading. Political violence is, is really real. And it, this is, this is, this is, it can get worse. And that's what I'm saying. I didn't find out about the person that actually died until late, late last night. Yep. Like you didn't hear that You know what I'm saying? I I didn't hear that. And I. I didn't. That's why I'm, I'm quiet right now until you just asked me how I felt. 'cause I don't want to start parading that saying that because this is a huge platform. You don't wanna say, oh, it's stage to stage. 'cause that is crazy. But look at the times that we live in, most things are not real anymore.


Most things are, are most things are staged. Right. But when I'm asked Yeah, that's what I Thought. Yeah. The only reason, I mean, I do think Donald Trump will go that far to win an election, but that's, that's pretty like a bullet to your head. Yeah. He don't gotta he don't gotta go that far to beat Joe Biden. Yo damn Man. He don't have, he's probably gonna, he going probably beat, he probably gonna beat Joe Biden before Saturday. I think he beat Joe Biden definitely Saturday and he got the Supreme Court in his back pocket. You know. So I don't, I Yeah, I don't think he would go this far. Loretta. Yay. What's up? What's up nigga? Good morning, Loretta. Loretta, take us off Bluetooth for speaker If. you can. Okay. I am. How about now? You sound better. Go ahead. What's your thoughts, mama?


I'm I'm sorry. Stage I, I don't care what nobody says. Trump get in power. Loretta. Loretta, your your phone. Your phone breaking up. It sounds like you said you thought it was staged and Trump will do anything to get in power. Yes. Anything to get in power and, and and to make this look him. Yes. Yeah. Her phone sounds a little crazy. Sorry. Loretta Jam, This is me. Hey Jamia. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I just wanna say You know we, there's no place for violence in this country. And You know God rest the soul that we lost.


But I will have to say that I feel like it is a distraction. I feel like Project 2025 was really picking up steam within the black community. And this is just something to distract us. And at the end of the day, God forbid, I just want all black people to make sure that they're registered to vote. Go vote and then go learn how to shoot a gun and protect yourself. Get your kids out there. 'cause it's, it's real. It is a real situation. And although we can go on black Twitter and laugh and joke on different things, this is serious. That's right. Somebody tried to kill this man. And at the end of the day, black people, we really have to open our eyes and stop laughing at everything.


Don't be on social media, on a, on a platform. If, you have thousands of followers being black. Talking about, oh, he's gangster. I'm about to vote for him now. That's ignorant. Stop being ignorant. 'cause people's lives is on the line on this ballot. Our rights is on the line on these ballots. Women's rights is on the line like it's serious and we have to take it serious. And I. Just want black people vote. Please vote. Thank you. Jamia. I'm Not telling you who to vote for, but vote And I'm, I'm You know. She, she brings up a good point. You know, I I they keep calling this an assassination attempt. Yeah, it was an assassination attempt, but it also was a declaration of war You. know what I mean? Like, whenever you You know, decide to take a shot at a former president You know somebody who is You know a a leader of, of, of a whole other side.


70 plus million people on this planet. Don't you think that his soldiers, don't you think that his minions you think they just going to take that lightly? No. That's why it's so irresponsible for people like Mike Johnson and JD Vance and whoever else to just run out there immediately and say, this is the Democrat's fault. Yo, we had Ru Russia said, this is Biden and them's fault. Like, why are they interfering with us business just trying to cause division? Can't we see what's going on here, people? No. Come on man. People Can't come on, man. And that's the sad part about it. All right, well, what's the moral of the story if there is a moral, The moral of the story for me is what I said during You know donkey today we are all big boys and big girls. We can condemn political violence. We can condemn what happened to Donald Trump on Saturday.


We, we, we need to condemn it. We, but we also have to talk about the dangerous rhetoric that Donald Trump has spewed that got us here. You should be able to do both. It is disingenuous for House speaker Mike Johnson to go out there and say, everyone should tone down the rhetoric. No, there's only one person who should because there's only been one person that's been doing it, that is irresponsible for JD Vance to go out there and say it's rhetoric from the Democrats that led this to happen to Trump. It's very disingenuous to say that and not acknowledge the rhetoric that Donald Trump has spewed on his social media and outta his own mouth. No. What's, what's really scary is what you said and what people have been saying all weekend long that they believe that Biden has no chance of beating Donald Trump.


That's what's really scary because when people start talking like that and people start believing it, that means people feel like they don't have to go out and vote. They feel like they can sit out on the couch and just sit this one out because they feel like they lost already. No, I think everybody should go out there and Vote and we can't do that. One Of the reasons I don't, one of the main reasons I think it's gonna be very tough for President Biden is because of how Donald Trump has the Supreme Court in his back pocket. Because Donald Trump put three Supreme Court judges on and the whole Supreme Court is doing his Benning, everything from You know he asked for immunity from crimes and he got it. There's nothing constitutional about that. So that lets me know that if he contest the results of the election in November, what reason would I have to believe that the Supreme Court witness out with him?


Yeah, But You know, I was reading something too that You know. They said he'll never go to jail. And, and one of the, the other main reasons is not the fact that not only because he's a former president, but also because they said the amount of money they would have to pay for Secret Service to actually be in jail to protect him would be in the mil hundreds of millions of dollars. And they weren't definitely gonna do that. I Don't know. I just want everybody to go out there and read the article from Ellie Ell that he wrote in the Nation talking about the Supreme Court because the Supreme Court is the only branch of government that claims the power to rule unchecked by the other branches of government. If Congress passes the law, the court claims authority to overrule it. If the president issues an order or regulation, the court claims the power to overrule it. If a state legislator or governor passes the rule or ordinance, the court claims the power to overrule it.


And if voters attempt to elect leaders, the court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose votes should be counted or recounted to say nothing of who gets to vote in the first place. Does it not sound like this fight gonna be fixed come November? Yeah. So, so y'all who in it for a long six months baby? I'm just telling y'all to get prepared for what you about to see. Okay. Okay. Alright. Yes. Blasphemy. I'm talking about the rumors. Oh, we got just with the mess coming up. Yes. Lil Wayne sings not like us right before he performs his verse of the motto on at in Vegas. Yeah. But people, I, I think it's some trolling, but we gonna get into it.


I don't know. I don't think he would do that to his nephew like That. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives, but like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam grad. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. In 1980, while El Salvador sat on the brink of war, one man held together the fragile peace Archbishop Oscar Romero. He was brutally assassinated in front of dozens of his loyal followers.


His death marked the start of a civil war that left more than 75,000 people dead and a million more displaced around The World. My family includes both those that fled and those that died. Listen to Sacred Scandal, nation of Saints on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


New episodes every Thursday. If, you wanna grow, you gotta step outta your comfort zone. Join me Jenica Lopez for season three of my podcast Over comfort. Every week I'll be having honest conversations with some of my favorite friends. This Is like me actually first time talking about it. My mom is gonna literally kill me, but I'm so sorry, mom. Sorry. We're opening up about the good stuff, the vulnerable stuff, and the crunchy stuff. Listen to the Over Comfort podcast with Jen Lopez on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.