
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits, you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bows Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good Morning. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It's Thursday. Hopefully you had an amazing Christmas. Hopefully it was with some family. Hopefully you'll got a chance to rest a little bit. Today's show is all about nineties stars. All right. Now Charlamagne will lie. He will say he looks like this guy, but he'll be joining us this morning. The real Morris Chestnut will be in the building. Also, Jasmine Guy and Kadeem Hardison, our guy, Jaleel White, and also Rosa Perez. Yes, it's all about 90 stars all on today's show. So don't go anywhere. Get your ass up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Brady.


Ray. Ray, Yo, char, man. Envy. What up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get On the phone right now. Here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello. Who's this? What's going on is Great Day D Money from Philly. Hey, what's up Dane? From Philly. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey, yo. Real fast. I'm gonna get this out the way for Envy because I'm a truck driver, man. Oh, he, he honk the horn, but he breaking up. Yeah, We ain't here the horn, man. You gotta do it again, bro. Do it one more time. I Wanna do it again. If you need to hear you Blow, you hear it? Yo, yo, Charlamagne, you gotta chill. You Go, you don't wanna call up here talking about you wanna blow for NBL in the morning.


I thought you, I thought that was like something that you was calling me For me, Man. We know what you meant, man. Don't let him take our joy. But look, hey, yo, but Charlamagne, I wanted to give you flowers, you know, the mental health and all that. And my, my cousin is actually Rachel, Rachel Edwards. I wanna give her a shout out too. She was like, I wish you would've called up when I was working up there. Aw, man. I was with Rachel last night, Rachel. We was out last night. Rachel. Yeah. That's love Rachel, man. That's my heart. We, we, we, we had Thanksgiving. She was, we was all together. We Jamaican. You know what Emini here, we from Philly. Hey. Oh yeah. Yeah. I've had, I, I've had Rachel's mama's oxtails before. Yeah, she, yo, you should have saw man. She looked like she cooked like she was cooking, cooking for an orphanage.


That's how she do. That's What, that's what's up. But Yeah, man, And I, I, I ran in, I ran an adjustment for PR man around 2020. I don't know if you remember, I was the dude from Philly, and you was like, you probably brought these flying roaches from Philly with you. Oh my God. No. I don't remember that. You told me you bought roaches. You don't remember? No. Nah. I thought it was these big, it was these big ass flying roaches in pr and Jess was running from them. Oh my God. No, I don't remember that. It sounded like something I said, Oh my God. No, but you was, I ain't gonna lie. You was cool as hell. I thought you would've been bougie or some Oh, Nah, nah. Never that You was cool as hell. Thank you.


Yeah, yeah, Man. That's all that, that's all I wanted to say, man. We Appreciate you brother. First time call that. I got through, man. I love y'all though, man. Listen to y'all every day in the morning. Appreciate You King. Be safe for them, rose. I'll. I'll Have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? Hey. Yes, ma. Hey Naomi. What up, Naomi? Get it off your chest. I'm so mad. Over the weekend, I ordered a coat from a garage And I ordered a size up and the coke came. I love it, but it kiss me. What is she saying about coat with that baby in the background? She said Coat. She ordered a coat, a jacket. And it's too, it's too small or too big. Well stop ordering from Timo.


You want, you wanted to buy that coat for six? No, it was from a, and I'm so mad because I usually don't even buy stuff that's expensive. I wanted to treat myself. What's it called From who? What's it called? What's the place called? Mackay. Mackay. What's the address? You mean Micah? M-I-C-A-S? No, Mackay's. M-A-M-A-C-K-A-G-E. Oh, I don't know what that is. Okay. How much was that Coke? $7. Eight 90? No, it 890 And 90 cents. You Just spent eight 90 on a coat and you just had cyber deals. And Black Friday it's 890. Yes. 890. I'm so mad.


What kind of coat was it? A pea coat. Macon. I know, but what kind of coat is it? Is it a bubble coat? A trench coat? What is it? It's a, it's a puffer. Like a puff. You bought A puffer for a thousand dollars a puffer. Where you live at Brooklyn. Wow. What that puffer. You think that puffer gonna keep you warm in these New York streets? Oh my God. That's crazy. So is it too small? It's too small. It's too big. Oh damn, Man. You could have bought two, you could've bought two North faces. Right? That amount of money. You better put a hoodie under it and wear proud. That's right. A thousand dollars investment. That shit, I Don know what I was thinking. Oh my god. I'm so sad. But I love you guys. Sound Like nobody even wanna rob you for that coat.


What I'm saying, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, Man. This is your time To get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Rob from New Orleans. Rob from New Orleans. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's happening? Good morning, fella. Good morning. Good Morning Brothers Club. Good morning, sunny Man. Good Morning. Good Morning. Good morning, judge.


Good morning, envy. Good Morning. Morning brother. I want to get out my chest, man. This is my first year anniversary. I got married one year ago today. Congratulations, congrat, Man. Congratulations, sir. That's What's up. Thank you. Thank you on. I want to give a shout to my wife, jazz sleep right now. So when she wake up, you know, we an hour, we hour behind. So I woke up just to get that off my chest. I love you baby. Happy first year anniversary. But y'all doing today anything Man, we about to have a whole day. Whatever she want to do today, dedicate to her. So we about to, we about to whatever. Whenever she get up, we about to have a whole day wind and dine, whatever she want to do. So it's, it is up. It is up. Me, I, I woke up just to do this. I set my alarm for five o'clock this morning to do this, this, this.


The first thing when she wake up this morning, I'm gonna play this in the morning at six 10. Oh, you got a whole day planned. You ain't playing. Yeah. Yeah. I got a whole day. I got a whole day planned. I got a week. We took the day off today. We got our day tied. Bring on baby girl to daycare and about we, we started with the brother's club. We ended, we ended with whatever. Whatever we do we going to do. But you know, I just wanna shout out my baby girl. Have her one year rest of my Baby. Alright brother. Have a good one. One man, enjoy your day. Yes sir. Appreciate y'all. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and we got a special guest in the building.


The legendary Jasmine Guy. Welcome back. Good Morning. How you feeling? I feel great. I love doing your show the last time and I got a lot of positive feedback. People love you. Yeah. Come on. It was a different kind of interview though than they're used to. My daddy was like, you were a little too comfortable. You act like they were at your house. You Know, that was at Champagne, right? Yes. That cpa, champagne, whatever that was. I didn't even like it And I was drinking it. Mm. But my father said that you would put more in when I was looking at Kade Uhuh. No, that's Not true.


That's what he said. I don't think so. He said whenever you looked at Kadeem, he poured more in there. So I'm, I I'm thinking I'm just drinking one glass. I probably had four glasses, auntie, whatever that, but I drank it anyway at seven o'clock in the morning. I'm embarrassing as that. No, it got you. It got you to talking. And The thing was just sitting back there just laughing, You Know? No, it was good because you ask questions that people don't usually ask. You know, we get the same questions over and over, especially about different world. Yeah. And you've done so much more since, since then, right? Absolutely. Like right now, you, you, you, one of your first Emmy this year.


Yeah. Congratulations. Congratulations. How did that feel? She went for The Chronicles of Jessica. Woo. That's right. Yes. Yeah. That was a trip. So I was going to Mexico to hang out with my girlfriends And I land And I get all these texts from people saying, congratulations on your Emmy nomination. And I really thought people were messing with me. Wow. I didn't even call 'em back. I said, oh, whatever. I wasn't even, yeah. And then when I realized I really had been nominated, I thought it was for the show Harlem. Oh, okay. Chronicles Of Jessica Woo. I had done two, it was before Covid.


Oh wow. It was a long time ago. And I only worked on it for a day. It was a very interesting project to me because the production company was a couple, a small black production company. The superhero in the, in the piece had autism. But her powers that whatever, put her on the spectrum made her a superhero. Their daughter had a, an autistic child. Anyway, so I said, well, I'll do it because I know after this they're gonna need distribution. And who knew? Wow. That's what, you know what I'm saying? Wow. Yeah. The my love for them and what I know about, you know, pitching ideas.


You gonna need a name. Okay. I know. I've heard it all. And I said, well, I'll be your name. This is gonna be good. And it was a short series, like a web episode series. The other Oscar nomination I got was also from an independent black company. And it was my nephew Emmett. And I played Emmett Till's aunt on the night that he was taking from their home. And I was like, oh, I do not wanna go to Mississippi. And I'm telling you, we stayed right down the street from where he got abducted And Mississippi still got that same energy. Thank you. Yeah. Nothing to change. I was gonna say I felt ghosts, you know, And I did it.


And they got nominated for an Oscar And I, when the director called me, he was a, a graduate student from NYU Film School. His mentors was Spike Lee and Casey Lemons. Right. Beautiful brother in the, and the crew and everybody. I had a great artistic experience. But when he told me we, you know, we got nominated for an Oscar, I thought he was messing with me. Mm. That says a lot though, like about how, you know, I guess black actors and actresses are conditioned in Hollywood that when they get told that they're even nominated, they don't believe it. It's a joke. What were you ignored long enough? You got the message. Yeah, I got the message. If you not nominating a different world.


Debbie Allen. Susan fails our wardrobe department. Any other actor on that show? I stopped focusing on y'all giving me my props. I know who gives me my props. And I told the actors, I said, we just gotta be good. You know, forget all these accolades or whatever. They obviously do. You know how many times they said to me, even on, I think I did Dennis Miller. Remember Dennis Miller? I had a, a talk show. He started with, so how does it feel being between number one and three? And I was stunned because I had just sat down, you know, you come out all cute and whatever. Right. And I was like, he said that wasn't a good lead in question.


And I said, no, it wasn't. You was talking about Cosby and Cheers. Everybody said we were number two because we came between them. Okay. And that was the first question. That, the message, that was the message that we got as actors, as you know, performers. And we never got our props for not, not just the acting, but it was Debbie Allen and Susan Fells me. Three black women in charge of that show. You know what Emini here, we could have been on the cover of Essence. And I just knew who really saw us and who really understood us. Why didn't the network fight for that? It's the same white mother. He said, just look. Okay. So Cy Warner, our, our producers also produced a show with Whoopi Goldberg called Baghdad Cafe Grace Under Fire.


And the Roseanne Show. And The Cosby Show. Right. So we're one of five. They never asked us to do anything. They asked Roseanne Barr to sing the national anthem in which she grabbed her crotch 'cause she can't sing. But we got five singers on our show. That's crazy. You coulda had don me Cree, you know, never, I don't know. I just got things, we got things on our own And I never felt a part of that network. Mm. Then when I saw what happened with friends, I was like, yo, that would've helped us. It would've helped us with work after the show. It would've given us some, some props, you know, that we could have used for future projects.


I pitched a lot. I have my own production company after a different world. All of my projects were rejected. But then I started to see them. That was weird. Oh wow. You know what? Emini here, it's like a bad relationship after a while. You gotta understand, okay, I ain't what you want. All right. We got more with Jasmine Guy when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Breakfast Club bitches. You were saying it was such a privacy in the nineties. So to get those stories from that era when she talks about you and Pac and just y'all friendship, just that friendship of black Hollywood. It's just like, man. And I, I was like privileged enough to hang with them. 'cause they're so much younger than me. Mm.


You know, it was just easy. You know, her birthday party and we went to the dragonfly, which was funk night that night. Oh. G was in Nancy that night. I liked me some funk, obviously. I'm like, it's funk night at a dragonfly. But, and you know, accepting of me because, well, I'm 62, so when I'm on the show I'm 25, 26, 27. They 18, 19 now. It's not a big deal. But back then I wasn't hanging out with no. You know, I remember I went to a restaurant with Cree and as we were walking to the restaurant, she said, do they card?


I said, card Emini Here. I had nev I had never been carded because 18, you know, I said, how old are you? She said, I just turned 18. I said, what the hell am I doing? Hanging out with an 18-year-old? Yeah. Are you kidding me? Yeah. Kade too. I saw them as kids. I like grown ass men when I was young. 30, 32. But now that they have embraced me, I appreciate it. Right. Because they kept me current and kept me interested because they, Jada and Cree are out the box thinkers. They bring creative ideas to the table that I never would've thought of.


Right. And I love that. And, and of course, you know, CRE keeps me laughing. What about Pac? Pac And I were like that too. He always had ideas. I felt so unac accomplished, you know? 'cause he would say something and then do it. I would tell him an idea and not write it and not finish it, or it's still like on my shelf mostly. I wanted him to know that I felt he was a great actor. And I heard the murmurings of, oh, he's just being himself or whatever. They're just writing on his fame as a rapper. I said, everybody that raps ain't acting on, on, on there. There were a lot of rappers that had movies that man can act.


Yeah. Emini here. His performances were after chain. And I just wanted him to know that and not listen to that. Were you Afraid during that time, like when you took Pac in after he got shot, did you feel like, what if they come looking for him and I'm here there? Yeah. There were times because of the, the regularity of my going in and outta my apartment, I felt like it would be easy if I had been on the radar for anybody to, you know, follow me or come up. And so there was that. And I didn't live in a secured building, like a doorman building. And I was scared of the, like, I had never seen a real bullet wound just, you know, on tv, like NYPD blue and when I played a badass in this movie.


But I was concerned about that, you know, actually caring for the wounds and making sure he was gonna be okay. So you had to nurse him. You had to nurse him back into being Good. Yeah. He should have been in the hospital for at least two or two or three more days on antibiotics. And I Remember he just walked out. He signed himself out. So you had to help him out and help Mead and help him get himself back together. Well He w when he left Bellevue, he went to his girlfriend's and he realized it was equally accessible. He just felt like a sitting duck Right. In the hospital. Yeah. I'm sure you talk about this on a sunset. This is my last question. Like, when was the last time you spoke to him? Tupac? Dude, Like before you died, do you remember the last conversation y'all had or last time you saw him? I was visiting Afeni in Stone Mountain when they had a house there and he came through.


Now this is after he'd been in prison for 11 months. Okay.


So I see The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide, provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


You know, at and t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know? And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. There's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco Koska, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, SRO eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Seen him for a while. Okay. Yeah. Saw something at the house that was the last time you remember the conversation or you don't, that's personal. It was just like, hey, you know, and he was just like, I'm strong now because he was infirm. So he wanted me to see his, you know, little prism pushup muscles and whatnot. Knuckles were all black from doing it on. You know, he wanted, I was like, yeah, you look good. And then he went out with his friends and you know, I hung out with Afeni. The thing that really hurt my feelings about him getting shot like that when he was with me. I thought I was helping him go to the next part of his life. Like Grow a ball.


Yeah. I was like, we gonna go to prison and then get shot again. And I knew that second shooting wasn't the wounds he had the first time were in his appendages, not in his lungs. I was so disappointed. Yeah, you lived. And he told me he was going to, he wasn't gonna make it past 25. I always thought he was just talking all the time. That's legend. Put that in the book. I was like, I'm not writing a book about you. Stop telling me that. I be like, I'm never telling anybody anything about this experience. I thought it was ridiculous for him to say he wasn't gonna live past 25.


I treated him like I treated my little cousins that make these statements about life. Yeah. So that hurt. Can't wait people to hear your Story. You lived the life Ms. Guy. Y'all gotta watch him since it this Sunday. Sunday, March 24th. Always a pleasure when you come Ms. Guy, thank you so much. Me back. You're a cultural icon. We appreciate you so much. We value you. Just thank you always. That's right. Thank you. It's Jasmine Guy. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We have Morris Chestnut. He's here. And we have Emma Yati Corn.


Did I say your name right? Well done. I was practicing. Appreciate that. Fun. I gotta start like this. Emma. Does Charlemagne look anything like Morris Chessman? I was just looking. I was just looking. We're here to talk Reasonable doubt too. No, I wanna start there because he's been talking so much. He thinks he's Morris beyond A reasonable doubt after that. And then after. No, beyond a reasonable Doubt. Em does he look Anything? I knew this was gonna come up. Okay. I was prepared for this. You were prepared because I've, I've heard squint your eyes a little bit. Now here's the Thing. Cover one. Eye cover Both eyes. Both beautiful chocolate baldheaded men. Thank you. I see that Res. Yes. You see a resemblance.


And that What I just said. Oh, Okay. You scared, You scared me for a second. In the factory model is what you said. Just the fact details. You scared me for a factory model what? I said. Yes. Now. Now Morris, does it bother you? When, when this, this brother over here that looks nothing like you claims that he's you for his birthday. He posts pictures Of you. Is my birthday. I'm telling you, somebody came to me on the street. That's a lie. I said I'm dead. No, no. I wasn't on the street. You're right. I was at a hotel. I was at the valet and one in the valet. The valet. He said, that's what he Said. He said, You look like Charlamagne. He said, yo. He said, yo, you, you Charlamagne. I don't know if he was trolling, but he did say That he should fought him. Right? Should what's, wasn't it dimly lit? Vale airing?


Did he have glasses? I I, no, he didn't have glasses, you know. But it did happen. It did happen. It did, Lord. Yeah. Y'all didn't, that didn't go the way y'all thought it was welcome guys. How, how you guys feeling? So good to have y'all. You're feeling fantastic. Yeah, Man. What, what roles excite you nowadays, marsh. Wow. Because you've been in the game so long. You know what this role did excite me. Okay. It, it really did. You know, the, the one thing I I love, first of all, she's incredible Emini here. She's incredible at what she does. Incredible actress Emini here. She's incredible. But the whole production, so the production starts, you know, with Onyx Collective and we have, you know, black female executives there. And then of course Carrie Washington's company is producing Simpson Street.


Simpson Street's producing it topnotch there, Muhammad black female showrunner. All the scripts were on time before I had never gotten scripts on a show like that this early. Yeah. I would get a script. We, like we was, we would be on the second day of an episode and get a script for the next episode. That normally never happens. So everything was top. And then working with her and the cast, this role did, did excite me. Now for people that don't know, what is reasonable doubt about, 'cause you're on season two, so if, if they don't know, what is it about? Break It Down. You know, it's about this high powered, you know, black female attorney, you know, who's about her business. You know, she handles all of her business when she's, when she's in the office, when she's in court, you know, but she's trying to juggle it.


You know, she's a mother, she's a wife. And sometimes, you know, some of the balls drop outta the air. You know what Emini here, she, she fails at times and she makes questionable decisions, makes mistakes at times. You know, but it's about this woman, it's about this marriage, this black marriage. You know, we get to see them trying to figure it out. We get to see them making mistakes. We get to see them, you know, really living their life in this way that we don't often get to see on television. Along with the, the courtroom drama of it all. You know, we get to see her really in her element because the show is loosely based on Sean Holly. Oh, oh, that's True. I heard that. Okay. Yeah, she's a very high powered defense attorney in la you know, and so we have all of those elements.


It's a good blend. Yes. Of the courtroom drama with the character driven kind of piece. When You say handle that business in court, is that all the place you handled the business? Emini here. She does what she got to do anywhere. Anywhere And everywhere. Did You sit with Sean at all? Did what? Did you spend any time with Sean? Oh Yes. Okay. Okay. Oh yeah. Before we started filming, we, you know, she invited me to her home and, you know, we sat and we talked for hours. You know, I got to really pick her brain about how she chooses the cases that she decides to take on. Because that's the thing, you know, we really, I think, nailed that in the show with the kinds of cases that Jacks chooses to accept. Can sometimes cause issue with her friends or her family. You know, why are you not defending black women? Why did you choose to defend this, this man?


And that's what Shawn is about, you know? And that's something that I admired and wanted to know a little bit more about. What goes into her selecting the kind of cases that she chooses to represent. Is, is it hard to leave your character on set? Is it hard? No, no. I, I've, I've learned how to just make the separation. I've learned how to make the separation. And especially with someone like Jax, you know, she, she has a lot going on, you know, so I'm thankful to just leave that there and go home to normalcy. You know, I wanted to ask actors, like, when you have to play a traumatic scene, right? Like when Ricky gets killed in Boys in the Hood, being that they play that so much on tv, does that trigger you when you see it? Like, do you feel That doesn't trigger me? One thing that did trigger me when I did the first Best Man, it was the first time that I had to be such an emotional, especially when I did a wedding scene.


I was crying And I had to be in an emotional space for so long. That triggered me for just even thinking about it for at least, at least five to seven years. Wow. What about when y'all did the TV show? When the, when the Dead. I see. I was, see I had already, you know, as an actor, I had, I had grown And I kind of let some stuff, you know, it's, you know, as actors, you know, we use our, our trauma Yeah. And our pain to get there. So I, you know, I kind of worked on that. But it triggered me for a long time. On, on The First Best Man, if you Ever get tired of it. 'cause Boys of the Hood was so long ago. Did you ever realize how impactful that was gonna be when you, when you shot It? I didn't, I didn't, I had no clue because when I, when I Emini here, I was a lead in the movie that nobody knew who I was.


Right. And no one knew who Cuba was. You know, people knew who Ice Cube was. Angela wasn't Angela and Nia wasn't Nia Emini here. Everybody was, you know, just popping off. So I didn't think it was gonna be that big. Nah, That, that's interesting what you said about the Best Man because to be in a role when the TV show came where in, in that iteration of it, you know, your wife was Deceased. Yes. You had to tap into that emotion of being a man who lost their wife. Right. How did you leave that at home? Well, so it's, Oh, leave that on the set rather. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, okay. So the, so that was the first Best Man I had that. So the Second Best Man was tough because she was battling cancer And I had to do a lot of emotional scenes then.


So I've just learned to manage kind of those emotions. I've learned to deal with some of that trauma in a different way now. And actually, actually acting is pretty much therapeutic because you're able to release certain things. And so over the years that's, that's what's happened. Were You a fan of Reasonable Doubt season one because you season too? I was, Because I literally, I was on a, I was, I played in the Saturday basketball game and one of the, one of the guys there, he was like, yo, he said, we normally, after we play, he's, you know, we talk about stupid stuff, dude stuff in the gym or whatever. And then he Just say, Hey, you guys seen this show A Reasonable Doubt. And I knew about the show 'cause I knew Eli was on And I knew Emi was on it, but I hadn't seen it yet. He was like, man, it was just so odd to hear him say that on the court.


Right. You know what I'm saying? And so he said, you gotta check it out. So, yeah, so before I did the show, I was definitely found, 'cause I watched it because he told me to. And what was harder for you? Because Jax is different season one versus season two. What was the harder draw for you as an actress? Like pulling from the experiences? Was it harder for Season one or harder for season two for you? I think I would definitely see, say season two, just because of, you know, she's showing a, a lot more vulnerability as a result of what happened in season one. Yes. You know, so that just, it required, just like Morris was saying, you know, I gotta pull from some of those places, you know, that kind of thing. So it, it was more of a, of a challenge in that way, you know, I had to decide to, to open myself up. Alright. We got more with Morris, Chester and Ayat when we come back to Old Mob, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Morris Chestnut and Tidi. Of course. Reasonable doubt. Season two is on Hulu, everywhere. Now Emma, you started off in soap operas. Most people never leave that soap opera world, but you did. So, so, so break down the soap opera world and what got you in the soap opera. I first, I wanna know how you got into acting because you, you are a military child. Yeah. Usually that means you're traveling all over the place. Your parents are heavy into education. What got you into acting from the start? It was something that I always loved, I always loved, but I didn't know that it could be a choice to be a career, you know? And for a long time it was just fun.


Just a, just a hobby. And I thought that I had it planned out. I was gonna go to law school, I was gonna be a lawyer. My father wanted me to go to the military, but I said, okay, I think I'm gonna be a lawyer. But in high school, I had a girlfriend who also wanted to be a lawyer. And we had our whole plan. It was gonna be Corona and Sweeney Incorporated. There you go. You know, but I realized thankfully before, you know, graduation, okay, no, I don't really wanna be a lawyer. I'm not trying to go to law school. Like she was taking it serious and would fill out these SATs. I'm like, I'm not doing all that. Is she a lawyer now? She's a lawyer now. She Oh, she or she a lawyer. Okay. So we, we went in the right path. I realized, no, I think I just, I like the drama, I like the suits and you know, all of that in the courtroom. And so that's the moment when I knew, And I kind of started pursuing it at that point.


And this was in, I graduated high school in Jersey. My last two years were out there or in, in Kansas. I was all over the place. And then went back to Jersey and really started studying and back and forth up here to New York. All my off, off, off Broadway classes and all of that. And then that was it. That was it. And, and my first role was that, that role in Young and Restless. Young and Restless. And that was because that was my mom's show. And she said to her, you know, that was me making it, that You made it when you was on, when you was on her soap opera. She Said, you gotta get on Young The Restless on the Restless until Victor. I said, hi, tell Victor. I said, so a bittersweet moment about that for me is because my mom passed before that happened before she got to see. And so as soon as I got on the set, I said, Victor, I just gotta tell you, you know, my mom just loves you.


So, and that was a small, that was a really small role. And I think that's how I, the reason why I didn't get caught up in it and staying there because it was a small role, but it was truly one of the most meaningful ones to me to this day because of that. Oh wow. Yeah. That's so aligned for you. Your first, your first scene, Morris is a, is a, is a sex scene. Right? Right, Right, right. Now, do you ever have to tell these studios not to, not to objectify you because because we heard meth man once day, he always, you know, pushed back against his sex symbol status. Mm. Do you ever have to tell these studios like, look, you know, I know I'm Morris Chestnut, you can't be a stunt double, bro. I'm just, you stunt don't, don't object. Explain Claims. They would, we would know the difference. Or Do you ever feel like you're being objectified? Maybe is a better question. I, I Don't, I don't see that, that, that way.


You know, it's almost like, 'cause people sometimes they ask me, they say, do you get mad when people call you Ricky? All the time when people see me on the street. And honestly, the one thing about me is I have never ever forgotten where I come from. Right. And, and when I was an actor, just starting out, trying to get an agent, just trying to get a part. Just say, oh, just please somebody cast me. I just want to be seen. I want to be known so I can get more work. And so it just so happens that that role that I was dying to get, to be able to get more work was a role that it was a, it was a, it was a blessing that it's still relevant and people still refer to it to this very day. So now, just because people say Ricky almost every day, I'm not gonna turn around and say, oh man, I hate when people call me Ricky.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because I was so, I would desire it so much. So to your question about, you know, studios, I don't think they objectify me. I think that I've been in the business a long time and the, the younger Morriss would not have imagined that he would be here to this very single day after all these years. So I'm just, I'm, I'm just blessed and, and I'm very appreciative of the fact that they still wanna cast me because in our industry, you know, no one really retires from our industry. Our industry retires us. The phone stops ringing. So as long as the phone's still ringing, I'm gonna keep picking up. And I, And I appreciate it, but It's one thing to be a great actor, which you are, but it's another to be considered a a heartthrob.


Right. It's only like a kind like, it, it is like Denzel Mar. Who else fits in that lane? Lauren? Like historically Omar AB was there. Yeah. What Mar and Denzel. Michael B. Jordan. Michael b Yeah. He was kind of say that Noland Wood. Okay. Woodland Wood. Yeah. From Queen Sugar, dark Skin, queen Sugar, Boris Cole, Joe Dark Kofi Koko Kofi is the, he's, he's there. Calm down Lauren. Calm down where we at right now. But I think honestly, you den it's, it's y'all level of, it's, it's like maybe two or three that are the go-tos. It mainly you though, like, you get, you do get a lot of the posts and stuff online. Oh, thank you. A lot of 'em come from Charlemagne's Instagram. But Shut up. I don I think to, to the answer to that question is for me, I don't, I don't focus on it because, you know, it's, it's, this is the type of industry.


There's, you know, there's, there's, there's gonna be somebody else tomorrow. There's gonna be somebody else the next day. So I just focus, honestly, I just try to focus on doing the best job I can as an actor with each job. And if that comes with it, I'm appreciative of it. If that's what people say, I'm appreciative of that. But I, I don't, I don't focus on that. I just have to focus on the work because that's gonna keep me here longer than being, being a, you know, if people consider it sex, were not A real, the real Morris Chestnut was the sexiest man alive in 2015. The reason I gotta say that is 'cause sometimes he puts his face there and acts Like, I've never done that. I was gonna, if you wanted to call him the sexiest man alive, that's fine. And you, if you wanna use me to do that, that's fine. I've never done this. Y'all got lawyers than me.


Like, are we here? What's going on? I was gonna ask, how does your, your wife deal with it all, you know, with, with women hollering when y'all allow and, and the comments. How does she, how does she handle it? Well, Emini here, my wife is a star in our family for sure. Emini here. She's the one that Emini here. She's a star in, in, in the family. And, and she knows, And I'm a homebody Emini here. I'm home all the time. And honestly, the, the older I've gotten, you know, Emini here, she's, she's just not even, she's not stressed by it. She's not even, she's just not, she's not really interested in the industry. She, it's like, we've been together a long, long time. And so, you know, she knows what it is. You know, I'm not going nowhere, nowhere. And hopefully she's not going anywhere. But it's, she's, she's cool with It.


And what about your kids? That's a, that's an interesting question. We've never really had the conversation about it. My son has made, has, has made comments about it. Does he have jokes? No. No, he doesn't. He doesn't, he doesn't, he doesn't have jokes. He doesn't have jokes about it. What Are the comments that he's making to you? Well, so that's a good question. We, we have, we have my son and my son's 26 years old right now. Okay. No, 20. He just turned 27. And we just basically have a lot of father son conversations and, and my conversations are more geared toward preparing him for life and, and, and trying to get him to see The World from different perspectives.


Yes. Primarily from a, from a, a business perspective. A young man who's gonna be taking care of a family perspective and he'll make comments just in terms of when I'm trying to explain certain things to him, how things go in life. He, he, he feels, sometimes he'll make a comment like, well, you haven't had to deal with such and such because such and such, you know, but, you know, And I keep having to tell him. I keep having to remind him that, you know, I I, you know, I slept in a room with my brother till we went to college and we couldn't even open the door. We was so tight in the room. We had bunk beds, we put the bunk bed down, we couldn't even open the door. So I didn't, I didn't, I wasn't born into this, you know, and so there's a lot of discipline and hard work.


So that has and a blessing, you know, from God. But discipline and hard work that has me where I'm today All we got more with Morris Chestnut and MAIT Cornell when we come back, don't move is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with em. Yati Cornell, the and Morris Chestnut. Of course. Reasonable doubt. Season two is on Hulu. Now Charlemagne, what, What did y'all two learn from each other on set? Ooh. Well, I would say I definitely learned, you know, when they asked me how I felt about Morris coming onto the show, number one, I was just excited Emini here it's Morris the Chestnut, you know, the Emini here.


It's true. You know, just, it's just, he brings a level of professionalism and, and ease, but yet very just approachable and, and, and kind and giving, you know, what Emini here in a way that you just may not expect for someone who's been in the business for so long, for someone who knows that they have this particular status, you know what Emini here. But, but he didn't have any of that, you know? So I definitely just appreciated and respected that you know about you And I appreciate. So the, the one thing, you know, on a set, the, the number one on the call sheet is the heartbeat of the set, right? The set goes, how the number one goes.


If the number one's not feeling good today, the set's not gonna have a good day. If the number one's not a good person, it's not a set that you wanna be on. She is literally one of the, the best number ones and that I've ever worked with. She, she Emini here. This is, it is so hard because when you're, when you're, when you come to a set, you know, we have the scenes, we have our lines and we, and we have to worry about our character. And ev she knew everybody's name on a set, everybody's name. And I, I've been on a set, I've been on a set right now for six months. I still only know probably about seven names out of like a hundred people. And that was just so impressive to me. And, and it was really, she was really inspiring to me just to see how she was doing that. And she made me mad one day.


'cause I always like to be, when they call us to set, I like to be the first one there. And she beat me one time. I was like, oh, I can't have that. I cannot have her beat me to set because I gotta be there. That too. Yeah. I said I gotta, I can have that. So she's just, and, and everything that she does, and she, with all of that, you know, she had her daughter there. She's taking care of her daughter. She has, you know, she's carrying the load on this show. She did it so gracefully, eloquently, and just an incredible actress. So I just have a huge, she, she's inspiring. Now, is there somebody you talking about number one, is there somebody that you say, no matter how much they pay you, you without saying names, that you just won't do a movie with them because they just don't act right? Oh no. Oof. No, no.


The oof was a, maybe the oof was a baby. No, because someone popped into my head, but I don't, that's just based off of what you hear. I don't know. You know what, Emini here, I don't, I can't judge someone based on that. So no, I I wouldn't say that Morris Oh, oh yeah, I have it.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like SCO tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


He said I have one. He, you know, yeah, he doesn't Emini here. I'm not sure if he's, I don't think he's done anything too much lately, but yeah, it's, yeah, it, it can be a really, really, really bad set. It's just not a good, it's not a working, it's not a free working environment to be an artist when you have everyone walking on eggshells and this person just dictates the whole mood. Yeah. Just of the, of the set. And it just makes it so challenging, not even to just do your job, just to even be there. Because we spend 12, 13 hours a day.


It's like a family, you know, you spend more time on a set than you do your family. So yeah. So that's probably One question. Let me ask, I have a question for you. I had heard Erica Alexander talk about how when black women play strong roles on tv, it boxes them in. It's like a good thing 'cause your representation, but it, it can be a bad thing because it boxes you into this. Like, you always have that power. You always have to be tough and rough. Do you think about that when you're picking roles? I know 'cause Jackson's becoming a household now, household name now, like people love the show. Do you think about that? Do you think how that will affect you? Has that been, you know, something you, you and your team have talked about? You know, I, I understand what she's saying about that because that is, you know, it's, it's almost can even be a stigma even that's placed upon us as, as black women. But it's not something that I think about because there's an element of it that is true.


It's there. We are strong. We've had to be strong for so long, for so many reasons. So, you know, I, it's not something that I feel like I have to lead with or something that I have to be cognizant of. Yeah. Because I don't, it doesn't, it doesn't, it doesn't bother me in that way. I see, you know what, Emini here. And so I think I, I do choose roles, not necessarily if I see a role and it says, okay, she's this strong woman to what have you, you know, I know I'm gonna put my own spin on it And I may not feel like she's strong in the way that they think she's strong. Right. You know what, Emini here so I can make a different interpretation. Interpretation on it. Gotcha. Well I know y'all got, it goes. I got a, my final question other, when I'm around Mars, oh my God.


Do you ever walk in the room and say, I'm the most handsome man in, Oh my gosh. No. No. I I I never Say that. You did say that one day when we obvious he did Waving. No, I would never say that. I don You in the Family Feud video. Right. Jay-Z's family trip. Yes. Yes. How was, how were you casted for that? Are you cool with the fam or how did that happen? Ava. Ava. 'cause Ava directed it. Ava DuVernay. I think that's how we met. We met at Ava's Ava's house. House. Yeah. Yeah. We did. I don think it was Morris Chestnut when you was there. Be honest. Not even close. I didn't, I didn't. You thought he was to help Thought didn't he thought He was to help. I was like, well, five years ago.


Five, Six years ago. Yeah, Something like that. Yeah, we were watching the movie or something. And no Fight the fight. Mayweather Knight. That's, that's what it was. But yeah, that's how that came about with Ava was the director. Yeah. Gotcha. Well we appreciate, I know you guys gotta run. Yeah, Super doubt. Lemme I wanna say something to you guys. I really appreciate what you guys are doing for the culture Emini here. I see the guests you guys have on, I see the topics that you guys talk about And I appreciate what you guys are doing because especially now in our community, you talk about therapy a lot. I love that you guys bring up current topics, current event topics, politics. And so you guys are, I was really excited to come back 'cause I've been here before, but I was really excited to come back because I appreciate you guys what you guys are doing for the culture. So thank you guys. Thank you Very much.


Thank you so much. Yeah, reasonable doubt. Season two is out now on Hulu. Ladies and gentlemen, The Breakfast Club is Morris Chestnut and M ati. Corona. Thank you so much. Thank you for having The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass. Charlamagne Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Whatcha you giving Dusty today to now? Yes, Donkey today goes to a 21-year-old woman named Juniper Bryson, and she's been charged with the sale or purchase of a child and she is currently being held on a $30,000 bond because she tried to sell her child on Facebook. Let's go to ABC 13, eyewitness News for the report, please. She Led us on to believe that we were chosen.


Wendy Williams and her husband were one of many families according to court records, hopeful to be the parents of this beautiful baby boy. Born on September 24th. The only difference between Williams and the other families is she was in the delivery room with 21-year-old Juniper. Bryson Williams didn't know Bryson, neither did the other prospective parents. They just responded to Facebook posts asking for someone to adopt Bryson's baby. Bryson chose Williams, she believes because she was local and Bryson went into labor early. She stayed at the hospital for three days with Bryson and the newborn who tested positive for drugs according to court records. No, but then Williams says she started getting messages on Facebook from people saying Bryson was trying to sell the baby.


After finding out what she did, Williams contacted CPS and police were called investigators, obtained conversations with at least seven people on social media where they say Bryson was asking for money in exchange for the baby, including this one where she says, I'd ask for a minimum of 150 bucks front. That's It. 150. I gotta get a discount after baby test positive for drugs. Okay, little methyl, little crack, baby. I'm not paying 150. Yeah, a hundred dollars. That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. Now look, she's 21 years old And I have a theory that after the year 2000, they really just started making any old kind of human. Okay? I think God sold the company, the company that makes humans. God sold it. Let 'em keep the name, the designs, but the ingredients don't hit the same.


Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not gonna sit here and act like the humans I grew up with was much better. Okay? I grew up in an era where some humans would have babies and then throw the babies in a dumpster, okay? Tupac wrote a whole song about it. Brenda's got a baby and that was based on a true story. So I'm not going to sit here and act holier now, but this is exactly why women should be able to have abortions if they want one. Okay? Texas has some of the strictest abortion laws in the country. Abortion is completely banned except for limited circumstances. So this 21-year-old girl has to carry the term. She reaches out to a family connection asking if they know any families looking to adopt. Imagine looking for a plug for adoption. That's what she did. She was looking for a plug for adoption. Huh? An adoption booster. Exactly. And she didn't even go about the process of doing the adoption, right?


So she ended up putting her baby on Facebook. Marketplace. You can buy furniture, home decor, rugs, and newborn babies all on Facebook marketplace. Now, I asked Lauren LaRosa earlier if there was any newborn babies on Facebook marketplace. I just asked you to look. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe this is normal and we don't know about it. I Ain't seen nothing. I also checked Sheen. Okay, for a baby, baby, come get this baby. I checked Temu for baby daddy. I ain't see none of them available. Okay? Okay. Now what's interesting to me about this situation is Juniper posted in a Facebook group aimed at connecting birth mothers with prospective adoptive parents. So, you know, she indicated that she was located in Houston, but willing to travel if an arrangement could be made.


This poor girl really thought that this is how this works, okay? I just get in a Facebook group with mothers looking to be adoptive parents, And I sell this seven pound, four ounce bundle of joy to the highest bidder. She was literally at the highest hospital waiting for the highest bidder. You had to pay extra for the placenta, but she would sell you the newborn below market rate. Now, authorities were notified after social media users raised concerns about the legitimacy of the adoption. I've never claimed to be the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but unless something has changed drastically in The World, no adoptions happen on Facebook. You just heard Lauren say you can't go on Facebook marketplace, okay, to buy a baby. They don't have no babies for sale and you don't get paid for adopting a child.


And it's illegal to receive payment for putting a child up for adoption. So there's nothing left to see here, folks, please give Juniper, Juniper, Bryson of Houston, Texas the biggest. He haw. Now just, you know, hypothetically, if you were to buy a newborn, where would you want it from? Temu or Sheen? Hmm? I'd probably go Sheen. Sheen, right? Yeah. Yeah. I feel like I know more people who've ordered off a sheen, so my baby would be Legit. Yeah. And then you know with Temu, if they show you the picture of the baby, the baby ain't gonna look the way it look when you get It. Yeah, I feel like Sheen, you can like, you know how you wait until you post photos of your baby till all the like it the all the, the features and all that coming, how they be waiting with Sheen.


I think they would show you all that. Like you would get the before the after you get to know who the dad is, all that. Yeah. You don't wanna little Timmo face baby Little Timmo face baby Envy. Where you ordering from? Forever. Forever What? 21. Where you get your wigs from? That's how I get 'em from Oh, It's from Anitra. Savage. Artistry, you know, custom unit. Custom made Unit. Don't never order a baby from there. That's store. I'm glad you tried them all the way. Y hey, don't ever order a baby from there, okay? No, she don't make babies. She make beautiful units. Jesus get busy. I know that's right. The girls from Delaware get busy with the hands. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We Got Jaleel White Welcome. What's Up Pat? How You feeling man? I'm doing great man. I'm a good man. Good to See you brother. Good to see you brother. You got your new book growing up. Urkel a memoir. I've always loved your story though because you know you are the epitome of taking advantage of a moment seasoned opportunity, right? Because you were so only supposed to be on one episode. One episode. The Family Matters. How'd that happen Again, Charlamagne? I was, I was just a black kid at one of the second Genesis dog. It, it really wasn't that deep. My dad told me that I could get one of anything whenever I got a job because I was resisting going on auditions at this point.


I was five foot four. Me was ready to play basketball, we gonna get into basketball talk at some point. And I wasn't booking jobs at age 12 too much because a lot of the stereotypical roles, I just wasn't fitting it my, my, my profile. I had, like I said, I had braces, I'm five for four And I saw this audition come through And I was like, I can get this job. I Do. What was it? What was it? What did it say? The description I, I included in the book was just, you know, nerdy character Rick. Matter of fact, I was described as a Rick Morran type. So that just shows you what the writer's room was already doing. They're casted a black kid and asking for a Rick Morran type. So I actually read that literally. And then I went and got the Best of Saturday Night Live VHS tape that we had in our house.


And I found Ed Grimley And I basically was doing a black kid's version of Ed Grimley. Yeah. And it wasn't really a good impersonation quite frankly, but because nobody thought that was my, my inspiration, it became mine. Did Did you get the second genesis? I was just always curious. Of course. Oh, you got the second. Okay. I just Wanted to make sure. Of course I got that second genesis. Did you wanna act? Acting was just something that I just did natural Emini here doing this. I was three, so, you know. Did you wanna do anything that your parents got, you started in when you were three? It was just, it just came naturally. I didn't resist it And I enjoyed it. Of course you always enjoyed it. Enjoyed getting a day off of school to go someplace and cool. Yeah, exactly. And have some fun. But as I got to be around the age of 12, I didn't really want to act anymore. I wanted to play, play basketball.


But once I got the show, then I started getting reps in at a different pace. Right. And now once you get reps in, you prove yourself good at something proficient. Like I remember the exact episode where I'm like, oh, this is fun and this audience is my toy. And then the episode's called The Big Fix where I took Laura on a date for the first time because Eddie needed to pay off a bet. And I leveled this French restaurant. Now before we get to, I gotta Remember the episode. Yeah, that's, that's the first episode where I'm like, I could hear the audience different. I can see it in my eyes when I watch the episode. Before We get into to that part of it, is it true that you tried out for Rudy Huxtable? That that part Yeah, I did The Rudy, that's the name Rudy was for boy. Oh wow. Wow.


It was for boy. So there was a debate there and you know, he obviously won out over the network at the end and, and Keisha got the role and they How close did you get? Oh, it came down to me and her. Wow. That's it. They, they auditioned us all day. I actually never forget that audition. They always bring in like two or three options for each role, but they put us in one room for like several hours and kept pairing us and going in and out. And then at the end they said, Hey, well listen, we are pressed for time so we will take you, you, you and you and the rest of you thank you for coming out. So you had all these crying kids just pouring outta that building that had been there all day. And I remember my mom was like, she just had a huge reaction to that. She was like, if you ever react like that to losing an audition again. Oh you cried. You was balling.


Oh we every Emini here. That's a cold way to lose a job when you're seven years old. Did you really understand though It to be picked right in front and been right in front? Because generally it happened, you know, your agent would call you or your agent didn't call you. Right. And my mom was never the type to call the agent also and be like, did we or did we not get the job? And a lot of parents do that, but Did you really understand at seven years old like, oh my God, I'm losing this job. This is like, what? This could be you. Well we were supposed, you Were just like a kid and it was like, no. So you cried, but like, what did you think? No. Well we were supposed to move to New York. Oh. So they were, they had already talked to my parents through our agent and everything and my dad was trying to figure out, 'cause he was just graduating from dental school at the time. My dad was trying to figure out how to do this from New York.


Right. They had practically said the job is yours. And then a little girl came walking in. Damn Wow. Emini here. They do that kind of stuff all the time now that I'm adult and I know that, but at the time it was just, it was just very shocking. So you focused on, and then you become a big fan of the show, right? So you're looking at the show and it's like, oh man, that could have been me. Right? You do, you're doing that, but that passes too. Yeah. Especially when you end up with your own iconic role in the future. Right? I didn't even look at it that way. Okay. Seriously. I just, during that time, Shawn Emini here, I'm telling you man, it's, it's wild to watch fame now because everybody kind of believes like they can have a famous moment and, and it should come easy to them. But back then, like, you know, if you got a chance to meet Magic Johnson, you got a chance to meet Janet Jackson in person. They were inaccessible, right?


They were all talented. Yeah, they were. You know, they, there was an aura literally. I remember the time I met Michael Jordan for the first time and he crept up behind me at the Magic Johnson Midsummer Night classic. And it's just like, he literally had like this little glow around him, this black Jesus glow around him and, and it's different now. It really is. So you didn't think you could be that? You see what I'm saying? Yeah. Now I don't think there, I don't think there is real celebrity now. Oh, now no. Celebrity has completely been diluted. Yeah, it really is. I did, I I, I'll disagree and say there's still some people who have it. Yeah I can, you know, I could see it. There's certain people where they walk in and they have that natural it factor where it's like, okay, you just, you affect the room. You know what I'm saying? Like even when Will Smith used to come in for the NBA All-Star games, when Will was in the room, it was just different.


That's Just, or though, Yeah, that's just Exactly. So, but that's, but that's traditional celebrity, this stuff now, like I said, it's just, it can feel real temporary and it's like, ah, you ain't got the it factor, but but you got the light on you. Right. Did the cast like you, because you went from just supposed to be one episode Yeah. To taking over the whole thing. So did they like you there had to be some resentment, a little bit A kid, nerdy kid coming in there. I said taking the Over, I said it was, it was, it was weird at first. The kids And I, we worked it out the easiest because they had to hear a lot of things that some of their parents are even saying. And you know, when you're a kid and you're hearing what your parents are saying, you're just gonna follow suit with that. But Darius and Kelly And I, we became brothers and sisters. That's our puberty. So I just feel like the division really kind of took place more along the lines of the adults with the adults and the kids were the kids.


You would think that at some point in life people would understand that y'all are a team and it doesn't matter who the star of the team is, if the team Wins is winning. Yeah. But the magic words you say is you would think Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I would Just say Emini here, after all of these years, we haven't learned that. Even when you use the Shaq and Kobe example, like Yeah. That's, you know, you can't change the way people are gonna think when they, when they're coming from a place of ego. You know, I did a lot to extend our run because the reality was the show Was about to get canceled. I know, but they But it's a fact. I get it. You can say that. I don't need to to to to lean in on that, you know, but you know, whether if it was keeping my hair that cut the same way Emini here, it got to the point where I was sick of my own haircut or staying out of the gym, not working out. You know, that sucked from playing basketball. And finally in my senior year, they made you Change the pants that you Were wearing?


Yeah, they made me change the, in the final season. It was like, no more jeans. He doesn't wear any jeans. So I was doing things that was I thought That was Well I get Into it. Go ahead. You thought all I read that He about to get messy. What? Your bulge. He not about get messy. I don care Lauren, don't let I over you. You let Emini here. He wants to talk about your bulge. I wanna be, I want him. You Want me come in Pants? I was getting there. I was gonna let him finish your statement. You jumped to the bulge. How did I get, Go ahead. You jumped all down his pants. Go ahead, Finish. I wouldn't let him work it out, But it will come to the package. Right. Gi That's crazy.


Y'all don't get to sit here. He wild ball. That's crazy. He wild ball. He gives it off. He is waiting for that one for the moment you gives it off. So back to the bulge That James bottom line. They just said no jeans in the final season. Yeah, that was it. Oh, they didn't tell you why they Said no jeans in the final season. They Said The bulge, right? They no, now they did Tell you who said that? The bulge. They did tell You that. They said it was getting a little awkward to see the bulge. That's what the pope said. Jesus. They said no jeans in the final season. Do they Come to your parents and say that? Or did they come directly to you? No, at that point Emini here, come on, I'm on set and I'm taking, I'm getting notes from producers and you know, that Was how See that note, note? That's a funny ass note to tell somebody That's an uncomfortable note Was like hilarious. I Feel like you said that in private, like you pulled my family to the side and we have a very close discussion.


Talk about your son's B what? It's Wild B. Alright, We got more with Jaleel White. AKA Steve Urkel, when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Jaleel White. You know Steve Urkel. Now we were talking about when you were turning into the star, right? So at first you didn't have a dress room. Now you got the biggest dress room. So how was that change? Ugh, Emini here. Big money. I saw money change. Well, The thing about money, which was cool is that my mom was, was so petrified the show would get canceled anyway, that she never bought a new car for the first four seasons of the show.


Oh wow. You know, my mom was that. I think that's why I'm so passionate about the protective job that my parents did. They did so much to try to keep me attached to normal life. Right. You know, they didn't get new cars themselves. My mom demanded that I went to public school. I went to public school during the crazy entire time of that at that time. Yeah. But they, we didn't, that's, but we didn't have cell phones. We didn't have all, well we had cell phones, but they were big bricks at that time. But we didn't have smart phones to invade the privacy to that degree and let everybody know what school he goes to, at least on a nationwide level. So, you know, I would pop into school like every two weeks to three weeks. And, you know, that was something I actually enjoyed doing. Kind of like a magic trick because I, I could go in And I, I could take tests, I could raise my hand, I could answer, answer questions from the teacher.


And my peers are looking at me like, how do you know this stuff? It's like, I study on set too. How Was school? Did you ever get bullied because people looked At you? Oh yeah. No. That's a whole, you talk about it in the book. It is a whole thing. It was like, I I, the first school I, I was attending at the time, I was the only black kid at the entire school, which was awkward too. It was, it was, it was half Asian, it was half white. And now it's since taken over all Asian. When I would go back and pass that school and, you know, that's all, you know, the usual stuff. Can I touch your hair and, you know, not get invited to bat mitzvahs and all that kind of stuff. And then that all changed as soon as I got on the show. Hey, you wanna go to a liquor game with me? And you know, my mom wants your agent number. She's thinking about putting me in the business and now I'm suddenly so popular. So I left that school And I went to what I like to call, like, you know, the Joe Clark School, the Lean on Me light.


In that case I was just, I stood out a little too much and it also raised my hand too much. And I had a teacher that liked me And I liked Ms. Lasseter too. And you know, at schools like that, they don't like those kind of relationships. So ran into problems there. And then my mom found the school that was the, the porch that was just warm enough for me in, in three Bears Story analogy. And, and that was South Pasadena High School. And they kinda had to sprinkle everybody. It was Asian, it was Mexican, it was black, it was wonderful. And I had a great principal named Ben Ramirez when he rest in peace, who just, you know, kind of went out of his way to make sure that I was always welcome on campus. So, Because even in your book you talk about having your dressing room kind of like set up like a NBA locker Room. Yeah. Dressing room. My dressing room was cool.


A dressing room. You really wanted to go to the NBA, like that was a really, I think it was about going to the NBAI was a huge Emini here. Listen, if you grew up in the nineties, the NBA just was just was different man. It it landed on your life. It was, it was everything. Got you. So I, you know, I, once I started gaining some influence, you know, you could do certain things in the set decorator for our show Transformed


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands the early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Otco Koka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, RO eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


The second room in my dressing room into an actual NBA locker room. Mm. So I had all the different lockers. That's dope. And you know, that's where I would change to get ready for the show. Wow. You know what I wanted to, did the cast members on Family Matters? Was it a level of hate and jealousy and envious? Envious. Envious. R Envious. Envious. I'm sorry. Yeah. It was a envy. You Know what, Emini here. R It's your chance to get him. You jump on him. Now. R in hindsight, are you really difficult to Work with? No, absolutely not. Okay. You know, I, because Original VE Johnson said that. Okay. But, okay, so let me make it easy for you then. How come you never heard that from the kids? Kelly speaks Darius is everywhere. There. Everywhere. How come you never heard that from the kids? Yeah. You know, when you, when you, when you leave a show, first of all, the difference between movie stardom and TV stardom is when you're a movie star, you're still a star.


Even if you don't have a movie out when you're TV star, unless you're on tv, you're not a star. And that's just the way the business treats you. So I think people go through a lot of personal trauma sometimes after a show has gone off the air, divorces, investments maybe didn't go right, et cetera, et cetera. And it causes people to look back on things with kind of a jaded look. And it was like, man, we had fun. We did. Even the pictures I I I picked out for the book. You know, I wanted to show pictures of us chilling. You know, I wanted to show me Reggie and Darius, you know, chilling in Paris when we shot two episodes in Paris, we're the only black show to ever shoot in Europe. That was a big deal. You know, we had this, I'll never forget we had this giant $12,000 meal at the top of the Eiffel Tower as a, who paid as a cast. Okay. Oh, I'm glad you asked.


My mom took that bill and handed to production 'cause she had the clout to do that. Mm. But Joe's there, Reggie's there. Well, we was balling at the top. But again, you balling. So, you know, it's almost kind of like when you hear Scottie Pitman talking about the Bulls now it's like, Scotty, you can't say nothing nice about the Bulls. Have you? You was rock stars dog. You, you and Mike didn't kick it at all. Right? Are you sure that's how you Remember it? Have you recently talked to any of the cats? 'cause I know Joe Marie Peyton, like she had come out and said that you guys had a little, whatever that situation was, That's why don't want to fight each other. Yeah. Like, can you Jesus, first of all, clarify that story because that's just a wild No, that's just, there's nothing to clarify. I'm talking about a coworker of over 30 years ago And I was a minor. You don't think if there was any validity of that wouldn't have come out sooner?


I'm like, how so? Not a hundred percent nothing happened. I Emini here. Where did come from? Emini here. Percent. No. Like, but I'm not, I'm not getting in back and forth. I'm sorry. Yeah. I'm just doing too good to, I get what you're saying, getting the back and forth with, you know, with a woman who's over 70 and I've been kind of like mentally ingrained to not fight with my elders. Like, all right, if that's the way you saw it, cool. It is what it is. Well, she recently said though, on the stage, I think I forget where they were at, but the, the cast was there and you weren't there. And, and she said that like, you know, she wished that you were there and if you were there she would hug you. And she kind of, you know, that whole thing. So have y'all talked or is there, Why does, why does what she have to say hold so much more validity than what my other cast members have to say? I'm just curious. I think, oh, I think that the age thing does play a factor. 70 old black woman.


Yeah. What you say? You know what Emini here, I think that definitely plays a factor as well. But I think she's one of the first people that alleged like the bad stuff to, that I saw come out and be like, man, we should just hug it out. I wanted, And I, it made me wonder like, have y'all talked? Like what changed? So the people that I talked to regularly is Kelly and Darius. And again, I don't call them Laura Netty. So I, you know, I, I called Kelly about this book, you know, and we spoke extensively and you know, Kelly called me two weeks ago. But it's weird for us, by the way, also when we go out and eat or anything like that, you know, we like little back rooms and stuff. Like, I freak out. That's Y'all sitting down. People saw, if people saw me and Kelly just, oh my god, at Crustaceans in Beverly Hills and whatever, it tends to turn into a big, Hey, can I get a selfie fest? Right? So, you know, like, damn, Marco won.


You really gotta, you gotta, so, you know, we, we, we keep it private. I have a very good relationship with all the cast members who've ever wanted a relationship with me beyond the show. And I don't have anything negative to say about Reggie. When people ask me who was your favorite scene partner? I'm like, the chemistry I had with Reginald Vel Johnson. I remember the episode where it clicked for us, it's called Boxcar Blues, where we were stuck in a train together all these cows. And Steve is just getting on his nerves and you know, Reggie just couldn't look at me without breaking up, without, you know, without breaking character. And we just, we developed this amazing chemistry. But adults are adults and they're going through adult things too.


And also I'm a kid. So you know what, I'll tell you one way, maybe I could have been annoying. I dribble my basketball every everywhere. If I was in school, it's Gillette, we need you on set. Boom, boom, boom. Basketball, basketball, basketball. Well, adults get annoyed when a kid is just dribbling and bouncing the ball all over the place. Is that difficult? How old you, I'm talking about 13, 14 years old. Yeah, That's what I'm saying. I, I always feel like adults would have a little bit more grace Standing. I'm, I'm approaching it from a very self, especially if they got kids self-aware, you know, standpoint. So I'm like, okay. Yeah, no, that's, And I remember Joyce Webb, one of our script supervisor be like, oh, Harry comes with the basketball. Of course. It's like, okay, you know, I'm like, but if that's, if that translates 25 years later to being difficult, I'll take it.


All right. We got more with Jaleel White when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's dj, JNV, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the Rosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking in with Jaleel White, AKA Steve Urkel. Now let's talk about your first kiss. Let's talk about your first kiss because everybody would be getting arrested and nowadays if that was it. So No, it wouldn't because he is a guy. Oh. And only they don't do that to Guy. Exactly. So, so break down your first kiss. Exactly. 13 years old on set. He's a, he's ahead of me on this one. No, we had his, we had a scene man where, you know, Steve and Eddie get hot at the dice table and they're rolling the dice and this woman is supposed to gimme a kiss, just plant one on me before my last dice roll.


And during rehearsals all week, she had just pretty much given me a peck. It was just a peck. Yeah, because you, you just go through the motions. But with that hot live studio audience there, man, she just, yo she gave me the whole shebang. And so when I pulled back and this was your first time kissing you look? Yeah, I had never kissed a girl before. I Was about say how did you know what to do? No, I didn't. I wasn't, first of all, I wasn't even planning for that. I know you're supposed to put your lips together, but I didn't know that anything else was really supposed to happen to that. Exactly. I wasn't, I wasn't seasoned. Got you. I was. And so she does it. And my whole, my thinking at the time was do not break character. Do not ruin a good take. You know, that's what you just kind of taught as a, as a comedic actor and, and as a kid. And so when I went to my dressing room, I just kind of involuntarily tears started coming down my face.


'cause I was just like, that was weird. And then my dad corners me and he is like, what's wrong? Executive producer comes back like, what's wrong? And I was just like, you know, like she put her tongue in my mouth. Like I of I've I'm surprised your mother didn't whoop put ass. So, you know, it's so funny everybody says that, but it was like my father was present and was dealing with the issue. So there was no reason to inject. And once it was revealed, what happened? They all started laughing. Let's start the men two movement. Let Dad start the Men two document to me. My dad's left, one is her name, my dad's left. No, do not find this woman. Do not troll this woman at all. No, I'm serious because it's like, that's one of the things that I'm very protective of is we have to embrace what double standards were leave them in the past.


But it's okay. Like I can laugh at it. I'm saying like, from the time that it happened to my dad and the executive producer coming in to me, walking back out on stage to do now the next scenes, even the hot, the crew hot five, she put it on you young fella, you hung in there, you did your thing. And it was like, it was very clear to me all the signals that I was getting was that might've been yucky the way it went down. But apparently I'm going to get a lot more of that. So my machismo says, yeah, okay. All right. Go with the flow. What about the trauma you went through? Because it was immediately after that scene they told you that you can't wear pants Anymore. Oh you know what? See I, I see how you doing. I see how you'll be here all week. Tip your waitresses on the way, gentlemen. I know in the book you talk about i the meeting that you had with the exec about the remake or the spinoff, the reboot rebo the reboot, your version that you wanted to happen.


Yeah. In my opinion was way better. I don't know if you wanna say it, you want people to read the book, but ah, thank was way better than what they had pitched to you. Thank you. Will we ever get that? And can you, could you do that on your own? Listen, first of all, you can't do it on your own. You know, that's the thing about television that people have to respect. It's the only art form I feel that still has gatekeeping still very much in place. And you can either be bitter about it or you can fight the good fight and look for the person that's gonna be your champion. That's just, it is what it is. I was never offered a reboot. I always wanna make that very clear. And even my vision for the show that I have, it's not about me, it's about three dimensional characters that would actually resonate and translate in 2024. Because I worked for the producers who coined the phrase Jump the shark.


Fonzi jumped the shark, he jumped over a shark, right? Yeah. Yeah. Those are my producers, the exact same producers. So you're not going to invite me to jump the shark again? I was offered a blind contract and half my pay of what I got for the last episode. And there was no consideration given to the adults that actually have such a large opinion over what terms they would return to. I'm like, the way they were being discussed was, well, you know, Harod and Carl will come by and they'll visit the new family every now and then. It like, Hollywood doesn't really, they engage talent when they need talent. They pay talent when they need talent. And, and this isn't even a black thing. I don't want this to turn into a a, a black thing. I'll hear guys like Chris Pine or whatever, who's, you know, he's like, I don't know what they're gonna do next with Star Trek.


Like I love playing the character, but when they call me, they call me. So I love the opportunity to make the show that, that I envisioned, that was never turned down. It was never pitched. I was just offered a blind contract and around that they were going to develop the reboot. Now you never there I was watching the interview. You did? And you said you never got invited to none of the Hollywood Parties. Nah, nah. Emini here I did. I went to a lot of nice parties, but none of, none of the, like the stuff that started gaining a lot of steam on, on on social media like, you know, the Rock Nation brunch or, or obviously, you know, you're talking about my man yo, you the Diddy parties or whatever. Like, nah, none organically. Nah. Did you laugh once said Reginald Johnson used to get invited. Stop to calm down.


Gotta you gotta Low and di did Rumors. Listen, you gotta calm him down. You, you just, you ever seen him around seven? We just, we gonna slow it down for a sake. You know what I'm saying? Because sometimes you can just be driving too fast. That's true. That's true. So you're not paying attention to the to to the That's true. You know, that's true. Talking too fast to the speed limits. To the speed. Exactly. We in a 35 zone right now. What happened to Judy? Man, how Judy just walked upstairs. Emini here. I talked about it in book. I know, I know. There were a multitude of factors that went into her departure from the show that I blame all on her mother. But as a performer, they weren't giving her storylines. She wasn't the best at delivering a joke. You know, sometimes they would give her material and it would just fall flat. And if you fall flat and run throughs, they gonna rewrite you and you know, we're kids back then, so, you know, kids, that's the thing.


You can't roast each other nowadays, at least not in public. But trust me, kids are still roasting each other. That's never going to go away. Right. So, you know, we'd be sitting in the background and like, and she blows the layup, you know, it was like, and she, you know, and it's just like, you know, you can only mess up so much and be arrogant about it in the fur coat and a Mercedes too before somebody says enough of this. You know? And in this situation I really felt like, you know, Jamie was born to a mother who put herself before her daughter and she had ideas of grandeur that weren't necessarily very realistic. And it sucks for Jamie that she has to wear that scarlet letter for the rest of her life. And, And I hope that Jamie finds peace outside of show business to be quite honest. You know, this show business can start to make you think that this is the only way to make money.


This is the only way to live. Like if it didn't, I talk about that with Jonathan Brandis because I've, he passed away and he took his life And I just, I was very close to him at that particular time And I saw signs of someone that was really putting too much emphasis on what this business meant to his existence on earth. I don't have time for one more. Yeah. Jump In here. Myra, Michelle Thomas. Yes. Every time. Be careful now. That's my girl. I know. I was gonna say, every time you talk about her, it's very emotional for you. And it like I feel that that's your girl, right? Yeah. Or was I wanna know off, off camera when you guys developed your relationship that we then saw on camera 'cause it was so believable. What was that off-camera relationship like and like building that for the characters on camera? Like how did you guys, 'cause you were so young.


Yeah. Nah, just, you know, Michelle started off playing Malcolm Jamal Warner's girlfriend on the, on the Cosby Show. So she was always older than me. So even though she was so small and bubbly and you know, big, but she was, she, I looked at her like a little sister. I'm like a big sister. Yeah. We just had this amazing chemistry. My mama loved her too. So that always that that made things easy and she just made it her business to always wanna, always wanna hook me up with somebody. And she introduced me to Martha's Vineyard, you know, spending summers there and we just had an amazing chemistry. She was just, and she was just down like everybody knew Michelle. Everybody knew Michelle in the music business. Everybody music just everywhere we went, people loved Michelle. Yeah. And unfortunately she passed away to stomach cancer and that was just a very emotional time because we just knew what she was going through as an actress.


Yeah. So during the time when she went out, I just, I wish that there had been some better opportunities for her, you know what I'm saying? Like, you Want people to buy the book growing up Urkel, but you know, it is, it is interesting to see how much of the love y'all created off camera. Yeah, no, it was, it was real love man. Like, you know, I, I get it. Yes. It was bumpy in the beginning, especially with the adults and, and, and the parents of some of the kids. But that's my puberty, you know, Darius is out here wilding at times. You know, he And I, we slide each other's dms, but that's my brother Emini here. We've all had, you know, brothers or whatever, frat brothers or or college friends that, you know, bugging out or whatnot. But you don't abandon that cat. You still taking his call. Y'all just laugh it off. And that's what my relationship is with, with Kelly and Darius.


It's very brotherly and Sister Lee. And you know, I'll always defend our entire cast actually for the work that we did. That's what it is. Well, Jaleel White ladies and gentlemen growing up, it's a pleasure. My brother is out right now. Make you pick it up. Breakfast, breakfast Club out now. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Or leave us on a positive note. The positive note is simply this man, remind yourself that winning an argument are proving your point really gets you nowhere in the long run. Win through your actions, not your words. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh with the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Starro eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne to God And I want to introduce you to Uber Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips and highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter, so I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence and you can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't. When your teen requests a trip, they are matched with highly rated and experienced drivers and you receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you, the parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today available in select locations. See app for details.


At and t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I'll call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


January 2nd on a, b, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and CLIA Sheer as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's January 2nd at eight seven Central on a, b, C and will be available to stream next day on h.