
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Outta Y'all. This weekend, get an all access pass to Apple TV plus no time like the present. Forbes is calling Apple TV plus the best streaming service out there right now. With critically acclaimed hit series and films like Severance, shrinking Wolves, Ted Lasso Silo, and the Morning Show. We are not finished. We're On a hot streak, but don't just take their word for it. See for yourself. It looks fabulous. I can't wait to see it. Stream Apple TV plus for free. January 4th through January 5th. Aite de required.


Good Morning, usa. Yo yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It is Wednesday. Happy and New Year's Now. Today's show is all about self-help. Charla, man, we got some special guest joining us today. You always say guest is special. Who are these people? Wallo. He's joining us today. Very special. That's my guy. Jay Shetty. J oh man. Very, very special. Now you see you really talking about some special people And Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, Very special individuals. All three of those people help people in various ways. What I really love about all three of those individuals is their commitment to making sure that our people are emotionally and mentally healthy. That's right. And we gonna be talking to those three individuals next all throughout the show.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is your time to get it off your chest chief calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Tamika from Westchester. Hey Tamika. Get it off your chest, mama. Okay. Good morning. Be Charmaine. I'm a fan. Good morning. I just wanted to get off my chest, the fact that I did nothing and now I'm a broken up with a boyfriend that I've been with for three years because his girlfriend, his side girlfriend thinks that I'm hurtful. Wait a minute. His side girlfriend, you stalker.


A stalker. Alright. Explain this to me a little bit more now. So, okay. Okay. So I've been with this boy for like almost three years. Okay. And when I came outta my relationship, he came outta his relationship for a long time and he still wanted to explore and all that. And we didn't know what we was. So he told me like, oh, I'm talking to this one, I'm talking to that one, talking that one. So it's like, okay, whatever. But Tom had passed and he had started moving his stuff into my apartment and we started establishing things. I worked for the city. I put him on my insurance. We started establishing and making plans.


I didn't realize how strong of a connection he was making with other girls. But then he comes to me one day and tells me that the other girl, Okay, okay, I've heard enough. So you're not his only girl? No, I'm not his only girl. No. Okay. So what are you calling here to ask us now? Well, she's upset because she put him on insurance support with Serious. No, this is just getting off my chest. I wasn't asking Anything. Oh, you just, you just mad at yourself for being stupid. Hey. Yes. How old are you? 34. 34 years old. How many girls has this man got? I, who knows. You can understand it Though. Many. How many yeast infections have you had since You'all? I know Your pH balance is always, Oh, stop it. Come on. No, it's not. Oh, Okay.


I understand though. 'cause you, you put him on insurance, he moved in. You thought it was more serious than it was and he was still playing the field. Well, See, see, I want to tell you that, that you know, you can do better. The point, That's not the point that I'm mad at. The part that I'm mad at is that I have nothing to do with his other relationships. And I'm being accused of being a, a random girl's stalker. Why would you care? And I don't even know this girl. Why would you even care? You, you shouldn't even speak to me. Why would I even Care? This is what I saying. You ever been accused of something you absolutely did not do? Yes. And just super frustrated. Yes. But then also super relieved because it's like you never trust me in the beginning, but it's just super frustrating.


Well stop, Stop cursing. I Really didn't do it. I understand you're upset, but stop cursing. But understand that the truth don't need no defense. It only needs witnesses. So as long as you know the truth matters, that's the most, most important thing matters. But the truth is, you just one of this man's hoes. Now you need to ask yourself, do you just want to be one of this man's hoes or do you want to be more to somebody? Because if you want to be more to somebody, then you need to go find that somebody. 'cause it's not gonna be with him. Yeah. I'm sorry you went through that mama. But take him off the insurance Asap. You it. He still going to it. No. Take him off the insurance Asap. She ain't gonna do none of that. Is he still on The insurance? Yeah. Who that talking to you in the background? Nobody. That's y'all on the radio. Oh yeah, man. You just another one of his hoes, man. And I, and you know, I think that you deserve better than that.


That's right. But you know he did keep it 100 with you from the beginning. It's not like he lied to you. Yeah, he Didn't lie. And y'all didn't have a conversation. You just assumed because he moved in. But that was not a great assumption, obviously. Thanks. And I know it's hard. I know it's hard. Three, four years of raw sex. Three, you know what I'm saying? Him blowing in your bunkie. I know it got, I know it got you a little open man. But you know, you, you deserve better. Thanks. I'm sorry mama. Have a great Day. Have a good day. Damn Man. She should take him off insurance right now. You not get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 on The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray.


Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get On the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey guys, it's Sandra, the Haitian therapist. Hey. Hey Sandra. Hey sae. I heard from you in forever. Sandra, where you been at? I I know working, you know, as busy season for depression and anxiety. Yes, it is seasonal and seasonal depression is a real thing around this time of year. So I listened to the Dr. Cheyenne Bryant interview And I just wanted to make clear that she is not a licensed therapist. Oh. Some of the things she was saying was pretty concerning.


Oh. Especially with saying people can't change. That's the foundation of our whole, you know, thing is that you can change and that it would be completely unethical to see a wife and a husband separately and then together for couples counseling. That is not something that counselors can do. Hmm. I think people took out, they took it outta context when she said you can't change though. She was just saying that you gotta be willing to, to shift something in you first before you make a permanent change. No, I didn't. Understandable. No, she didn take that Because even, even you questioned it like, you know what Emini here. Like she Correct. She said that after you Questioned it said People, they don't change.


She said people pivot that, that No, she said the pivot starts to change is not true. No, she said the, That is like the basis. She said the pivot starts to change therapy that you can change. Yeah. She Said the Starts to change. So Dr. Elliot, Connie, he is like my number one. If it wasn't for him, I wouldn't have gone into private practice. 'cause solution focused brief therapy is my favorite. It's the best Modality. Yes, he is. It is absolutely the best. You should, everybody should pick up Elliott Connie's book, change your Questions, change Your Future. It's out right now. And Thank you for calling. Yeah. Because you can change. No problem. Alright. And, and check out the Family Therapist podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network hosted by Elliot Connie. Hello. Who's this?


Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. James from the Carolinas. What up? Get it off your chest. What part I'm from? I'm in Lumberton. Lumberton. All right. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. I I wanted to ask y'all, when y'all interviewed JAL White, did he happen to mention what it was like to work with Michael Boogaloo Shrimp Chambers? Who The hell is that? Michael? Who? Y'all. Y'all don't remember him, man, that's turbo from breaking and breaking two. I don Remember Breaking was my movie. I Didn't him About Boo. Nah, I ain't know where he worked but him. He was in a movie. Nah, he, he was in one of the episodes on Family Matters. He played this Urkel bot.


I don't remember that. Nah, we didn't ask him about that one Brother. Salute the Turbo though. You threw me off. And you said Michael Boogaloo. Yeah. Yeah, boo. Yeah. We ain't Ask him about that one brother. Terrible. Yeah, man, it, I just, I was just wondering. All right, bro. That's crazy. I never knew Turbo's real name till you said it. And I thought Boogaloo was the light-skinned one with the heck that wore the hat And the nose ring. Yeah. I ain't know. That was terrible. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up. Now's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. We have Dr. Cheyenne Bryant.


Welcome. Good Morning Up. You're one of the people in the mental health space who are, who's using, who's really using social media. Right, right. Like, you know, 'cause you've used it to, you know, elevate your platform and just elevate the conversation around mental health. So I applaud you on That. Yeah, thank you. I appreciate that. Yeah. I always say I didn't get into this field to become a celebrity, but God has his own plans. Right. So I literally, in my master's and my ATE program, I remember our, my professor saying, everyone who's gonna get licensed raise your hand. I didn't raise my hand. Everybody else did. And he's like, doc, you going, you know, with Cheyenne at that time, you're going through all this not get license. I'm like, no. 'cause I'm gonna be on a platform where I'm able to change lives. Didn't think that it ended up being a platform where, to this magnitude one and then to the place where literally I didn't want it.


Mm. The whole celebrity status and lifestyle. And not that I'm saying I don't want it now And I don't like it. It's just this is not where I expected it to go. But again, if God needs to use a celebrity, this, you know, whether the celebrity status brings me the naysayers or the sayers, whatever it brings, as long as they can get a tip or two that gives them a, a better quality of life and helps them become better mentally, then run the play. I'm cool with it. Now you talked about your calling. So when it came, when it comes to your calling, what is your calling? What do you specialize in? Is it relationships? Is it dealing with people's problems? Is it just listening? What is your specialty when it comes to it? And what's your calling? I love that. So I started off as a marriage and marriage Emini here, child therapist. And I tell God, I said, listen, I'm, I am a little girl from the hood. You know what I come from.


Don't put me in the hood and don't put me with court order. DCF kids. Not that I had a problem with them, I didn't wanna be triggered dealing with them And I didn't wanna have to deal with what I came from. I wasn't in the system. But I came from that type of adversity. And the first place God put me was off of a Dale and Slauss, And I don know if y'all familiar with la, but a block away from Slauson swap meet in the hood. And every one of my clients were court order DCFS, department of Family and Child Services. We had moms in there who were pregnant, still still hitting the pipe, asking me can I sign off on the documents so they can get the kids back? Mm. Because I was predicated on their reunification with their kids. And so started off as doing that when I got my doctorate, I transitioned to a psychology expert life coach.


My specialty then was marriage, family, child therapy. So that is my foundation. So now that I am a psychology expert life coach, I don't, I can't get rid of that because I, that's my foundation. I do psycho dynamic and CBT, but I couple it, which is my hybrid approach with coaching. So it's therapy and coaching, which is hybrid. And I say this without humility, that's why I'm so effective, because therapy is, tell me more. Let me hear about your trauma, your daddy issues, your mom issues. Why are you who you are? And then once you, you're finished dealing with that and you process that, okay, DJ envy, where the hell you going from there? I, I do have one, one other question. When it comes to the therapy PA aspect, I'm sure The World has been watching the Mendez brothers. Right? And I had a question, right? Yeah. So the Menez brothers, if you don't know, they confessed their crime to their therapist.


And they believed that the therapist could not tell police officers because it was, I guess patient client privilege. But they did. So does that mean anything that I tell a therapist or that anybody tells a therapist can and can possibly be used against him in a court of law? A hundred percent. So a therapist is only under confidential oath unless you are threatened to kill yourself and someone else. And it can't just be a threat. It has to be, you have a, you actually have like a, a action plan to do so. Right? You can't just come to me and say, Hey doc, look, you know, I wanna kill myself. I'll help you process through that and hopefully talk you off the ledge. But if you say, I got a plan at 9:00 PM I'm leaving the house. I'm gonna do X, Y, and Z to my wife, then I have a a duty to report.


If I'm subpoenaed to court, I have to speak on that. Can you reach Out to the court and say, subpoena me? I need to be subpoenaed. I need to, I personally would never do that just because I, I believe in following the oath of, and maybe I just love and respect my clients too much. But if you came to me and said something, I'm just not, And I know this is smaller than murder, but I've had married couples who come separately and together and the husband is just lightening it up in his individual sessions. Like, I'm cheating. I'm, I'm, I'm intimate with this person and that person is family members, this, this, and I'm, and I'm having to just make sure I process my counter transference because I'm sitting there like, damn. And I have her in one hour. In one hour. God. Now, of course, if it was like my girlfriend, I'd be like, But you wanna take your girlfriends though, right?


It's Friend. My best friend couldn't be. That's, that's a complic. She could never come to me as her, as her psychology expert, any of that. But I, then I'd be, I'd be, you know, ripping into him. Talk to me from the human perspective because you still, you still a real M So when You hear stuff like that, when you hear a guy come in one hour, he doing X, Y, and z and the woman coming to the next aisle, what is going through your mind about to do? See, You know, in my mind, honestly, what I tried to do and, and, and, and some of my clients have followed this guidance. I have one client now he's is, is, he's married and the wife has attempted to divorce him. And she's divorcing him because he cheated. But she doesn't have any hard facts on him. So I've all, I've actually been able to process with him whether you are gonna be with this woman or not, if you wanna be with her or you wanna be able to leave and do better at, at some point, you gotta be able to be real with yourself and real with her.


And you gotta be transparent. When do you plan on doing that? So he just literally this week or last week? 'cause this week he told me, doc, I sat with her And I told her that it's been, you know, a few times that I did cheat. Mm. And I said, how does she respond? He said, she said, now we can have a conversation. Mm. Because now you keeping it real. And when I had her in session, I said, listen, triggered. Triggered. Right? Yeah. Oh, kidding. But I told her, I said, look, you have two options. I said, either if you're willing to learn to love a dog, we can start that process because you know, or we can start the process of you leaving and starting over. And she goes, what do you mean by a dog? He said, but he didn't. We've been together for 10 years. He's never cheated The first time. I said, no, no baby. I said, he been quiet for 10 years. He's, he decided to bark on year number 10.


Jesus. So you don't think that he could change in that marriage and not cheat anymore? First of all, nobody changes, including me. We shift and that changes our life. And when I say we shift, we shift out of the things and behaviors that don't serve us after we learn they're not working. Gotcha. And then we have to learn to manage those. Got you. So I am very firecracker. When I was younger, I was very temperamental. I was very, you know who the you talking to real quick? I just, because of my trauma, because of things, I just had a very protective, by all means necessary. I'm the oldest of seven. So I was, you know, I've light this place up. Is that still in me after all of my healing? Hell yeah. Do I manage it? Absolutely.


Managing it just means that I'm high function. I'm able to regulate my emotions, identify my emotions, don't get into my feelings because emotions are healthy. Feelings cause problems. Right. And I can Just say, okay, I identify that I'm angry, I'm frustrated. So now let me choose my response. Before I was low functioning, once I felt it, I was triggered. And everybody here was gonna know and it was gonna be a problem. So does that still come up? Yeah. But do I have self-taught that says we not doing that? So you would never date a man that cheated before because you feel like he will always be a cheater. Is that what you're saying? I think that's also circumstantial. So I do believe that different relationships bring out different things in us. I was also an extreme alpha in my first engagement. I had two engagements called off, two weddings. My first relationship I was engaged to, I was extreme alpha.


So even if he tried to be alpha, I left no space. It was like, hell no, by all means necessary. Because I said someone you can walk, like, I'm chasing my career. I know my value. I'm not foist. I got a daddy, he spoils me. Good day. So even in that, do you feel like that he wasn't man enough for you? Or like, what was that? Do you think that's your fault? Do you look back and be like, ugh, I was trying to be the man, not trying to be the man, but I actually, I I gave him, because you just said you gave no room for him to do it. So do you regret that part of It? I think that's a duality. I think he chose a woman who was alpha because it fed something in him that was beta. Yeah. I chose a man who was beta because my alpha needed to be inflamed. But my second engagement, he was alpha.


That's why I say it's circumstantial. But not only was he alpha, I was ready. I had these submissive fills in me already. So by the time we got in a relationship, I was a hybrid. By then I was alpha submissive. So I was cooking, he was daddy, I was soft. I was in my feminine. And the, the, the blessing of that is I got to experience both. And I learned that I fell more in love with myself and my softness than he probably did. Yeah. That thing. All right. We have more with Dr. Cheyenne Bryant when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club.


We're still kicking it with Dr. Cheyenne Bryant. Of course, she has a show, truth talks on Fox Soul Monday through Friday at 8:00 PM She's a psychology expert. A life coach, Jess. So the interview with Cam, and also I saw that you sat down with Nick, right? Did they reach out to you or did you reach out to them? So Nick reached out to me. Okay. And said, doc, what's up? Like, I wanna work through some things. Hmm. But I wanna work through it on camera. Hmm. And I said, okay, no problem, but I'm gonna penetrate. Mm. So we're not doing this on camera. I'm Gonna camera penetrate he crazy words thing. The thing that trigger you is crazy. So when that trigger him, so He liked penetration. It's Funny because Nick always goes, doc, do you have to use that word?


I'm like, yeah, I am. I'm penetrating you at the space that obviously is broken. Yeah. And that is dysfunctional and toxin. So you Say you need to grow too. See men just don't change. No. Nope. Like you to your a 12-year-old girl right now, little boy. Little boy is definitely present. Definitely present. So when he says, all right, I need to work through some things, you're like, okay on camera. Does that then in your mind say, mm, is this for real for real? Or do you want to appeal to a certain market, you know, to a certain audience? I love that. You know what I'm saying? Great observation. Yeah.


I didn't look at it like that because I look at it like I have a job to do. And so my intent was to use Nick's situation and shift a whole culture of black men. Same with Cam. And it happened, there were a lot of naysayers, but a lot of black men were actually in there creating the vi


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Ironist and saying, listen, doc is right. We need to create more husbands. Unless baby daddy Cam was resistant. But Cam had to answer a lot of questions in his household. Cam had a lot of stuff, he had a lot of different conversations he had to have with that woman. Yeah, I saw Cam say, cam said that, you know, it, it affected his relationship with his first two baby moms. Yep. And, and his current situation. Yeah. So you, you feel any remorse for that or No? Yeah, because I'm here to interrupt that pattern. No. Like should have been interrupted a long time ago. Long time ago. Yeah. You know, cam and you come from, and not that this breeds good decision making people, but Cam comes from, he's a pastor's child. He comes from two parents that are still married and they're still very, they're pastors very much involved with the church. That goes to show you, like the Bible said, it was good for me that I was afflicted because you got people who come from brokenness.


This is why I said these kids are not doomed who make different decisions because it's not about where a lot of times it's not where you go and they get you where you, where you going. It's where you trying to get the hell away from. Yeah. And a lot of times parents. Yeah. Like I, I was telling Ray J this Ray j is my client as well. Jesus. And leave My boy low. Yeah. I was telling Ray, I said, Ray, I love your parents. They showed you everything to do. Right. They didn't show you what not to do. And it, see for me, I had a a, a circumcision environment that showed me everything not to do. Right. Hmm. So sometimes knowing what not to do saves you from doing the wrong. I Was just gonna ask, how do you deal with your other clients if you have Ray J.


Yeah. Who do you talk to after you talk to Ray J? Which one? Do you have a therapist? I you I do. Oh yeah. I have, I have that. I have wise counsel. Yeah. I, yeah. Yeah. I have a nice group. A nice, really healthy ecosystem. Okay. Of people who are in, you know, counselors and coaches and who are not. Right. What Do you say? What do you say to people that say, you know, how do you give advice on marriages or marriage couples when you, when you're not married, that was, what do you say to those people? I love that I say that. I don't wanna hear you've been together 15 years with miserable. 13. I'd rather take advice from a single woman or man who's happy, thriving, successful meaning in their joy. Not just in their monetary value than someone who is miserable in their marriage with a side dude and a side chick. And you wanna gimme an advice that you give yourself that you use in your failed marriage.


I'll pass. I'm probably bitter. I'll pass, I'll pass. And what happens is, married people like to shun on single folks. The Bible also says single people are happy people. Mm. Charlie You heard That. Look that up. It says marriage Take Lauren, please. Discipline. No, it says marriage take discipline. And I, because a Lot of times they say that you reach out to older couples that's been married longer because for a long time they'll tell you how to deal with the marriage than people you know. Like some people Just say don't, she just said don't hang out with your single friends. You talk to married couples that's been in the, in that situation longer. No. And you know why that's true? Because folks who have been married 10, 50, 20 years, they've been through the trenches. Yeah. So they not gonna teach you how to be happy. We got that single si. We got that. I've had that all my life.


They gonna teach you how to get through the, the times when you ain't happy y'all married. You know that let's not play this game. You married, you know that. You think people get married too early. I think people choose the wrong people. I think people choose their fairy to ideology. They're not choosing the person. See, people are choosing marriage and not a husband. They're choosing marriage and not a wife. Mm. And so when you're choosing marriage, you get the title, you get the looks of it, but you're not getting a person. So you're a beautiful house who's homeless. They like the idea of of divine idea. Idea the idea. And those are people who are fatherless, sometimes motherless who just need something to be a part of. I just need this companionship. I want the title. I don't feel valued. I don't feel validated. So because we're married, I got somebody who's checking for me.


I got somebody who can get me through the day. But you gotta be able to check. Even in marriage, I was engaged for 10 years, you know, because I kept calling it off, calling it off. And he was like, you keep getting these degrees, you keep saying wait for the next degree. We get married. And by time I went and got my doctor, he's like, baby, you done got four degrees. I ain't waiting no more. Yeah. Engagement for 10 years. I kept putting it off. 'cause I knew that that wasn't my person. I was gonna say, You said you knew he was. And I, And I ended up leaving. I ended up leaving him. You know, unfortunate for him, are you strung? Learn for 10 years. 10 years? And she said He was a great guy. Great guy. He was a great guy. He just wasn't my guy. Right. And so for 10 years he thought he was the guy, You strung him along for 10 years. Why you ain't let him go be great with somebody else that would appreciate him and Love him? So I'm not saying for 10 years, I knew he wasn't the one when we got about year number five or six.


And I seen that his work ethic and his ability to provide at the level that I wanted our family to, to be at, I knew that he wasn't mine. My guy. And when I say provide, I'm not talking about like he was making six figures And I was like, no, make millions. I'm saying his thing was, baby, I'm cool with me, you a dog in, in a one bedroom apartment. Hmm. And just no work ethic at all. So for the first six years I thought, well I'm out here getting it. I have a legal company, you know, I own property. I'm only 22. I'm getting all these college degrees. How can he not be inspired by me? See that's that age appropriate young woman. He got potential. Let me stay. That's why people should take their time. Time when I senior number seven and eight, this guy was the same guy who was, I hate talking because he's such a good guy.


I always protect him when I talk about him. But where he was lazy and he had no work ethic, I had a pivot. Did he acquire more in the future? No, he's still in the same place. So I made the right decision. All We have more with Dr. Cheyenne Bryant when we come back, don't move is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, psychology expert life coach. You know, she has her show Truth talks on Fox Soul. Now I want to ask you about some internet rumors that I seen. You know, Cory Holcomb said some, some things about you about not having your degree and, and where you started off all as a, I guess working in the strip club. Is any of that stuff true? You said you're not a real doctor, you said? Yeah. You're not a real doctor. No. So I have four degrees, three are in psychology, one's in Pan-African studies.


My doctor degree is in counseling psychology. My master's in marriage and child therapy. All degrees are in psychology. Where this Cory Holcomb thing comes from is we did, I was on a show 10 years ago when I actually, I think it was before I even had my doctor degree. And Corey is used to being able to be very disrespectful to women and do his thing. Yeah. He Was on the show with him or was just, He was a guest on a show. I was co-host. Okay. He was a guest and I drilled his ass. Be honest, it's on YouTube. People could, you know, look at it. And I cut into him And I say, you seem like you, you are inferior to white men and you seem like you got daddy issues and you seem like you got mommy issues. You got kids that don't even talk to you or respect you, they don't like you. It tells a lot about your character. Now this was 10 years ago.


Okay. And obviously he still in his feminine 'cause he still holding a grudge over it. You know, this is like interviews or interviews Are you saying you do 'em when you move on to the next? And so was very upset. And I, And I feel like in that, in that space he was, y'all could watch it. He was dumbfounded. Like usually he comes back with the, you know, FUB or he has something to say Co is Corey is Just a broken person period. And I do feel like yo need help. He needs help co Corey needs off camera. If Cory came to me and said, doc, let's do off camera sessions. 100%. 100%. If he wants to do it on camera, because it's just gonna be a rhetoric. I'm not doing that to help his career. I will help him as a man, but I'm not here to help him in his career. That's his job.


I'm not here to carry a man that ain't mines or float a man that ain't mines. But to help you with your mental health or help you as a person. He's an alcoholic. He drinks a lot. You know, he's, he's overcompensating in those areas. Those are places he needs help with. Did you guys see what he looked like on Cam Newton interview? I'm not talking about looks meaning attractiveness. Yeah. Do you see how unwell hygienically clean he looks, God damn. All right. Dr. Bryant Lord Have mercy. Lemme say why. No, this ties into mental health. That man's hygiene was on negative 200. What I'm saying is he needs deeper help than me coming on 51 50. Yeah. To, to bring him a bigger audience. He can still do 51 50 but he needs to be able to 51 50 himself and get the help that he needs.


Lord Have mercy. God girl. That's right. I Saw you said too that you comment on the fact that Kamala didn't come out that first night when she didn't win. Speak to that and speak to the comment. 'cause people were upset. Yeah. About Oh yeah. Another unpopular opinion. I don't care. This is, she proved why the people, men and women who are not ready for a woman president are not ready for a woman president. Because society and some men not all deemed women as emotionally unstable and unable to regulate our emotions, sis when these, when you knew you weren't winning or weren't in the lead, and these kids, these babies, these adults were at a historical black university that you went to Howard waiting hours for you.


They had volunteered. I'm sure they had a contributed and they probably voted for you and supported you this entire time. You couldn't come out and address the people who supported you. That's proven to the people who don't believe women could lead at that level. That a woman can't regulate her emotions enough to come out and take an LI don't care if she would've came out in tears. Listen, I'm sorry we lost whatever that looks like. I I'll give a little pushback on that. 'cause Go ahead. Donald Trump never gave a concession speech. Hillary Clinton. Nor nor would he even admit that he lost. But we're talking about Trump, who runs on being that type of person anyway. So his people never expected that. Just like when someone says, well Trump's a racist. He's running on that. Trump is talking about getting rid of D-U-I-D-E-I.


He has said that to us. I Get what you're saying. No, I get what you're saying. But Kamala came out and showed us all this love and support. But when you took the L not only did you not come out, you sent a man to come out and address these people said gris you, he was fine too. You didn't even send another woman or black woman. This was a woman's moment. And in my opinion that all that did was tell the folks who said woman can't lead. See she sent a man out to, to, to do it and then came out the next day. That's not leadership to me, leadership is, is commitment and commitment is doing what you said you would do, regards of how you feel. I don't care how you felt Kamala come out and address us. Those kids left what they had down.


They weren't sad just 'cause she lost. They were sad because they were looking for who was still their leader, whether she lost or not, to come out and address those kids. I was gonna ask, when's the last time you apologized? So last time you were wrong about something? Do you remember? Mm, good question. It prob no, It prob probably was 1980 and four. You know. No, it probably was to, to my best friend. Lola and my assistant. We, we work so closely together. We're always together because I'm so comfortable with her, she gets all of my moving parts, to be honest with you. What About this to a Amanda that you're dating when Yeah, never get an apology that I actually that though because you, you you are very strong in opinion and stuff like that. And I think men think that women that are structured like you don't know how to be accountable and don't know how to apologize.


I'm very accountable. I do apologize. And that's why I said I want a man who will say with respect Emini here. He ain't about to just dominate, like, shut your ass, uptight. You know, he can be disrespectful, but I want a man who's like, hold on you outta pocket right now. You know? Like, we don't do that. Yeah. This is not what we do. And I like you strong, but this is not strong. This is is disrespectful baby. But I want him to, to be able to know how to say it. And then I will be like, you know, even if it's not in that moment, I can process and be like, you know what? You're right. And I do, I will apologize. I will come to myself because I have the discipline of that self-talk of saying stop. You know, or I will say, listen, you've already apologized. You've done everything you could right now.


It's not a you problem. I'm still trying to get out of my ego, so just give me 30 minutes because baby, you've apologized like you've done your job. And then I come around in 20, 30 minutes and I'm like, okay, I'm back. And I'm sorry too. That's awareness. That's accountability. I'm sorry too. And I, and the thing is, when you really want peace, and that's the thing about being single for so long though. You, you, I can, yes. You, you find a, you figure it out when you Find a peace and a joy that when you do get in a relationship, It gotta make sense. When you do get in a relationship though, you're really saying, let's dead in this, let's dead in this argument. That's Real. Have you ever got afraid that you're gonna get so used to that peace that you're not gonna wanna do nothing? 'cause I tell myself that all the time. Like I'm in such a good state, I don't want nothing to bother me. But people come with flaw. Shut up Charlamagne.


He's a hater. Well, he's a hater. Well, no, because I have been, I have been serial, serial dating for the six years I've been single. So when I say single, it means I haven't been committed. Like committed. Yeah. But have I had like three months, six months relationships that went that long season and we're exclusive and we're committed in that season. Yeah. Because I, I am very into exclusivity. I, I don't like casual sex. And so I will accidentally go a year, year and a half celibate because I don't like the casualty of sex. And when I decide to, I would choose that one person to be around for the long term. Well, when does that decision happen for you? Now, now I'm in My, I'm in my choosing stage. So it's gonna happen now, like soon. Nice. I'm in my choosing stage, but, but I'm not, I'm not desperate. So it's not like I'm, again, I'm not choosing just a high valued man.


I would even take a man who's a little less value, meaning a little less income money. But I just love this man. He's my person. Right. So Yeah. Yeah. Emini here he can, yeah. So I would, And I would regular have a rather have a regular man who isn't in the limelight, who we both don't have to straddle this, this whole industry thing. And he can go run a business or go be a corporate guy. He can come to my shows and we can go home and have intellectual pillow talk. I can go home and put my hair in a, in a bird's nest and walk around with sweats and a tank top and no brawl. You know what a bird's nest is? No. Oh, I definitely know what he's, he just, oh wait, he uhuh Lauren do too.


You know what? So you got the, the show Truth talks. I, I do Truth talks. Yes, yes, yes. He talked to us About that. Before we get outta here, talk Us. Oh my God. Some two talks is my new talk show. It's on Fox. It's Monday through Friday at 8:00 PM Congratulations. Why somebody give you a talk show? You good at talking to something you No, not at all. Not at all. It's funny, sometimes the Producers are like, Doc, You know, give the other cohos time to talk. I'm like, really? I'm like, I gotta do that. Yeah. But it's cool because we're pretty much, we're, we're a global news. We're a C nnn that gives you the black voice, the black perspective. And we're bringing truth to everything news with culture twist to it. So we're, we're at every night, 8:00 PM Brian time.


Love that. We follow you Dr. Cheyenne. Follow me on underscore Dr. Bryan on Instagram social media or you can go to dr bryan.co and that's dr bryan.co not.com. And then I'm on my speaking tour. Yeah. S right Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, we appreciate you For joining us. Thank you Dr. Brian. Thoroughly conversation. Thank you so Much. Thank y'all for having me. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria, Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lawrence filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies, I'm guy. It's going down. Wallo. Listen man, welcome to The Breakfast Club this morning. Presented to you by a million dollars worth of game.


Listen man, we done bought the company man. It's, it's good. It is going down man. We doing it big now man. Got my brother right here. I'm so proud of you, Wallo man. Listen man, Listen. I wanna give you, before I even start, I gotta give you your flowers 'cause you been man you it me and you done had several phone calls. We had a thousand phone calls a couple years ago. You hit me up, you was like Wallo, you need a book. This was years ago and you was talking about how you and Kev was talking about you and Kevin Hart was talking about, I said, man Wallo would be crazy on a, on a audio book. Yep. Yep. Which I did my on audio book. Shout out to, you know, shout out to Aana Van Zant also who did the audio. She did the forward for me. Shout out to 13 A my publisher man for you know Charles suit. Yes. For making it happen. Simon Schuster. But we here now.


You told me, you keep telling me about the book of your book. The book changed your life. That's right. And you got too much of a story man book. The book, the book. That's all you kept saying. And now we here man all with good attentions. It's game changing for the Book title is perfect for you because there's not too many people on this planet who come with good intentions. Like Wallo does Appreciate that. When did you develop that, that mentality? I don't know man. I was on the street corners. I was, I was, I had good intentions on the street corners. I just wanted to steal American dream man. I said man, too slow. The only people that got in my neighborhood was successful criminals. So even though I was a good person growing up, my grandma raised me. Well my mom, you know, you know, I was like I gotta figure this out. So I said I gotta, I got man, the only people they respect out here is the people that's winning by any means. And then even in America, I was like, damn, hold up America, they only respected Scarface.


They don't respect the Godfather, they don't respect nobody else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I gotta go get some money. So even though my heart was good, I had to go figure it out. And that led me to prison most of my life. And, and but you know, even in there you Used to prison 13 years, right? 13 years, 20 Years. Oh 20 I, I did 20 penitentiary five years in and outta the juvenile system. And even in there I remember, you know, old here sitting man how you, all I did was laugh in jail and just do what I needed to do. Educate myself. 'cause I realized that. And to the point where somebody said I was one of the nicest dude in prison because I knew why I was there. I did mines. I was accountable for my, so, you know, and that helped me change and develop into what I become today. You know, I'm just happy to be here And I And I And I try my best to share all the knowledge that I got as you know, with our people to show us, listen we bigger than what y'all think we are because I always say this and it's crazy to me.


It's like, you know, back in the day we didn't had nothing but we had everything 'cause we, we had each other and that was important And it's like, it seemed like now we find so many reasons not to deal with each other and it's like god damn who you working for Word. That's Right. Like you go on social media, it's like who you working for? But I had to realize something a lot of us don't want to looking at mirror and deal with it. I don't hate envy because of his money, his cars, his family, his marriage. I hate envy because envy getting in love for doing something that I always wanted to do. But I ain't have enough heart to go out here and do it. Well Die your big No I'm not talking about that. I'm just talking about in general. Oh yeah, he do got that Beijing you do. But I'm just saying like, shout out Beijing, give him a deal. It's not but like this damn third just for man, but oh damn.


Okay. You better be paying you the way you Put that out there Promo. But but what I'm saying is like that's how our culture became, it became like this in social media, media. Like a lot of people gotta look in the mirror and say damn I done materialize my dreams right up. And that's the hardest thing to do is you know, so it's more easy to say, y'all Emini here to sucker envy this lord this just this. It's much more easy to say than to say let me get off my ass and go ahead and do something with my life. So, but it's just, it's just sad out here when you see it now and it's just like we just, I don't know man. And all we ever had was each other. That's the only way we ever made it in life. You Said you in the book, you said it's actually in the chapter arm of good intentions. Yeah. You said you screamed out one day and you made it a daily reminder that nobody will save you.


Nobody. Especially when I was in prison. I'm like, we could playing in, we doing, I'm like, yo, bro, we we inside these white folk spot man, ain't nobody coming. Like if this go off anything else, we gonna be locked in these cells. Ain't nobody coming. But that's the same thing in the ghet. Ain't nobody never come and save nobody. Right. Who saves who real. What was the change for you? What was, 'cause you said you were in and out. What was the change? You said yo, I gotta get this right And I gotta change myself. Like to be realistic man, I, I got tired of being in jail with a bunch of, you see what I'm saying? I wanted to take a butt naked shower. You know what Emini here, I couldn't do that. I wanted to sleep naked in the bed. I couldn't do that 'cause I'm in the, I gotta cell. I don't know if he might wake up in the middle of the night because like, yo man let me, I need parts of that. Like what we doing? Yeah. I, I'll be straight up. He might wake up in the middle of the night and be like, Hey my man, let's, let's figure something out.


Oh you know what Emini here. So I don't know. I'm just being real because listen, you know what's crazy, I think one of the reasons I made it through jail so smoothly. 'cause I was always a comedian on the low, you see what I'm saying? I was always funny. They was like, hey, because I wasn't there scared to death. You know how dudes come on from jail. I be trying to wonder that I did all this time in jail. I'd be like, what program was you on that you wasn't scared in jail? That you was just so tough? Yeah, because I was scared to death. Soon as they listen, soon as that judge gave me them numbers and they, you know, you, you had, you had your thing to get about nothing. You know what Emini here see my little words back and forth, you see the, it is back and forth. Wordplay I had with the judge is, yeah I'm gonna be back. Ah, walked in the joint. You know what Emini here, now you gotta do the walk back in. 'cause now you're going back into the cages where everybody looking at you when you come down. What they give you with about nothing.


Man, they gave me a little twenties man that nothing, by the time I get to my, my cell later on that I throw that towel up crying like a baby man a newborn. Damn. And then, and then once you, the shackles hit you box like an animal, the shackles going from your arm to your feet. You get upstate, you, you hit that penitentiary yard and you like, where my mom at? I ain't know it was like this. I'm seeing people with knives longer than the giraffe trunk. How old are you? I was, I was, I went to the penitentiary when I was 17, but I hit the big prison yard when I turned 18. I was in Dallas Penitentiary in Pennsylvania. And that was like, that was a different type of job man. I'm seeing people get married in the yard and all that. I'm like, I ain't trying to beat nobody wife. I ain't signed up for this. So I know straight up I'm looking like he said married in the yard. No, people was getting married in the yard.


And I said damn man, wasn it. Real weddings though. No, it was real weddings. Like it wasn't, no like they, if you got the Bible, when you got somebody that's officiate You, same thing. Like you were, you were just in the yard. No, I was walking in the yard And I walked back. You was A guest at the No, I was not, Wasn't guest. I was in the backdrop. 'cause I was walking in the yard. So I'm like, I'm sitting there and I'm like, I ain't trying to get married in the yard, man. Damn. And then I'm seeing people get stabbed and all. I'm like, yo, I'm not trying to, why the, so I would go to my cell and be like, yo, what the fuck going on? I ain't sign up for this because nobody tell you this because only stories that we hear back in the hood about jail is that you come home and you get rewarded and you get acknowledged and you tough and all this other, you get muscles. But I'm like, I'm like damn, ain't nobody talking about the scary part. So I had to be the one to tell, the scary part, to tell the real part because I was scared.


Especially listen. So I get up to the penitentiary, it's shower time, I go down there, I got my boxers on and all that So I'm like, damn, ready? Go down there. And this is my first time in a real, 'cause I went to the penitentiary when a lot of younger dudes started to go like you was getting certified as adult. They created new law. So a long time it wasn't no young boys in the one penitentiary. I went to Dallas Penitentiary, it's mostly old heads and they had the most lifers in the state of Pennsylvania at this time. So you could be in a cell with anybody. You could do one year, be in the cell with a lifer. It don't matter. So I go, I go to go to the shower. So I got my towel on my, my boxers on. And when I went to the shower, right, I go down there steamed up and everything. The shower is probably maybe 15 shower heads and the block got a hundred something dudes on there.


So when I go in the shower room, it was like a movie. Like everybody looked at me like, why you got them boxers on? I'm talking about, it was a, I'm talking about it was a sword show in that joint. Man. You wanna see what you working with type thing? No, no. I'm just like, no. It's like that's not normal. Like you. Yeah. And I'm like, you know what? That day I realized that a shower wasn't important than a bird bath. I said I could go back to my cell and just wash up there. Yeah. Yeah. Why would I need what? Why I do a shower really mean that. So you ain't take a shower, you bird the whole way? No, I took it for a while till I just, you know, went down there and just had my short term. Yeah, you get comfortable because I, 'cause I had, I was like, damn man, like why everybody gotta be naked in this joint man? And then they looking at you then they talking like, like they be ass nigga.


They talking. Yeah. You see the game? Oh man, what's the name went off Emmett Smith. I'm like, man, oh man. Like we ain't supposed to like, y'all supposed to be doing it. Shit. I don know. When did you get like, like, like comfortable with it? Like your first naked shower? Were you talking? No, I Never got a naked shower. Didn't, oh yeah I did. Hold up. Just say but I got, I got one when I got to the jail where you get your own booth. Okay. I wasn't trying to be a part of it 'cause it's like, it's like a volunteer, like you volunteering something. How long it took to do that? Oh years. It took years. But different jail, different part of the jail got different sections where you get a single shower. So, and that jail was during where you get the single shower locked in. But it was like, man


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


I always feel like that was the volunteering services. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like you was, you was, you was giving invitations to something. So I didn't know. All right, we got more with Wallo when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking away Wallo. Now I got a question. When did you realize this is what you wanted to do when you came home and you said you took that drive and you went back to, you had the McDonald's with the grandma's house. When did you realize this is what you wanted to do and, and how you wanted to change for the, the next generation? I was in, shout out to the life of these lifer brothers, this organization NWCP and all that. The, the brothers that was in the penitentiary with me, the eldest, there's an organization called Real Street Talk. So I'm in there and one of the O OGs brother minister Rob, shout out to him.


He come to me, said Walla, we need you to come down here and talk. It was a bunch of Brother Shakur Sharif. It was for Ike a big Shannon. It was a bunch of brothers that was getting together the talk to the two, 300 inmates a week that was coming in to talk to 'em about listen, while you in jail use this as your time to educate yourself so you go back out there and make something happen with yourself. And it was called Real Street talk. So I was one of the dudes that spoke in a, in a way to where as though they really understood what I was saying. 'cause I was like one of the youngest dude, even though the OG spoke too And I seen that they was listening, they was tapped into it. And it was a brother, brother Rob Griffin. He was from the Houston to do security for Malcolm X and the nation Islam back in the day. And he came to my cell one day and he was like, brother, not too many brothers out here speak where though multiple generations could listen and understand it. And then like you, you speak clear, keep doing that.


So when I got out, I just started grab it, grab that phone and just start popping it 'cause nobody was doing it. And I knew that I had to do it in a unique way because I was battling on the timeline. I was battling for attention. Right. You know when you go down the timeline I'm looking at, I said okay, I gotta battle the girl this ass naked. I gotta battle my man with a pound of jury on. I got a battle of the rapper, the athlete. I said I got him. That's why if you seen a lot of my videos in the beginning, I'll be running across the highway 18 willer come laying on the ground, catching on my head. They laughing. But I'm giving you the message as long as you listening. 'cause what everybody was afraid to tell us, like yo you can be great, you amazing. Like we built pyramids with no cranes. I don't know what I, I read in the the, I'm like hold on, we did that. You mean to tell me we came up out of slavery. This little lady got us about a slavery sister got us about slavery and that ingenuity ho what the fuck is going on?


Frederick Douglas was who he did what I realized this, if you could make him laugh, you can make him listen. I always loved comedy because I used to listen to I Paul Moody, Richard Pryor, all of my uncle would play the records Red Fox And I be laughing but they'd be saying some deep be they lace it up. So I'm like okay, I just gotta give it to our people in a different way because I just couldn't get the whole Harriet Tubman thing to just have me just like, yo, it's nothing you can't do. So I just be looking like, no it's just a different way in a different language. You doing it. And one thing that I'm always do, you'll never hear me talk down and hate any of our people. You know why never all of our people, they might have a different message and no matter what you're doing, business this, that, I don't care what you're doing, we don't have to be doing the same thing. And just because we ain't doing the same Don, even if we might be doing something that similar, we ain't gotta be mad at each other.


I ain't gotta hate you, you ain't gotta hate me because at the end of the day, is this really about the up upliftment of our people? If it is, how can I go online and say anything bad about our people? If I really care about our people, right? I can't tear you down to lift them up mathematically. It don't work. So what I do is no matter if you say something about me, say something about whatever, I'm never gonna say nothing about nobody because that's not going to add value to the whole plan of us. That's Wallo really like this dude, I'm not gonna do that. Even off camera. He's like you, you the generational curse breaker. Wallo. That's why I'm glad I'm trying to, that's why I'm so glad you put out a book man S right. I need to see you on every platform having these conversations. I wanna see you on the view, I wanna see you On hold, I'm giving Hall show, I wanna see you. But you know what, you know what's crazy though? And, and this is why our Brothers club is a major platform for our culture and will always be you get it when it's not cool, you get it before it go popular.


You get it before it goes shiny. You get it. And understand that a lot of these people don't get fuck about that. Even though you name platforms, they don't care about that. They just want some shiny, you ready now? Wallo come outta prison. I'm probably one of the greatest comebacks ever to come outta prison in life. But they not gonna get that to New York Times bestseller, hit all that stuff, stop. They don't understand us and we control. Cool. But a lot of times we don't own it. So they try to get a close proximity to our coolness and we so much suckers. We don't be understanding that. We don't even know why when we being used out here. That's why there's a lot of shit that I see online. I be like, damn, we goofy as man can't nobody outside of us validate us But us. I'm never gonna let nobody tell me that you not cool that you not cool that outside our culture.


And I'm never going to let nobody give approval of what's cool and what's not outside of our culture of this blackness. I love being black. I'm gonna die black. That's right. My family is black. I look at us And I say we some extraordinary people and it's not taking that enough from any other group of people. But everybody else love themselves. So I'm gonna love me and, and you know, And I got some extraordinary people that's not black, this family, that's business. But at the end of the day, until we start loving us on all levels, we gonna be left behind. What do you think about when, when Michael Rubin was up here and said pretty much the same thing that you just said right now? Did not say that. No. No. But he just said, we, we heard our nothing. But no, he basically said our community hurts ourselves. That's what he been saying. The whole Let say this though, let say this though.


Everything is about the messenger. 'cause I can't speak on behalf of, you know, different races. I can't do that because they gonna be like s you Wallo. So that's normal. But one thing that I can say is that everybody is speculating. Everybody's around. On that day that Meek was in that courtroom, I was in that courtroom to come to speak for me. Michael Rubin was in that courtroom. And when we took that break after the, the the, you know, the judge was roughing me up. I'm talking about, she was like, she was roughing me up. We went outside to the hallway and Mike looked at us and said, what's going on in here? Like this guy was really shocked. I'm like, this is being black in America. He was like, what the, he, he, I'm talking, he was personally pissed 'cause he didn't understand that they be going because a lot of people just don't know. He said he Didn't realize it was two Americans until like Keith, listen that day he looked at and then he attempted to walk back in the courtroom after we had the conversation and she slapped him around and he like, what the like, because he stood up and spoke and stood up and she was like, yeah, all right, writing in the paper.


Like he went and done something. I respect Mike for that. You know people gonna have a, their opinions on people. But I'm talking about when I see a good person, I see a good person. I salute a good person. That's it. I ain't with all that other because I'm gonna tell you something man, to be real with you. I got a lot of people that's not black that help outta me. Same because they really, people that really believe in it And I ain't talking about business, I'm talking about in life people. That people that love you, love you. It's not a, it is not always gonna be a color thing. And I know we fight so much to get us together, but at the end of the day, while you spend your your your time on this planet, you better love who love you and you better figure out who love you and who got your back. Mm. Because I'm gonna tell you something. I don't know what anybody else doing out here, but I'm 45 And I'm saying to myself, hopefully I get another 45 out here.


'cause my grandma 90. So I'm measuring it by then. My uncle James, rest in peace of him. He died. He was 93 or 94. But we gotta, we got a nice length in our joint. Pause. Pause. Oh was that a pause cap? I gotta run that by cam because I'm talking about a lift up years. I'm not saying but Oh yeah, all pause Said yeah Cam definitely A pause. Yeah I gotta pause breakdown's break down of the pause. But, but what I'm saying is, well you was a Paul's champion though. You got the more of the history You in the Guinness. But I'm gonna say this, I'm gonna say this though. I'm looking at it like I'm 45 now. There's a big chance I'm getting outta this joint one day I can't worry about, I'm gonna be going, I gotta go right up. I gotta go. And when I go my whole thing, I wanna be able to say I left that on the planet. That's why, that's why I live the life that I live.


I do me, if I wanna buy something, buy it. If I wanna go somewhere, I'm gonna go somewhere. I'm not living my life based off of some fear. Because guess what, you know how many mothers in, in, in the graveyard sitting there mad at like, damn I should have got this. Damn I should have went here. Damn I should have done this. We don't do enough. We don't live enough. We don't, we don't put more positive energy out enough because I'm saying to myself, damn I gotta, I got a lot of shit to make up on 'cause I know what, you know when I see God I don't want it to be like that. And I tell you 'cause God get funky with people. You know what Emini here, I'm, I don't wanna be the one. You be like you had plenty of time, right? You know where you gotta go at the end of the day. I just try to put the best energy possible out there to our people to let 'em know, listen man, we ain't got time. We ain't gonna be here to forever love each other. Do what you gotta do and keep it moving. But one day you gotta gigg up outta here. Alright, we got more with Wallo when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren LA is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Wallo. His book on with good intentions is out right now. Charlemagne, One thing I wanted you to talk about before we leave. You said, you said the feeling of not being punished for doing something you knew was wrong was equivalent to your first orgasm. How long did it take for you to actually feel guilt when you, when you did something wrong? Man, it took me a while because you young and you just don't know. So it would take you a while and then, then when it hit you'd just be like, damn. I did some crazy, but it was a while. It was just a thirst. It was just, I, I don't know. I think I was just part of stealing an American dream. I was doing my thing 'cause I wanted to be, you understand I'm looking at these movies man.


I'm looking at Ola in my good fellas and, and and you know the, the part where he burning the cars up, he throwing the joint. He said by the time I was 14 I was making more money than the, than the grownups around my neighborhood. I'm like damn, I wanted to be that. I wanted some money because we gonna be obvious. We, I always tell people this, when that guy in the eighties pull up with that Benz and you know what I'm talking about. He got the Benz in the eighties. He got that gold chain on. He got that Felo sweatsuit on with the Felo. He got them rings on them, nugget rings and all that shit. And he pull up to the neighborhood, he's pulling up to our black communities to deal with the most beautifulest girl in our neighborhood. And when he pull up to get her as he opening the car door and she getting in the car door, you know who speaking to him, Ms. Johnson, Ms. Brown, Ms. Green. They go, Hey baby. But at the same time you seeing Mr.


John come back from work, he's a plumber or dirty and nobody's speaking to him. I'm sitting on the step watching all it take place. So I said damn, I gotta be a part of this. In the black community, the women dictate who the man wanna grow up to be based off of who they date. That's real. So I'm looking at it like I'm only seeing these girls, they dealers and dudes that got nice cars. I gotta get me some nice cars to get me some ass. Oh I gotta get some, I gotta get some jewelry, I gotta get some, I gotta get fly. That's what it was about. And And the way you saw to get fly Was that the only people I see to respect movies, they only respected the criminals in the game. That's right. Money and violence. Listen, do you go ask any judges, lawyers, prosecutors and all that? What's your favorite movies? Godfathers. What's your favorite series? The Sopranos, everything gonna be, they love the successful criminals. So I grew up to try to be that but as I grew old, I took responsibility to say, oh yeah, I'm on some I did wrong.


You never heard me say it was no I wasn't in jail for some that magically did or because of the white man I was in jail because I wanted to get busy And I did what I did. To your point about women shaping everything, you talk a lot about black women and Latino women and how you staff your team with women. Can you talk like why that's important and how that's helped you along your journey as you like build Your work? Shout out to my manager business point of Desiree Ivy. Shout out to Amarillo. Shout out to Sham Laws and my attorney, these women lemme explain something to you about these women. They get done. That's right. They not playing games at all. I don't know what it is about. No. That get them going crazy. They lose they mind about no. I'll be like, damn, what happened? Somebody told me no today what, what's going on? Don't worry about it. Mind you, business I get to the bottom. I'll tell you when I get it done, they move different.


And you know what's, you know what's going on. I just wanna say this. And a lot of these companies in America, they be playing games and a lot of times people don't see 'em because they be in the shadows. But when it comes to our culture, black women running, absolutely. I'm talking about from not just from the consumer side, not just from the the marketing side, but from the the boardrooms. The sisters I went to the boardroom of Rich Kle company was sisters running there. Sisters running everywhere. That's right. Like I don't think you gonna get something in all if you ain't got no sisters in that, in that fold. Every single entity. I got a black woman running. Shout out to all the dolly. Dolly. Dolly's a monster. She's no joke. Nicole, shout out to all the sisters out there that's doing it. Going up against all the bull, all the racism in these companies. Y'all, y'all going to hr.


HR is playing games with y'all. They they, they trying to weed y'all out because soon as her sister get up and she stand up for herself, oh she's being a girl. Everybody play victim. Soon as his sister speak up for herself, these people being these corporations throwing all these rocks and as soon as her sister say, oh I'm not going for that. Oh my god she's being aggressive. Oh my God I'm scared. Lock the door. Get that. That's ka because her sister stepped up for herself. One thing about a black woman, I don't care who she's not dealing with, no why you think we scared of her? That's right. But I just wanna shout out to everybody out there that's doing anything. And I need to say this to you. I don't care if you got a water, ice stand, you gotta a t-shirt copy. You got a putting a tape out music, you doing art, you won Yes away. That's right from The World changing. Stop looking on Instagram and thinking everybody's beating you and you running late and you ain't enough.


And I wanna say something to the sisters out there. You are enough. Don't never let nobody finesse you and tell you that you gotta be this and you gotta have this. You gotta wear this. You gotta go here. You gotta take live your life. Do you. And every way possible. And to them young brothers out there, y'all kings, y'all ain't slaves. What y'all gotta do is y'all gotta understand y'all the most fearless group of young men ever on the history of life. This generation right now that's right is the most fearless black men ever. Y'all do not give a, just imagine if y'all switch that up, right? Imagine what you could do when you go, when you say, you know what, I don't want to be a drug dealer. I wanna be a businessman. I don't want be a killer. I wanna be a healer. I wanna be a giver. I'm saying it could change. And to my young brothers in the rap community, stay away from them drugs man.


And this coming from a man that never did a drug a day in his life. I never did it because I had to watch my homies. I had to make sure they get home at night and my homies smoke. You know they, they didn't smoke. PCP did all that type of shit, you know, to snort a little coke. You know, did a little bit of look they, but I always watched it And I said that ain't for me. And I don't know who told you this. If you feel as though you're going through somebody, find somebody to talk to, get a therapist, go to therapy man. Get a therapist. Stop trying to self-medicate yourself 'cause you don't know what you're doing. And I'm gonna tell you something brothers, when you hit the town, you young brothers and I'm gonna be real with you. Everybody is trying they way to get some drugs to you. And you don't know if everybody drugs is drugs. I'm just being straight up. I don't know. You know what Emini here I'm just saying you got all these people making fake this, fake this. You don't know what you're taking. And when you get that money, young brothers stay out of don't stay off them handcuffs man.


Please, please man, don't disrespect your blessing 'cause God ain't gonna keep blessing you man. You think God listen, God gotta work with billions of people. You think God gonna just keep coming around blessing you. God ain't gonna keep blessing you Take advantage of these blessings. Keep doing your thing and just know anytime you see don't stop me, I'm gonna say something to you. I'm gonna tell you what's going on. And a lot of y'all know, I reach out, I DM y'all, I talk to y'all regular man. Just notice you Kings notice you queens and know that The World is waiting for all of us. Listen, armed with good intentions is out now man. Everybody go pick this book up from Wallo. We gotta make this a New York Times bestseller. Yes. You see it. When today, tonight we gonna be at Uncle Bobby's in Philadelphia. Yes. Me and my man Wallo having more conversations about this. You gonna Be Uncle Bobby's Yes about this book Armed with good intentions man, Make sure we get you stop.


You ate my man spy. Make sure to give you them cheese steaks. You like them taste cheese steaks. I had Some joints up there when I was there last time. Yeah, You done? Yeah. You liked, you was, you was hungry too. The way you ate 'em Johnson. Damn. Oh no. Yeah the that got like the salmon. Yeah. Yes, yes. Taste, cheese, scape taste Ute to taste Type of oxtail cheesecakes and God you going crazy? Nah, I like that type of stuff. Yeah, but you know and find, find your way to support local businesses. That's right. We Gotta make Wallo with New York Times bestsellers. What's do it? I can't wait to see Wallo on Tamron and all That stuff. Stuff all what up? We gotta also, if you out there, if you have any hair coloring companies, DJ Envy is looking for sponsor Wallo. Ladies gentlemen, You like the D, his eyebrows and all that.


Wallo. Ladies, gentlemen, goodbye. Wallo, all make good intentions is out. Pick it up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'm a donkey. I never heard old donkey other day. What is it Coming Donkey. Say it against Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes you're a donkey. Donkey everything. And Charlamagne same is true. Yes. Donkey today goes to Reginald Reynolds and Mia Baggins, I'm sure I pronounced that name wrong, but we can call her Mia Baggin Dope. They are 35 and 37 years old. Respectfully, they are from Portland, Oregon. And I don't know why when I saw this story today, I thought to myself, either I'm experiencing deja vu or I've done this story before, but I figured out the issue.


The issue is there is this bag that people buy and the bag says things about drugs on it. This particular, in this particular case, Reginald and Mia had a bag that said, definitely not a bag full of drugs. Oh, that's what it said on the bag. Definitely not a bag full of drugs. Now if I was a police officer or any type of law enforcement and there was a bag in your car that said definitely not a bag full of drugs, guess what bag I'm going to probably search first. Now granted, I wouldn't actually believe someone is stupid enough to have a bag full of drugs in a bag labeled bag full of drugs. But this is, this is earth. Okay, 2024, whatever level of stupidity your brain can conceive, there is a donkey on this planet who can achieve. Let's go to ABC 10 for the report please.


Tonight We're looking into a story that seems hard to believe. It claims a couple was arrested after officers found drugs in a bag that had definitely not a bag full of drugs printed on it. And folks, this one is true. The Portland Police Bureau in Oregon, look at this, posted this picture on social media. They say they discover the bag along with cash a gun and scales during a traffic stop Tuesday inside the bag. You guessed it. They found more than 10 grams of fentanyl and meth. Yeah, the couple was booked on drug charges along with unauthorized use of a vehicle and possession of a stolen vehicle. See some of these donkeys be layered. Why would you be riding dirty in a stolen car?


Can you please commit to one crime at a time? Do you simultaneously have to be committing multiple felony offenses? And if you're going to be in a stolen car where a Ford Taurus's ignition has been visibly tampered with, why would you have baggies of drugs just visible in a stolen car? Not to mention you got this big brown canvas bag labeled definitely not a bag full of drugs. And in that bag and in that bag was 79 blue fentanyl pills three fake what? Like your mouth water. Just now you know this like that's crazy for you to been in Delaware darn three fake oxycodone tablets and 230 grams of meth. Not to mention a loaded 38. I know I wrote a book called Get Honest to Die Lying but damn.


Okay Regina and Mia. You know they, they, they probably was telling the officers like, look officer, we're just practicing radical honesty. You know, transparency and crime is a new movement. And that officer was like, thank you for making my job easier. By the way, this transparency and crime movement still comes with 15 years to life. Now I know what some of you might be thinking is Oregon aren't drugs legal in Oregon? Well in 2020 Oregon decriminalized the possession of small amounts of hard drugs in an effort to redirect city funding from criminalization and toward treatment of substance use disorders to measure past with high levels of public support that faltered as overdose and homelessness rates rose in the state during the COVID-19 pandemic when Rihanna makeup became widely available.


But in September the state criminalized drug possession. So the moral of the story is all of this was illegal. Okay? There is absolutely no right way to do the wrong thing. Even in Oregon and everything Reginald and Mia did was completely wrong. Okay, Reginald and Mia might be the first criminals in the history of crime who actually labeled the evidence for the police. And I know they thought labeling it not a bag full of drugs would throw people off. Like there is no way folks would think they were that dumb. But it's not about what we think, it's about what you know about yourself, Reginald and Mia. Okay? You had to know that you are indeed that dumb.


Okay? Please give Reginald Reynolds and Mia Baggin STOs the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons You the of all the day. That is ridiculous. I have A question that's like Lauren wearing a t-shirt that says definitely not single. What'd you say? What the Question? Or like you wearing a t-shirt saying definitely healed because It's the journey. Is It? It's a process. Yeah. So is mine. Okay Girls. Okay, girls, what is your question, Lauren? I'm feeling like with Nene and Porsche.


And guess who's Nene? I love to be Porsche. Drop a bar for Porsche. Hey You, you just help them out. You thank You very much. You them out. That is absolutely my favorite. PORs My girl. But everybody knows that the real cat like the the comebacks is Nene with Porsche. I Love it's the house that Nene leaks built. But anyway, my question before I was rudely interrupted. Yes ma'am. Is this not entrapment though? Because not entrapment. Why would you be allowed to sell a bag that says definitely not drugs, knowing that someone might put drugs in it because they think it's like funny or something. 'cause there's this thing called satire. And so whoever made that bag was just making it probably just to be funny. And they knew that, you know, people would walk around with the bug and just like up the bag as like a fashion statement, but they didn't think they'd actually put drugs inside of it. You got a Birkin? What does it say on you?


Birkin Not fake. Yeah, You fake like this Birkin, shout out to Sunny Saturday. You fake like this Birkin. But that had, I hate this place That has nothing. I hate hate this Place. I hate this Place. I just, that was shade it. That was a whole tree. Who you go over there planting today baby. You doing Feeding the soil Right guys? Alright Gal, don't worry gals. I got the new Bob And I got some, I'm ready. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy, Charlamagne, the God We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. My guy, He's an author, New York time bestselling author. He's a entrepreneur, he is a podcast host and now he's a model as well.


Ladies and gentlemen. Jay Shetty, a mother, A model. By the way, Jay Shetty's more than a podcast host, he has one of the top 10 biggest podcasts in The World. That's right. Okay. I, I think that's very important to note 'cause everybody got a podcast. Okay. Jay said he has one of the top 10 biggest podcasts in The World. What is it? Number five, I think. I think so. That's on Spotify. I think that's what it came out as. But no, thank you for having me guys. Absolutely. I love being here with you guys. I'm so grateful to be back with you. Congrats on the new studio. Thank you. I know it's not new for your, for your viewers, but it's new for me being in here with you. But thank you. Thank you guys. You just sat down with First Lady Michelle Obama conversation was everywhere, right? And she expressed how terrified she was about this election year. What was it like hearing that from her and how do you process that?


Does that give you anxiety when you hear that? Yeah, it's an interesting thought process because I can't vote in this country. I moved here eight years ago, I have a green card, but I don't, you know, I don don't have voting rights. And I moved here the year Trump became president in 2016. And so I've had an interesting education in the United States And I haven't, you know, I didn't grow up learning American history or American politics, so I'm also very uneducated in this, in that space specifically. I think for me, I,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Look at most things as things I can and can't control. And when I think about things that make me anxious on a global scale, I often ask myself, what is the root of that anxiety in my community? So if I'm seeing whether it's ignorance, whether it's a lack of understanding, whether it's a lack of curiosity, openness, compassion on a global scale, I'm asking myself, where does that exist within me and my friends and my society? And how do I start impacting that because that I can control. And so I've been practicing that for a long time because I feel that there's a lot of things that gimme anxiety. Like there's a lot of things that can stress me out. There's something new in the news every day that can do that.


That's right. So to me, I try and bring down global events into the personal and intimate because otherwise it's so chaotic and so hard to deal With. How many times do you, how many, how often have you broken your own eight rules of Love? Oh, every day. Every day. Every day. Man. Like every day. I, I don't think it's, you know, it goes back to that, how can I heal someone? I'm still healing myself. And it goes to the reality of, And I think we all know this at this table, everything in life is a process, right? Like even if you took something really tangible, like we say, this person is rich, we talk about them as if they can never lose it. And that will always be theirs. That's actually not true.


People could lose all their money. We talk about someone being famous, you could lose that. So in the same way, healing progress development, you can lose it. And I think we've got so lost in that destination addiction. The belief that you get to a point from which there is no return. And I think that destination addiction is really misleading in the wellness space because we feel like, oh, now I'm healed. And I think it's comes from this idea of, if you think about it, right, social media's full of before and after pictures. That's where I used to be. Look at where I am now. Right? Right. And it's always like saying, I used to be in a bad place, now I'm in a great place. No process Though. No process. And linear when the real life, life is this every day.


That's right. It's just cyclical. And I think we've made our minds feel that journeys are linear. It's like A to B, like going from LA to New York or New York to LA it's linear. But we know that life is so much more cyclical. And so yes, I have broken the eight rules of love every day, every week of my life. One of the things you said, man, that I think is so important that I want people to really get from this, if they don't get nothing else from this conversation, is you're like, there's no manual for any of this. That you're not gonna be the perfect husband, you're not gonna be the perfect father. I spend so much time simply apologizing to my wife and apologizing to my kids because I don't ever want them to think that I'm trying to come off as some perfect human who never gets anything wrong.


Right. And I think that is, that's very important to do. Yeah. And just being present. Like when you, when your, when your wife calls you, your child calls you. Even if you in that moment you weren't present. I'm, as soon as I'm done, whatever I'm doing, I'm so sorry that, you know, I had to do that, but I had to go do X, y and Z Yeah. In that moment. Yeah, absolutely. And I think, I think the thing about the point you just made, And I, And I hope this is what someone takes away from this as well, is I think a lot of us in our minds when we do introspect, we're quite heavy and harsh on ourselves. I think a lot of people are walking around with a internal inner critical voice that is completely making them feel terrible. And so when anyone says something externally, it's worse.


And I just wanna remind people that you can't hate yourself into change. Like you can't guilt yourself into growth. Jesus, Jesus. You can't blame yourself into a breakthrough. When was the last time you changed who you were? Because someone hated you. Never. When was the last time you supported someone you hate deeply. So if you are hating, blaming, guilting yourself, it may get you started, but it won't get you there. And so anyone who's giving themselves a hard time, I'm not saying to give yourself an easy time, but that inner grace, that inner forgiveness is such an important part of you actually becoming better. So you're not doing it because you're trying to take it easy on yourself. You're doing it because it's gonna let you get through the hard times.


The The the most important thing I think for a lot of people is, is back to what you said with forgiveness and grace. Right? A lot of things that we do is learn behavior, right? Why do people pop their children? Usually because they got popped as a child. You know, a lot of the things that we learned and we were taught were fucked Up. Yeah, yeah, yeah. There's, there's that famous quote you just reminded me of that says, by the time you realize that your parents are right, your kids are telling you that you're wrong. And, and it's that, that awkward position that we end up in. And, but you know what's really interesting about that? I was talking to someone about this at dinner last night and there's this old story that, that I heard a while ago and it's always resonated with me even, even with my own childhood. Not, not in particular, but in essence.


So the story goes that these two men were interviewed and one was an alcoholic and the other one had never drunk alcohol. And they were brothers and they interviewed them and then they asked the one who drank alcohol and was an alcoholic. He said, why are you an alcoholic? He said, my dad was an alcoholic. And then they asked the other brother, why don't you drink? And he said, my dad was an alcoholic. And so I think a lot of us got an education in what not to do, but we ended up repeating it instead of breaking the cycle. And I feel like in my life I had to, I got a great education in a lot of my areas of life in what not to do and who not to be. Right. And I took all those little notes down And I think that's what's improved my life. So I think if we're constantly waiting for the perfect example and the perfect space and the perfect surroundings and the perfect aunt and uncle and the perfect parent, it's like we may be waiting forever 'cause no one's perfect.


Yeah, that's right. So we almost have to make a list of what not to do, but what not to do, But also how to, that's why, that's why podcasts like on purpose is so important. That's why podcasts like, you know, Debbie Brown Deeply Well is so important. 'cause we learn how to Yeah. You know, break, break a lot of these cycles. Absolutely. All right. We got more with Jay Shetty when we come back. Keep it locked. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ j Envy. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jay Shetty. Charlamagne. Are you wearing Gap right now? No, Not right now. Okay. I'm Just asking. No, Because you saw that, you saw that Yeah, I saw the Gap campaign. That's Why I called Jam earlier. You Did the Oh, that's why that's jam. I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. But you thought, you just thought you was handsome, Jake. That was, yeah, that's right.


I Was like, I was like, alright, DJ MV This, you know. Alright. You know, I Wasn't expecting that from you, but thank you man. I appreciate It. No, you and your wife did a holiday holiday gap campaign. Yeah. Yeah. We, We were just, you know, when we got asked to do that, it was like, we couldn't believe it. We're like, what is this? You know, like we grew up watching the gap campaigns, like the holiday campaigns especially. And any, I've said to my wife, any time I get to do any work with her is my favorite thing. Absolute. 'cause I get to hang with her all day. And so that shoot was fun. They made it fun. The creative team was fantastic. Like it was a good time. We walked out of there having had, having had a great day. So yeah, it was a lot of fun. And then it was, it was surreal because, you know, yeah.


Definitely never been a model, so I Appreciate that. I wanted to ask you too, do you get pushback from people who watch you sit down with a Michelle Obama or a Jada Pinkett Smith man, why didn't you challenge them on this? Why didn't you challenge them on that? Yeah. I, I, I don't get pushback from not challenging people because I think the questions I ask are challenging in a different way. But I think I'll get pushback because someone doesn't like that person. Yeah. But what I've found every single time is that when someone actually listens to the episode or watches it on YouTube, if you look at that comment section, it is spectacular. Like when someone's actually taken out time out of the day to listen for an hour or watch for an hour.


Yeah. And then you see the comment section, you'll see people having complete, I had people reaching out about both those episodes, the, the President Biden interview as well that we did earlier last year. And the comments of people who actually listened to it. And by the way, a lot of people were like, Hey, I don't agree with this person's politics. I'm actually on completely on the other side. But I just want you to know that listening to this interview was so enlightening from a human perspective. Thank you for putting it out there. And I respect that approach because I think that's why I do the interview. I don't do the interview for any other reason apart from us looking at the broken mirror and looking back and saying, okay, where can I resonate with the humanity of this individual?


Or where can I relate to this person? So yeah, I think that's, that's generally the pushback. But the comment section, I, I encourage you on those episodes to go look at the YouTube comment section. It it's, it's phenomenal to read what people are getting. Yeah. 'cause I think your conversation with Jada Pinkett Smith Mm. The clips is what set off the Jada Pinkett hate train. Mm. Not because of you. Yeah. Yeah. You know what Emini here. But if you, if you didn't watch the whole conversation in context and you just saw clips Yeah. She got Attacked for A lot of that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Jay is a dear friend for me. So it's, yeah, it's, it's a tough one because I think any clip about anyone, I, I said, I had someone say this to me today, yesterday, they said to me, Jay, they'd met me for the first time and they were like, Jay, you are so much nicer in person.


I didn't like you off of your Instagram. And I was like, fair enough. Like, that's cool. But it's like, it's so hard for me to be all of myself in 30 seconds and I'm trying my best. You are trying your best, you're trying your best. But it's hard for any of us. Like, is There nothing to like about you on Instagram? You're in the kitchen with your wife? No. You got puppies lick your face. Is that right? No, in the sense of, I I think he was just like, you know, I feel like you feel a bit like whatever it was, like whatever his, I don't even know what it was, but I think all of us, if you judged any of us off a 32nd reel Oh yeah. Of I'm course I'm sure all of us would agree it's not who we are, you know? So, and that's why I've stu I do stuff with my wife because I feel I'm most myself when I'm with my wife, because naturally it's the person I spend the most time with.


And so, but even with, even with all of us, like, I've got to meet you guys in person a few times now. We went canne with iHeart on, on, you know, for the festival last year together. And I think when you've met people in person, that's the only time you're gonna feel like you've got to know them. I don't think anyone under, I feel like if someone, if someone, okay, if someone follows me on Instagram, they understand maybe 10% of who I am. If they listen to my podcast, they probably understand 75% of who I'm, 'cause they're really dialing into who I'm, if they've read my books and my podcast, they're probably like at that 89%, if they've seen me live, they're at that 95%. And then when someone's met me in person, it's a hundred percent. And so I think it's all percentages. And I, you know, I I hope that we all, again, going back to forgiveness and grace, I hope that we can all give each other a bit more benefit of the doubt.


Because I think it will go a long way for people. You say language has created the word loneliness to express the pain of being alone. And it has created the word solitude to express the glory of being alone. Could you, could you expound on it? Yeah. It's a Paul tillage quote. The writer, Paul Tillage shared that. And to me, I, I extrapolated from his work, from my book because I was realizing that language and the way we use words completely defines how we think about things. So when you hear the word loneliness, you think sadness, you think potentially depression, you think negativity. Of course solitude is spending time alone with yourself, but with strength, with courage, as Paul Tillett says, glory.


So what I've realized is we've gotta be so careful with the language we use in our minds. Every single word is a seed for either a weed or a flower. That's right. And so every single word that you say is defining. So if I keep saying I'm lonely, I'm lonely, I'm lonely, that's gonna impact how I feel. But if I say I'm in solitude, all of a sudden there's a strength that comes with that. And so I just wanna encourage people to recognize that being alone doesn't have to be a weakness. It can be a time of strength and self-awareness and personal growth, but it is about the language that we use with ourselves. And so I would ask everyone to this one activity. Think about the one word that comes to your mind, the moment you wake up or the moment you go to sleep.


Make that word a word that you want it to be. Don't let the word you go to sleep with and don't let the word you wake up with be a word that makes you feel negative, unhealthy, or weak. Because those studies show we have 60 to 80,000 thoughts per day. And 80% of them are negative and 80% of them are repetitive, which means you're having the same negative word or thought repeating. It's not like we're having lots of different thoughts. It's the same thought. Now you can't control 60 to 80,000 thoughts, but you can control two thoughts of the day. So just master the first thought of the day and the last thought of the day. And make it a thought and a word that you want it to be. I Wonder when, when that study was done, I wonder, was it before social media or after? Because I feel like with social media is probably tripled that night. Yeah, I probably read it that that stat probably I read in the last three to four years.


So I guess while social media's around, but yeah. Yeah. Emini here now it could have totally tripled, but it's interesting 'cause it's the same thought often. Yeah, right. It's a lot of time. We keep saying the same thing. I'm so tired. I'm so tired. That thought could life last a year or like, oh God, I'm so scared at work, I'm so anxious that could last a year. So One more thing. Yeah man. Is there anything Jay shady hates? Ooh. The answer is I don't, because I think hate personally, collectively, individually doesn't lead to greatness. What about the notebook? You hate the notebook? I Don't hate the notebook, but I have, I have thoughts about the notebook. Charlemagne. I don't hate the notebook. I find it hilarious as to how many, And I was like I said, I'm a hopeless romantic.


I'm, I've been like that my whole life because I grew up watching Hollywood movies thinking that that's how I was meant to fall in love. I was that dumb person who fell for that. And now I've read about something that they call Disney Princess syndrome. Yeah. Where people walk around like feeling like they're gonna be saved by their partner. Like you're gonna have a night in shining armor who's gonna come in and rescue you. And I think there's Disney Prince Syndrome as well. Well we want to go and save someone and we want to be the be all and end all of everything. So the notebook just has some really questionable lines. So yeah, I don't hate the notebook. Well, Jay Shetty, ladies and gentlemen, thank you. Where can they follow you, Jay? Tell 'em Come and check out the podcast on purpose. It's where I'm pour in my heart and soul and you know, excited to share so many more amazing, maybe thought provoking, maybe even pushing you slightly conversations to come and join us on purpose.


And his latest book was Eight Rules of Love that came out last year. How to find it, keep it and let it go. Yes. You got any, a new book coming or You No, no, no. This was just, I was just excited to be back with you and hang in and actually, do you know what, sometimes I love these conversations because I came here not knowing where it was gonna go, and then you guys just guided it beautifully. So this was wonderful, man. Thank you so much, sir. Yeah. Thank you guys. Thank you. Well, Jay Shetty, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Well leave us On a positive note. The positive note is this maturity is when you know the other person is lying, but you just smile and let it go. Breakfast Cub bitches, do y'all finish or y'all done?