
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody Did you hear that exclusive? You know she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hello guys and welcome back. This is episode two of the latest with Lauren La Rosa. So you know, since y'all don't pop my cherry already, you know it's feeling like home. I'm excited to hear all the feedback. Thank you for everybody that joined the live that I did when I went live with the Black Effect Podcast Network. If you as locked into me as I need y'all to be, I need you guys to subscribe to the audio wherever you get your podcast. The iHeart app, the you know, the podcast app through Apple, Spotify, all that good stuff. Subscribe to the audio because that's where everything will always go.


First, first, fast, efficient, factual. That is what we giving over here. Okay? I'm Lauren La Rosa, I'm the Home Garden. Knows a little bit about everything and everybody and let's get on into this episode, episode two. So today I'm actually here. I have family here in my apartment as we are recording this. I have friends, my mom is here. You y'all see my makeup is done. My makeup always be done. That's my makeup be is done. My makeup is always done, okay? The girls always giving. But this is like special beat, special hair because we were actually getting ready to head to the launch party for the podcast. But as all of this was happening, so as my makeup was getting done, as my hair was getting done, I got an alert.


I'm still subscribed to all of TMZs alerts. I also get breaking news via Twitter from M-S-N-B-C, like all these different places. Places my phone like never stops with the notifications and they release the audio. A nine one one call from the night that young scooter, the a TL rapper that passed away last weekend on his 39th birthday, he was running from police and tore something or you know, something where he like bled out there was an artery or something that was affected. He like was running from police and that happened and he died because of that. After there was a phone call made to police. So now we have more information. So the nine one one call was about a four minute, eight second audio.


There was a woman who called in from the neighborhood. She was the neighbor of the whatever the house. This was that young scooter and you know these alleged seven other men or six other men were at. So in the nine one one call it opens and it starts with her saying, Hey, I'm neighborhood watch. There are about seven men in a house. This house has a lot of activity. I don't know if they're selling drugs outta the house. I don't know if it's you know, prostitution or trafficking. Like she alleged a ton of different things. But what she was saying is like, look, it's something going on over there. As she's talking police through what she's seeing, she's saying different things like the woman was fighting with a man. She mentioned that, you know, within this fight with this man, the man was not holding back on this woman.


The woman got to a point where whatever the injuries were that she sustained, she was bleeding insanely. She says that the woman called someone to the house called other men to the house and there were gunshots that went off. After those gunshots went off is when the physical altercation between that woman at this neighborhood watch person is seeing and whoever this man is and she doesn't identify the man. So we don't know who the man was and she kept saying, I think she said it about two or three times that there, there was a child involved because that there, the woman just had a baby that there was a baby somewhere or a child somewhere in this house or somewhere in this situation. But this phone call, which Atlanta police have released.


Now the craziest part about this is that the woman, right, who called in who says, Hey, I'm neighborhood watch, this is what I'm seeing. Police don't even know they, they haven't located her, they're trying to locate her. That's, that was the point in them putting the call out. So I reached out to law enforcement sources. Hi Officer Preor, my name is Lauren. I'm one of the senior news producers at The Breakfast Club. How are you? So I was reaching out, I saw the the 9 1 1 audio that you guys released for the the young, the young scooter desk. I had a question for you. So I know when you guys did the press conference over the weekend you had said that you never located a woman or spoke to a woman or anything like that. The call is pretty detailed and, and what the neighborhood watch person is describing.


Have you guys since talked to a woman or anybody additional that points to a woman or like just anything? Is there anything additional from that press conference that we heard before? Gotcha. After speaking to law enforcement sources, I now understand that they put the nine one one call out because they're actually trying to locate this woman. This is like a huge development to have a witness like that even though they don't know who she is yet. But to have someone out there who saw and described things of that nature, the case is solved at this point. If you ask me, they just gotta get to her. I think by the end of the week police in Atlanta should have a lot more of a zoned in answer of what actually led up to the death of Young Scooter. Now second we gonna go to the church.


So Marvin Sap for some background for you guys who first of all do not know who he is, Marvin SAP is never could've made it, never would've made it. That song is probably like, I would say one of the the the biggest, like it's like a calling card to the black church at this point. Black church, black funeral, all those things. But he is also a preacher as well. So he was in a church conference, he instructed ushers to close doors and he instructed people on the live stream and people in the church including, you know, everybody on the pulpit to give $20 people on the pulpit had to give a hundred dollars. So he put a door tab on the hallelujah and people are not okay with that at all.


Like not at all. And now he's coming out and he's talking about some of the things that he's experiencing because of that. So Marvin Sapp sat down with the Ricky Smiley show and he basically, he's trying to clear it up like I feel like when Marva SAP first came out with his statement, once this video went re viral, 'cause again this video is from July of 2024. So this is not a new video, it went viral again, I don't know what why but when things are on the internet, that's what it does. But he posted something on Facebook basically saying like, look, he was at a convention, he had over 4,000 people in attendance that evening including the virtual viewers.


And in the moment he challenged leadership and the people that were viewing to sow a different amount of different amounts of money. So he asked the 2000 people that were viewing virtually and in person to sew $20. And when I say so for those of you who are not black church, big hat churchgoers sow a seed or sowing the church is like ties and offerings. So that's when you give your money to the church. So he had asked the viewers and the people just attending church to give $20 and then if you were there in any official capacity and on the pool put you had to give a hundred dollars. He made it clear that that evening he personally gave much more. He broke it down. He said he had to pay basically like a licensing or something that he has to do in order to like be able to preach and then some other things.


So he spent well over $2,000 that night he said. And then he made it clear this money would've been for the church's like convention budget. It was not going directly to him. This was not even at his church. I don't know if that even really matters though, to be honest with you because when I saw the reaction to it, I don't think that people were asking like, yo, is this his church? He gotta pay his light bill. I no, I did. Some people were saying, yo, what bills does he have to pay? But I don't think that it mattered y'all care about where like when y'all heard this story, did y'all think, is this his church or no, no you didn't. No, a lot of people didn't care about the location of the church. So I thought that that was kind of odd for him to clear that up.


I know I saw, I know what he was trying to do by saying that, but I thought it was odd because to me it's like regardless of where you are, it just doesn't look good for a church to be doing tithe and offering and receiving money in that manner. And I think the biggest issue that people had with him and that I had with him personally And I, I didn't have an issue but the thing that struck me as like, ooh, okay that was a little bit, that was a little bit much was his tone when he instructed the ushers to lock the doors or to close the doors. 'cause I think he also said it never, he smiley interview, he never said lock, he said close, but he said it very assertively. But he did also try and say too that the reason why he was as assertive as he was was because during that time when people were collecting money in church, it's a very vulnerable time.


It's an emotionally vulnerable time. And I think he was referring to the fact that like, you know, just safety wise because of money being passed around and things of that nature, like people coming in or doing whatever in the church during that time. But let me tell y'all, okay, I go to church, yes, I take my shots. Yes, I, you know what Emini here, I have a good time, but I do go to church. I've never felt like you needed to lock the, the doors of the church like Rikers Island when it's time to tithe. I've never felt like that most of the time to be honest with y'all in these big megachurches like where they were, your tithing and your offering is happening digitally. So I don't know if you know Marvin SAP thought that the digital dirty bandits were gonna come in and rob everybody of their iPhones and their wifi, but I don't understand what security breaches he thought were thought might have happened.


And also too, I feel like if, if that's how you felt about that time, I can understand it being a sacred time only because you're praying it's like altar call. Like you know, if you were raised in a church, you know there are certain times where you don't just get up and leave church And I can understand that. But I do think the whole, oh I was trying to make sure that we were safe while money was being passed around or whatever. I know he's a preacher, God forgive me, I'm gonna take a shot after I say this. Just, you know, I think that was bullshit because there's no way that like, it just doesn't happen. That's like me having to go through a a, a security scanner before I walk into a church. There are some churches that do have that right? But it's a everyday thing. This is not just a one-off thing And I don't see any other videos of him and y'all correct me if I'm wrong, I've never seen any other videos of Marvin Sapp And I don't dislike him.


I love his music. I do think that he's anointed man by God, but I think he's human and he made a mistake And I would just like for him to own up to that instead of trying to now play victim like he's doing and to act oblivious to what he did and the position that he's in and why people are upset. There are churches that do have security measures but I think if you're doing all of that prior to the security measures or whatever, you don't have to get on a microphone and say close the doors, close the doors, nobody leave. We need to get this amount of money. I just don't see how the two correlate. I think that there was a way to make people feel safe without making 'em feel trapped. And that's my point. And I think that the interview that mar, that Marva sap just did with Ricky Smiley, to me it was annoying to see it because it's like, okay, I get that you might not have meant any harm by it and you thought you were doing a good thing because you're trying to raise this budget for this church convention.


But there are people who solely come to church. And don't get me wrong, churches are businesses, churches are places that you come. You use their electric, you use their water, you eat their snacks, you use their oil, you eat them crackers that don't taste like nothing but they cost money. All of that stuff costs money. And I don't know how y'all were raised, but you don't go in nobody house eating their food and don't ask can you buy something, you just don't do that. But at the same time there are people who come to church without anything who are looking to be put back together so they can get to a point where they can even tithe. And all of us have been there. So I, I think that it was just, it was just distasteful and instead of, you know, to me, both of the times that I've heard him speak about this, instead of him just coming out and saying, Hey, I understand why y'all are upset, I understand why this may be deemed by some as distasteful even though that was not my intention, but I apologize and here's what you know here, here's what the conversation around tithing and offering should be.


Here's why it matters in the church here is, you know, the biblical text surround it about, you know, the gifts that were given way like this is not new ti tithing and offering it is not new. Giving gifts offering up. It's not new. But I think that we're getting away from such a major conversation. I think that that's one of the biggest issues when it comes to the black church. It's like we focus on things that are like not important to bring us back to around bring, to bring us back around to what people's issue is with the church. It's the humans in the church and their issues. And if you're gonna have a human moment and if you're going to mess up in a human moment, it's fine, but be human to know that that's what's happening. Now I will say though that Marvin SAP has said that now he's receiving death threats because of this.


That's too much. Y'all don't even go to church that much to even care. Okay? Like that is just too much Receiving death threats is crazy over this. It's, it is not that big, big of a deal. But he said that he's receiving death threats. He's said that now his children are afraid because he's a widower. His wife passed away. So his children are seeing those different threats online and in the comments and they're scared for their dad. And because of that he's had to beef up security at, you know, wherever he's going. His church is, he's had to, you know, do different things at his home. I think that that's unfair. People make mistakes, it happens. Let's all learn from it. Let's all grow from it. But I do think that a little bit more of like a empathy, hey I messed up, probably would change the tone around this a lot.


And I, I don't think that that's where the focus is right now. And I just don't understand why the focus is not there whatsoever. All of this because of a big misunderstanding is yeah, the pulling up, he even said people are pulling up to the churches and to his, like to his church and the churches where he's at with issues. Y'all crazy as hell to pull up on a pastor. I think his wording was wrong. I think his, his assertiveness was wrong. But I don't think that he has ill intent. I don't know him personally, but that's just not what I gather from it. And also too, I've seen videos now of other preachers who have done the same thing. Almost like a telethon where like you're trying to raise money, trying to raise money, trying to raise money. So I don't know, I just, hopefully he sits down and has a conversation with somebody that's gonna like challenge him a bit because love Ricky Smiley, Hey Ricky, I know you probably listening love you to death, but I didn't feel like he was challenged enough in this conversation either.


'cause there were some things that I feel like were simple conversation or simple questions that should have been asked in response to what he said. So I would say we, we gonna stay locked to this but baby hopefully ain't no more. 'cause hopefully the church got what they needed and the conference will happen again next year and he gonna save all the saints or something. Now this has been the latest with Lauren La Rosa, I appreciate you guys for tuning on in. Don't forget, we are here daily. So every morning at 6:00 AM I'm your daily dose of what's going down the breakdown. I'm your homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, and I'm gonna be asking y'all like I wanna know how y'all feel about the podcast, how y'all feel about the topics. Tweet me, talk to me at me. I will repost you guys.


I appreciate all of you guys for tuning in to everybody. Like I said at the top of this, who has let me know like, oh, I'm listening to the show. I love this. I love that. Keep on doing it y'all. So thank you guys for tuning in Cheer. I'll see you guys in my next episode.