
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 or may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share Holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


All right. So Kendrick Lamar dropped a surprise album and it's crazy. We was at work and then he dropped it right when we went home that Friday before break. Yep. And I. I ain't gonna lie. I love it. I love it. Album's hard. I listen to it. Albums tough. And I Love how, how short it is. 'cause then you can listen to it. You, because Dissect thing, a album, a Kendrick album is one of the hardest things to me, but I do it. I you have to listen to its albums more than once. But this one you get everything. I I got Al was hard. It is You know people was trying to say that. He's trying to show that he's better than Drake, but I think he's trying to show he's better than everybody. This is, yeah. What are y'all talking about? That's, that's he, he got busier that album. Kendrick has not been in competition with nobody for a very long time. Y'all. That's right, That's right. That's What you talking about. That album is great. Yep, yep, yep. He's The plus prize winner.


Let's not forget that. And then whacked out Meryl's Kendrick addressed Snoop Dogg and Lil Wayne. That's what people was talking about. And so Snoop actually big up them. You know k.new album GNX. Now listen, real quick before we get into the responses, is it goodnight X Genix or GNX gx? Because you never know what, what It's GX is a type of car. GN X. Okay. I I Don't know. I just know it's nice. It's, it's a very popular car in, in LA culture. Very limited, very limited edition. They only made it for one year. And I think they made It's just a couple of hundred. It's like a hundred. And if you wanna buy it now, all right. One just sold this week for like 116,000 on grandchild Oh one. It was a black Grand National. Okay. So that's what that Grand National, it's a limited Edition to The Grand National because I know I'm not the only one that had this question.


Don't be looking at me like, oh, what? He had a picture of the car on the cover. Okay. I don. I No, you're right. I asked that question too. I asked my homies on the West Coast, I said, what's the significance of the Grand next? And they, they, they broke it down because Kendrick is so damn coated. We don't know. So it could Be Ask my man Glasses Malone, that last week, absolute You know. Right. It's in them in addition to the Grand National. But Wayne reacted and he said, man, what the FI do? I just be chilling. And they still come from my head. Let's not take kindness for weakness. Let this giant sleep. I beg you all. No one really wants destruction. Not even me, but I shall destroy it if disturbed on me. Love. It's Crazy. Now listen, Lil Wayne is a top five mc of all time. Absolutely. If you're being objective. Right. I have to put Little Wayne in my top five. He don't want no problems with Kendrick right now. Mm. And the reason he don't want no problem with Kendrick's, right. Kendrick right now is because emotionally, mentally, and spiritually, Lil Wayne is not on the level to get outta Kendrick.


Hmm. Because Kendrick would break down little Wayne's whole life. Yeah, yeah. In a very therapeutic way. Yeah. And, and it's not even, but what he said didn't cause for that reaction to me, that's all he said. My hard work, I guess he let You know, let him down. But I do feel like You know, it was like, I was surprised that Wayne took that approach that he did when he responded about not doing the Super Bowl or whatever like that. So I, I just don't think it was big enough for him to do that. But I mean, they gonna be them. Now Drake, on the other hand, he filed two lawsuits against UMG and that was the Monday after the album had dropped or whatever. Right. So he pro, he filed a pre-action doc that's asking to be able to get all in G's business because he is going to file, he gonna file a suit, but he needs to know who's against it.


Like, like he's a legend. UMG paid for bots, influencers, and podcasters to make noise for like, to push not like us, to make it as big as it was. Right now on The same thing UMG has been doing for him his whole career. Yeah. But he, I'm sure he said he got evidence of like, all right, so basically one of the things that stuck out to me is what he said when he said influencers is videos of influencers like saying like, play Drake music. Like you can say it, the Siri like, oh, Certified. And then it take Them to not, like That's because these, these things pick up lyrics too. So you don't, if you don't know the name of a song and you say keywords, it'll pull up the song. So if you say certified Loverboy in that moment, during that week Yes. Not like us would come up.


Yeah. Yeah. And then we, you predicted this, you predicted this six months ago on Brilliant Idiots One. What is the next move for Drake lawsuit? No, lemme tell you something. Drake is half white. Exactly. Okay. Drake Mama's side of the family is like, oh no, Aubrey. No. This man is our hate calling you a pedophile. No, Aubrey. Listen, there's probably people at night, they're probably people at Universal. There's people that got real vested interest in Drake that is a multi billion dollar entity. Yeah. They like, you gotta protect your name. Call that rap, call your cousin, call your cousin the lawyer. So this, he's not suing. And then he And, I did predict that you did.


I charged for that too, but it don't work when I Charge. Oh my God. Yeah. But he basically feels like, yo, you g and he's suing and he's not suing Kendrick. A lot of people was in the comments song. He suing Kendrick. No, he's suing UMG and Spotify. Basically saying like, y'all like y'all, y'all let this man called me pedophile on his song. That costed me money. Well He's not suing anybody yet. He just filed a petition. Well, Pre Yeah, yeah, yeah. But it would, it wouldn't be against Kendrick. No, it would be UMG and Spotify. Man. Please You know Kendrick was in that house. I ain't shooting at Kendrick. I just shot up the house. Knock it off. Okay. What are you talking about? Right. You know what you doing. It just showing me that Drake does not understand culture because not like us was a cultural phenomenon. You know, like you, you can't program a record like that.


Like I, it wouldn't surprise me if one day California made not like us. Their actual state model. That's how big that record is. Yeah. And it was, it, it just has nothing to do with programming a playlist or paying a radio fan. Yeah. I thought the lawsuit was, was whack. And the reason I think it was whack is is Disc records and, and talking about people in records have been going on since the beginning of hip hop. And not only that, if I'm not, if I, if, correct me if I'm wrong, but didn't Drake throw shots at Kendrick that necessarily weren't true to Yeah, he said Kendrick beat his woman. He said that Kendrick's woman's one of their children was was was Dave free his man's child? Yeah. That's who got the, by the way, if anybody wanted to suit for defamation, it could be Kendrick's girl. Mm. She got the slam dunk defamation suit because she's a civilian.


She's Not, she's A civilian. It's hard to prove defamation against public figures, but she's a civilian. Correct. She don't got nothing to do with none of this. And you said she got beat on and you said that one of her children, it was somebody else's Not Kendricks. Okay. That I thought that was whack out. I I think at this point, yes, you take the l you regroup and you put out an album and not the album party put out a rap album and then whatever you feel in that rap album, you, you say in them songs. You Should take my advice Drake that I told you over the summer, you should take a year off. Yep. UG did UMGA spokeperson not getting a year off. Yes, he does. Real quick. A spokesperson for UMG. They told us that the suggestion that UMG would do anything to undermine any of its artists is offensive and untrue. We employ the highest ethical practices in our marketing and pro and promotional campaigns.


So yeah, I just don't understand because he, he's still selling records. He's still selling tours. He's still one of the biggest artists out there. I just don't understand that move. He's light skinned. You do understand. No, That ain't light skinned. Oh yes it is. No it's not, not it is the, it it's beyond light skinned. Nah, not in it. But also too You know Drake is kind of shooting himself in the foot. 'cause what about when he puts out his next project and he want them little tricks of the trade that he's given up. Because there was times where Drake's music would be at the top of the gospel playlist. What the hell is he at the top of the gospel Playlist about God's playing? No, it wasn't God's playlist video Gospel for my dogs. Top of the gospel playlist. Why? You know what I don Dunno You. know what I'm saying? You, you put, you put a song at radio and immediately Drake's song is everywhere.


Like come on. Like, so what happens when UMG doesn't use those tricks of the trade for his next project? Seems like he's trying to get off UMGI just don't think this is the right way to do it. I don I don't think he's trying to get off I. don, I think this hurts himself. I don, I mean there's, there's other distribution houses, but I think he wants Mg he just read up two years ago. That's the other thing everybody keep talking about this is he's in the middle of negotiation. He just read up like two years ago for 400 million. He is in, in, in, in a middle of renegotiation again. Now read up years ago they said he, they said he gave Yeah, 600,000, 600 million. Now they said he made that $400 million back. I guess allegedly from touring and album sales. But they're renegotiating allegedly now. I don't believe that. That's what they said. I just think people are making excuses for Drake because they like Drake because the same way Drake was sitting on the CN tower.


People be sitting on Drake's penis just like that. Oh my God. Oh, Drake got the greatest d riders of all time. Yeah, That's just for the mask. I. don. I ain't know I don dunno. You stop with the dro in there. Yeah, because I'm trying to think about, oh, okay. D riding. Alright, now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. There was a a lady, do we have an audio of the lady, of the woman at all at Thanksgiving? No. No. They, they're about to put it in. They saying it's in, they're pointing at you and saying it's in. Now this lady got a pause. God damn Called Cut. Pretty much. So this lady over Thanksgiving got mad at her family because she said last year Thanksgiving was very expensive.


It cost over $500. So this year when family members came, she had spaghetti. Okay, you got the audio. We're trying to do spaghetti for Thanksgiving. It's, it's a lot easier. You try to keep up with the tradition of Thanksgiving, but the way groceries are, unless you're doing a potluck, if you put it just on one person, it breaks the bank. Instead of spending close to $500. I figured I'm gonna keep it simple. You Spent almost $500 last Year. Yes, it was egregious. It, it hurt to say the least and then to turnaround, knowing that rent was due the next week. But me doing it, beans, greens, potatoes, tomatoes, yam, lamb, ram, ham, hog.


I'm not doing it. I ain't got the funds. You feel like you're taking the holidays away from your kids or your family. I'm just happy that we get to experience it. Even if it's not You. know the mashed potatoes and green bean casserole type of situation. Damn. I mean I, I get it, I get it. I mean the family was mad. They wanted they, well the people were talking in the comments, they were upset. They was like, that's kind of whack. But bring Thanksgiving me some money. Bring me some food or something then. But I thought Thanksgiving was about family. It is. But family coming together, whatever you could provide on your table, that's all that matters. If that's what she could afford. How you eat. It was just spaghetti. It was just spaghetti. It was just bread. It is just bread. But at the end of the day, you want your family together. The fact that you got your parents, your grandparents, your cousins, your brothers, your sisters.


I think that's what it is. It's more so about being thankful. Now let's open up the phone lines. What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. You go to Thanksgiving for You know for your family member when you get there. They got spaghetti. How you feeling out there? Let's, let's discuss, let's talk. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How would you feel if you showed up and they was serving spaghetti? Let's talk. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, Amazon Cyber Monday deals are here with deals up to 40% off shop Cyber Monday deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming full 2024. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four. Detail


It and Business Consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I like to Work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with my life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is Possible, find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


The holidays are about Spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.