
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Let's get I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You that Lucy, you know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in. Hi. Hey, Hey y'all. It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La This is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, and the conversations that really shake the room. I'm your host Lauren la and my Lowriders. Welcome on back. Welcome on back. How am I feeling? How are you feeling? Hello Taylor. It's with me and it's my birthday. Woo.


Back on the ground. How you feeling today, Taylor? I'm good. I'm grateful. I'm happy. You said you got emotional earlier today. Yeah. You don't get, I be like, yo, Taylor is like, it is like you your baby, but like, you don't be like doing like regular pregnant people stuff. Like you don't be hormonal. You be like, you still, you don't even look pregnant. Thank you. Thank you for saying that. You just have a belly and a baby. Yes. Thank you. I know maybe 'cause you from Philly you don't get emotional. I don't know. I don't know. I think it's 'cause I'm a Taurus but I'll just like emotional more so just grateful of like where I was and where I am now and everything. Just happy for the people that's in my circle and all that.


You Also have a, a really amazing support system, like your family and your boyfriend is amazing. Yeah. So to be husband, I love him for you. I just love the evolution of like, since I've met you, like to where you are now just in your personal life. You know what Emini here, it's like a i I feel full for you and it feel complete and happy for you. So I can't imagine how you feel. Yeah. Thank you. Yeah. So happy birthday girl. Make sure y'all go tell Taylor. Taylor made it. She makes all the amazing intros for The Breakfast Club and she produces this podcast. Make sure you tell my girl happy birthday. But I feel good as well. I actually, you know, after completing this week of, of the Diddy trial, I'm like, yo, I say I know you tired and Bye bud. My body is icky.


Like all of this. Like, 'cause my days are so much longer now. Yeah, you know what? Emini here. But I, I do think that this week has really taught me a lot about like, just being able to not follow the wave. Like Charlemagne always be like, don't follow the wave. Create the wave and like, you know, I think with the case accidentally, that's what I began to do by just picking up my phone and telling y'all what I saw, what I heard and how I honestly feel. Even if people are gonna be like, you are not a lawyer, you're not an analyst, you're not this, you're not that. But it's created a, like people have really been appreciating it. Like there's been so many people who've DMed me like that are like, yo, we appreciate you just being honest. Even if it's like you're on Puff's side one day you not on his side the next day you on Cassie's side.


Like they're not picking sides. They just appreciate the clean reporting. Yeah. You know what, Emini here, a Lot of like the allies I usually go to weren't really, or they're putting certain statements out. I was like, I'm gonna ask line later because You can only stick to but so much like even in me trying to figure out like how to bring all the information to social media and then The Breakfast Club and then here on the podcast like there's so much information. It's like, where do you put what? So normally they just lean into like what the big stuff is. But to me, I think everything be big. I be in there yesterday I was in there like I was watching a novella. I was like, oh, oh my God, did you have popcorn at the courthouse? Girl, I tell you, they don't even let you, they don't let you eat in the, you're not supposed to eat. You can even chew gum in there. Really?


Yeah. It's, it's, it is like a thing, especially if you're in the main courtroom. But yeah, so I'm, I'm feeling, you know, a little tired, but I'm, I'm also in a, a, a space of gratitude. I've been like that for some time now though. Like I'm in a, a really good place. So I'm feeling I'm reciprocating your energy, Taylor. I appreciate all the good, good vibes you've been sending my way. Yes. Well let's take it to the courts 'cause I need to know. Yes. 'cause you know, your girl love to take you outta court. Love to take y outta court. So man, yesterday was Cassie's first day of cross-examination, which is where Diddy's defense team gets to ask her some questions about things she said on the stand and things that she might not have said yet that they feel like the people should know.


The people of the jury should know. I feel like she was up there looking crazy like, you know, I I still, IIII empathize for her, you know, and all of the abuse that she had to endure and, and you know, I was really sitting there yesterday like, man, or the day before yesterday when she talked through all of the abuse, like the physical and mental abuse and things of that nature and, and we, they were showing us photos of her, her bruises and her basically like her battle wounds from this man. And I'm like, she did all of that and they would put on makeup right after, literally right after sometimes and go stand next to him and smile and like everything was okay. She held it so much in for so long. I cannot imagine being her. Like I can't imagine being her at all.


So to see her on the stand now and then I feel like the prosecution didn't protect her in the way that they should have yesterday. And it was like insane to me. Like I'm just gonna really quickly go down a list of the things that they debunked, tell her you can ask me questions you had, but I really wanted to talk about today just, you know, how her, her personal sex life, not even with the escorts but like, you know, her dating Michael B. Jordan, you know, a lot of things. So She did date Michael B. Jordan. She did date Michael B. Jordan. But like a lot of these things yesterday when I, we were talking to her attorney after court, make sure y'all visit my Instagram, Lauren la Rosa, my YouTube channel, Lauren la Rosa tv where that interview is he her lawyer? Her lawyer admitted it's hard for him to hear a lot of this stuff and I'm like, I can't imagine what them conversations are gonna be like after this court case is over.


Because yeah, because That's, I always want, I wonder if she told him everything because I feel like maybe not this in depth because wow, Emini here it, this sound so bad, but like why would you Yeah, because how she's Putting it out there seems like, you know, she's a victim and I'm not saying she's not, but I'm just saying she, he only knows one side. So now them reading the other Other side of it. That's what I was thinking about. So you like that like, you know what Emini here, that's literally what I was thinking about is like I wonder how she positioned it to him because there, so yesterday on the stand there were a lot of different things that they, you know, I I wanna say caught her up on, but I think it was more so they showed the other side of it and it did make her look and it made her testimony the day prior it look a bit crazy.


So the biggest thing was there were so many text messages that came out. So there was one from 2009 where she had text puff and they were having conversations about the, the freak off and she said, I'm always down to freak off, she talked about how aggressive she wanted the, you know, their sexual encounter to be when they linked up there were text messages because there were text messages from the the March 5th, 2016 incident, which was where she, we, we saw her be beat on video in the Intercontinental Hotel in LA And when the prosecutors gave us some background context via her interview with them, they used text messages specifically from March 5th, like just that day day. And a few of them Diddy's team came in on her cross-examination yesterday and took it all the way back to the third, right March 3rd.


When I tell y'all it painted such a different picture of, you know, and, and I'm not saying that the beating was okay, they haven't even gotten into that yet as on her cross-examination. But it painted a different picture as to just the leadup, right? Because we, we were under the impression, according to her testimony, that the leadup looked like her just doing this freak off because she had alleged that she had a big movie premiere coming up and she didn't want to have it ruined. So she just pleased she wanted to please Diddy that weekend so that everything would be good on Monday. The way that the text messages were in full when you backed it up to the third. But again, we only see in a couple days, right? So there could be more That cut came out. She initiated the, the the freak off situation puff allowed.


He was telling her since you wanna do this, since it your freak off, you pick it, you tell, tell me who you want, how you want it to go. We should chill though 'cause you got your big movie premiere Monday, let's not get too high. Let's let's go to bed early so we can rest stuff. Like I didn't see those messages, yo I was like what is happening? This is so different and why would the prosecution even allow that to go down? But I'm like, you know, maybe they, maybe they gotta come back to that because that literally is only one day in a few conversations out of a 10, 11 year relationship and we know that there was abuse. We know that he did. Now we know that he did threaten to expose videos and things of that nature 'cause they showed that in text as well. But it came out on the stand that because they were trying to, you know, color in the narrative that Cassie was very jealous of Puff and you know, other women he was dealing with including Kim Porter, the late Kim Porter who was the mother of the twin girls that he has in Christian Combs and the woman Gina, who was a woman that he was dealing with toward the end of his and Cassie's relationship.


And she says that Gina was one of the biggest problems, that's why the relationship ended, right? So they're trying to ping her out to be jealous and low key without saying it. They were trying to make her out to be this like who who was like a liar and all these things. And I'm like, oh my God, not after we just spent a day talking about how she was being dragged up and down hotel rooms and knots on her head or whatever. Yeah. But again, it's court so you gotta, you wanna go in for your side of it. So I'm just sitting there watching and they bring up, she was filming a, a movie in South Africa and they mentioned an actor that she was dealing with on that movie set. And I knew that it was Michael B. Jordan 'cause I've been told this And I told the guys on the show this not on the show, it was behind the scenes of the show about a week ago.


And we were having a conversation about whether we should have reported it or not at that time because The World didn't know at that time. And we made the decision not to report it because I just didn't understand why bringing a woman's past sexual history to try and soften her the the the victimization that she did experience. Right. Like, but well The, I think didn't they also say like, you know, did he introduce her to oral sex? I think that's false. Yo, they they did say that that, but then they, they brought up Ryan Leslie who was also an older man. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like they were doing that to paint the picture of like, no, you had a type you the people that could help you with your career older.


You knew what you were doing. That's what they were giving. Like they didn't say that, but everything about how they set that up said that. Yeah, but I'm just saying she was a sexual being. I don't feel like Diddy introduced her to Emini here. Maybe other stuff, maybe like the free girls, whatever they did. But I don't think, and And that's been his whole argument the whole time. That's been Diddy's argument the whole time of like, you know, I And I have a different sexual lifestyle and sexual choice and I'm basically a swinger and we were really high and really drunk and under the influence, I don't even know some of the stuff I was doing that has been one of his defenses. But what they're trying to, what Diddy's team is trying to distance him from is, is that he coerced or he forced, you know, a like a Cassie and all these other people to be a part of these freak off situations.


And I feel like yesterday did a really good job for Diddy's team did a really good job yesterday of of, of backing him away from this like man who was forcing and coercing people to do these things. It it really, it Comes off very violent, that's all. Yes. 'cause Emini here, he, he's going to come off very violent when we spend a whole day talking about how he beat this woman up. Yeah, I didn't know like you had heard rumors And I used to work for a woman who, who she worked for Puff for a long time. She was like one of Puff's first employees. She then created a company in the wine and spirits area area that helped him do marketing and branding around Roc. So I worked for her for a while. So I got to be around and see things and experience things and you had heard a lot about there being alleged abuse, physical abuse with Cassie.


But I promise y'all what we saw in court the day before her cross-examination. I didn't know it was that bad. Like it was so messed up. I wanted to cry for her. Yeah. And I'm just seeing and hearing about it. Right? So we go through that full day and then she comes back on standing and now they're making her out to be this like, okay, we know that that happened. We've already apologized, we've already taken accountability, but let's get into you Miss Girl. That's what it was given. And I'm like, man, her husband is in the courtroom up until a certain point. Once they start talking about 2018 and on, he's not there anymore because he also might have to testify. So what's the reactions? So I wasn't in the actual courtroom yesterday. I was in the overflow room, which is where you could just watch it on television. So you, I could still see them from what I could see of puff his, his, his body language and his demeanor way different yesterday.


But it was very obvious that his team was doing a good job yesterday, the day before that, at one point I saw him pour water and his hand was shaking like bad, way more relaxed yesterday. Like you could tell that his team felt like they did what they needed to do yesterday. His team is asking for more time with Cassie. 'cause it's her last situation. Her last cross examination is supposed to be completed by today. And it's, you know, because she's pregnant and at this point she could go any day. Yeah. You know what Emini here, they're the, the judge is trying to make sure that they don't put too much on her and that they get her in and out. But Diddy's team yesterday made it a point to say it and they said it about three times in court. Cassie is the most important witness and her cross-examination is the most important thing for his case.


So they're like, if we need more time, judge, you gotta allow it. And the judge agreed. He said, look, if it's substantial and it makes sense, I'll give you more time. But if not, you knew for a long time now that today Friday the 16th was going to be her last day where she could be questioned by you guys. You should have been, you know what Emini here you should have guided your, your questioning better. So we'll see what happens. But man, her and her husband gonna have some conversations after this because Emini here she was with, she was doing it with her guy though. There were some things that came out in court. I was like, Ooh, I wonder if they talked about that. Like what else? Just freaky stuff. Like there were there, there were, so for instance, like, you know, the way that a lot of the freak offs were positioned in the beginning was like she didn't wanna do them.


She did not enjoy them. They were making her physically sick. She had sores in her mouth. She was getting UTIs all the time that she couldn't heal because she was having sex so much. Like there was just no regard for her being at all. And she had no choice because of how battered, bruised and beaten and, and, and drugged up. She was, she even threw, you know, she, she admitted that she willingly took drugs but at the same time they kind of made it seem like almost like a Bobby and Whitney situation that like it was because of her relationship with Puff that she started doing it and she only did it with him. Right. Even they, they even burst that bubble yesterday and talked about how, you know, Diddy did OD at one point, which we did not know, but she was worse off on drugs than him at some points.


And she talked about how Cassie talked about how Puff had to call some some local drug dealers and tell them you'll stop serving her. She's doing too much. I'm trying to get her back. Right. But there was a lot of different sexually explicit things that they couldn't even read in the courtroom because it was just different text messages that they would explain. And she had sent the text, you know, saying I'm always down to freak off. She had sent text messages talking about how she wanted to be fucked. But Was that early on versus like, I'm trying to understand the timeline too Things It was different. It was different. 'cause like one text, like the, I'm always down a freak off was 2009 the conversation leading up to the Intercontinental Hotel moment was 2016. There were even moments, you know, after that like, like following that that beating the beating conversation where you know they had exchanged some, you know what I'm saying?


And remember she alleged on the stand the day before her cross-examination that her and Puff had went to dinner and then she, you know, she alleged that he raped her in her apartment. Yeah. But then she went back to see him the following week. Right. So I think that there was gonna be more that the defense brings out as far as like, 'cause they were also painting the timeline of like, so you, you would go do a freak off with Puff and then leave that same day after the freak off and then go to Kid Cudi and then ugh. And then you be in Connecticut with Kid Cudi, break it off with Kid Cudi and then you go right back with Puff or you would be like, they were trying to do that whole thing like, so I know that they're gonna lean into more of her sexual activities because what they're trying to prove is this was consensual. She wasn't forced, she was into it.


Sometimes she was a choreo choreograph for herself. That's what they're gonna lean into. Yikes. And I just, man, when her attorney said, and we have the clip, we can insert the clip. Imagine your man having to find out. 'cause some of the stuff too she might not have remembered. They were so high. Yeah, They were so high. She had to admit on the stand yesterday some stuff from 2017. She said that whole time period is so like, they just were moving and grooving and getting high at that point. Which I will say corroborated the defense that Diddy tried to set for himself of like, yo, I was so high, some of this stuff shouldn't even count. And she said in 2017, a lot of that stuff from that whole year, she can't even remember certain things. They were so high. So Yeah. Well, yeah.


So do you think that she could be charged too? I can like said earlier, Rico charge Emini here. I don't know that I, I don't know that she can or she can't indefinitely to be able to say. I will say I've been asking that question to, you know, some people who would know And I was told that there may have been a conversation with her about immunity from the, with the prosecutors, which would mean she can't be charged. But I don't know that a hundred percent yet. I am trying to figure that out though. I will, I am trying to figure that out. It seem like ain't nothing in The World happening. But did he, I don't know if it's just 'cause I'm in court. Do you feel like, Do you Emini here between, between him and the DDG and Halle and now just Tori Lanes and Megan?


Yeah. It's all court stuff. All craziness. All craziness. Man. Y'all, I want y'all to, y'all have been so interactive with all of my content I am posting. People are like, yo, when are you posting videos for the podcast? I'm like, I've been posting videos almost every single day and then we do a separate audio. So y'all are getting both. So I'm doing it. But I think I'm really, I thank you guys a lot for engaging. Keep tweeting me. Let's talk about it this weekend. I'm gonna be catching up on a lot of like the conversations and the comments and you know, all those things. I, I'm just, I'm so thankful for y'all, my audience here at the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the low riders, y'all be riding for me too. They be trying to get on me about how I said prosecution did their big one. People call me ignorant.


That's how I talk. I don't know what you want me to do. What? Because I'm supposed to be an adult. Who talks better than that? Who knows? I don't know. I don't know what it's given, but it ain't given ignorant over here. Okay. I'm very, very well spoken. Yes. And the prosecution did do their big one period. Well that day. They, they they, the day after that, they, they didn't, it was very little. Anything they did yesterday was little. So yeah, that has been the latest with Lauren La Rosa, y'all, we gonna let Taylor go 'cause it's her birthday and she need to go back to work. Damn. We'll see you guys in the next episode. I tell you every episode, because I really mean it at the end of the day, there is always so much going on and so much to talk about.


Y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you are right here with me every single episode And I appreciate y'all. Let's keep going. Strong little riders. Bring the people on in the community. Okay? Invite your home girl. Invite your bro. Everybody's asking about Diddy and let them know I'm right there. I'm in the courthouse. I can bring y'all all the details right here on the podcast. So invite them. Tell a friend to tell a friend. It's, it's the latest with Lauren, the Rosa. I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.