
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Thursdays on a B, C, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses but lives. New episodes of Extreme Makeover Home Edition. Thursdays at eight seven Central on a, b, c, and Stream. Next day on Hulu.


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive Budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 Hotels. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


Good Morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. It is Monday. That's right now we will be back tomorrow. So we're playing the best donkeys, the best interviews you guys, which is the best callers and some of the BEST MOMENTS The Breakfast Club has had in the last couple of months. So sit back, relax, enjoy, and have fun. Keep a locked Greta's gonna be running the boards. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char, man. Envy. What up? Are we Lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what.


It's we. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina, James From North Carolina. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah. I wanted to ask y'all, did y'all check out that Jamie Fox special on Netflix yet? No, I Haven't seen it. Not, Not yet. Yeah, I meant to watch it last night, but I fell asleep. I'm gonna watch it this week. Oh man. It is awesome. It's awesome, y'all. He takes you on a journey, yo. It, it is more than just a standup comedy show. He, he gives some, so a performance, like a singing and he takes you to church. He, he, you going to cry a little something Emini here? It's, it is off the chain. I keep hearing, I can't wait to see it. Everybody keeps saying that he already got nominated for a Golden Globe, so Yeah.


I can't wait to see it. Yeah, it is. Yeah, it is good. And oh, yeah. And Charlemagne, I wanted to ask you, now that 20th Century Fox is with Disney, do you think we might get that, that that DC versus Marvel Clash? I don't know. I need Marvel to get they act together before that. I'm, I'm not even, to be honest with you, I'm not even interested in that right now. 'cause Marvel has been sucking so bad. Oh, Well they might pick it up. It might pick what, What Emini here. Deadpool and Wolverine was great. But before that, what, what have we gotten good from Marvel? Last thing I remember was the vendors endgame thing. Exactly. God damn. Yes. I like the, I like penguin on, on DC though. I like DC villain stuff.


I never used to like DC but I like, I like when they be in their villain back. Oh yeah. Yeah. They, they, they be rocking that. Yeah. The first Joker thank the two Harley Quinn movies, the Penguin series. Fantastic. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up man? This is Jeremiah. What's up Jeremiah? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey Man, look, me and my wife, we were virgins before we got married. Okay. And I just want to get off my chest that there are a lot of men out here practicing abstinence, celibacy, you know, and men just not out here. Just being whole, like the expectation of this world is, Can I ask you a question, brother? I'm not mad at you 'cause this is the segment of the show, but why did you wake up this morning with this on your chest?


Like now he feels good. Maybe he feels good. He waited until marriage. Well, I honestly been doing ministry since 2017. Oh, you in Min. Okay. So, you Know. Yeah. So, you know, this is like a everyday thing. Like, so if I have a different conversation with somebody, you know what Emini here, someone like, oh, well I never heard of that before. But it, you know, it's a lot of men that really need encouragement and women as well. So How was it, was it worth the wait when you finally had sex? Yes sir. It actually, Yeah. Ministry went out the window. Yes sir. Alright, Well have a good one, Jeremiah. Alright. Thank y'all. I appreciate it. Peace. All right, brother. Hello. Who's this You? What's going on M Babe?


Hey, what's up Trav, Man? Chilling. Chilling. Lauren or Jess? Which one? There? Both of us here, but I'm here right now. What's up Al? What's up j Jessica, you got a problem? You be, you be trying to disappear when I call up now. No I don't. No I don't. What's going on my mind Shar, what's going on in my mind, Peace. What's happening? I'm doing good. How you doing? Listen, real quick. I just wanna talk about if I get in a new relationship, right, this ain't got nothing to do with nothing. When I get in a new relationship, my old man can't come beating up my new man. Y'all my old can't beat up my new Y'all. Is that what happened? That's All, that's all I gotta say. You said, you said is that what Emini here, that that's what happened to somebody ain't you?


You should hope you got the kind of butt people fight old, but you need, if people ain't fighting over your butt, your butt trash. But listen, my old, my old man can't be beating up my new man now. Now I can't be now. I can't be, I can't be with the new man now. I gotta Protect him. Yeah, but you ain't with the new man. 'cause he can fight you with him. 'cause he can fornicate Emini Here. I don't know. That's, I I need my new fight too. I I need him be able to like not get punched out. Mm. I got. I feel you. You Messy trav. I ain't say nothing but all y'all, Goodbye. Goodbye y'all. Hello? Who's this? Hey in Me? Yes sir. Oh damn. Okay. Hold on. Lemme take you off speaker. I ain't think you was going to that side. Oh. Hey, how you doing bro? I, I'm good bro.


How you feeling? I'm cool. I'm cool. I, I appreciate y'all big fan. But can, can I talk to you for a second? Go Ahead. Go ahead. I'm, I'm, I, I got, I want you to reach out to Swift and Tim about verses for me. I got a great idea for it And I just need you to hear me out and if you like the idea, you give them my info and have them hit me up and then I tell them what I told you. They Can hear you. You're talking to 8 million people right now, I'm Sure. Yeah. You say right now they can listen to you. I damn alright. Nobody steal my idea. Versus needs to be just like the NFL or NBA where it's like a league and they need to divide it up into like eastern conference, Western conference, et cetera. And then we go get all of the biggest artists from each city like New York get like a 50 cent and he'll get all of the up and coming artists that want to, but it's gonna be like a battle league.


You know what Emini here and then we separate it not just with artists but athletes as well. So rappers, singers, dancers, boxers and basketball players one on one. We find the best in each city. And then have 'em compete just like the NFL and NBA stuff. Do you know what Emini here, that's how it needs to be. And then we monetize with ticket sales. Have a platform where people subscribe to see the content, et cetera. That's how we're gonna make our money. But that's what verses needs to be. It don't need to just be what they doing now. It needs to be like live battles. People showing up with brand new songs and seeing who the best is. You feel me? I Like that. Yeah. I like the idea. I don't know if I like that for verses though. Emini here, the thing we love about verses is the nostalgia. The thing we love about verses is because they do give flowers to, you know, the OGs and the veterans.


Right? Like that's, we, that's what we like about verses Yeah. We can do both though. Ain't no reason we can't have them both. Yeah, because it's still a verses. Yeah, I get what you're saying. I I do like that. That's what I'm saying. We, yeah, like if y'all, like I said, just if you could put me on hold so I can give you my phone number and then you pass it on to them so I can explain that to them. Man, y'all be the real one. I don I don even know they heard you bro. We'll, I keep on, I keep on freaking my fault. My fault. You're, I appreciate Ja. Yeah, you're talking to 8 million people bro. How they gonna hit me up though? Like how can Swiss and Sam reach out to me though? Oh, we already stole ideas. It don't even matter. Hey yo, I'm just playing. I'm just messing with you. Hold on. I'm gonna have Eddie the producer. Get your email in case they wanna reach out bro.


Wait, Okay. What all Emini here. At least we got the email. They might wanna reach out. You ain't twist Tim. Ain't no suckers like that. They might wanna say, you know what, we did get that idea from him. Or maybe they thought about that idea already. Now it's gonna seem him a little crazy that You, you always say that when you wanna steal somebody. Ideas. Yeah, I always do that. Hell yeah. We been, we been about that last year. Yeah. Hit it off your chest. (800) 585-1051. Call us up now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time To get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed.


Call Up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? This Randy. Randy from Virginia. Randy from 7 5 7. What's up Randy? Nope. What's up with y'all? Good morning Breakfast Club. Good morning, Charlamagne. Peace. Good morning, Jess. Good morning Andy. Good Morning. Good morning. I'm so excited. I listen to y'all every morning. Well Thank you. We appreciate you. Thank you. Well, what I wanted to get off my chest today was, it's nothing bad, nothing bad at all. Just I want people to be mindful of the fact that it is flu season. The fact that it is the season for people to spread illnesses and infections. I'm a nurse here in Virginia And I see a lot of preventable situations in our hospitals that could be prevented by people just washing their hands, keeping their kids home when they're sick.


Just being mindful of the climate and what's going on. People take care of yourself so we can take care of each other. That's all I wanted to say. Well, Randy just is the flu police up here? She's the cold police. If you have, you already know if you have a flu, if you hands are dirty. Nah, she ain't even the fluent cold police. She the sneeze and cough police. Like, like, like people don't be Having allergies. Flu and cold and covid. They are symptoms. So yes, Absolutely. You got a brand new baby. You can't be playing out here at all. Thank You. She quarantining right now with the baby, period. Yes. Now My, Now Randy, let me ask you a question. In your personal opinion, I'm just asking your personal opinion. What, what is your thoughts on the flu shots? 'cause some people say take it, some people say don't. What's your just, what's your personal opinion? Just curious.


Okay. It just totally depends on, a lot of times people don't believe in the flu shots because of religious preference. So I will not touch that at all. Because if that's your religious preference, I totally understand. However, for preventative measures, the flu shot is effective. So as a nurse I do advocate for the flu shot. Absolutely. 100%. Thank you, Randy. Thank You. Y'all have a Good morning. You too too, babe. Hello, who's this? My name is Kim calling from Detroit. What Up do, What's going on man? So I, when I want to get off my chest is, well, I drive trucks and my first time in New York was yesterday. Okay. Why is this so dirty? Man, that's a great question. I'm on the highway trash everywhere.


It's disgusting With all that money we spend in taxes and they now, they wanna charge us. They already charging us for tolls, but wanna charge us for when we get in the city. What's that city thing called? More what we got? Congestion, pricing, congestion. Pricing. I'm with you bro. We should look like Dubai with all the money that we spend in New York. Oh Man. The dirtiest city I've been to so far, man, it insane. Insane. Now New York is definitely dirty and you ain't get to, you ain't get to the city. So you on the attleborough, you in Queens in the Bronx, right? Yeah. Yep. I drove through pretty much through New York. I'm in Baltimore now, but Yeah, it's disgusting. Yeah, so It it is insane, Man. It seems like they don't pick up no trash off the highways. It's just, it's it's nasty. I'm not gonna gonna lie. New York just been surviving off reputation for a long time. I'm be honest with you. Like, I, it, it, it's not, it's not a a fly city.


It's Chicago Looks better than New York. Charlotte looks better than New York. Dallas looks better than New York. Baltimore look better than New York. I don't know about all that. All Chill out. You asked the brother on the phone literally in Baltimore right now as Now we just a little. All right, whatever. I don know about that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. I still love my city ass dirty as it is. Call us up right now if you need to vent The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Greased up like a first damn school black candy and She's back. Miss Pat here, ladies and gentlemen. She didn't even no introduction. She has came here. Finally. Miss Patis here. Good morning. The season four, the Miss Pat show on BET plus.


Welcome. Hey Ms. Pat. Thank you. Thanks Fact keeping the lights on at BET. You hear me? I don't know why y'all keep lying on me. Tyler Perry is over there. I'm just over there sweeping the floor. Oh Yeah, I forget Tyler over. Yeah, I well Tyler and Miss Pat. Well I Just say Miss Pat, see sweeping the flow. But I'm glad to be season four. I'm glad. Absolutely. How you feeling? I'm feeling great. I'm feeling great. I'm just doing TV and, and I'm doing a tour. I'm starting my second theater tour called Hot and Flashy. Why is it flashy? What's the, why is it hot and Flashy? Your busy? Because I'm grown. Because I'm Asking question Ms. Pat, why is it hot and Flashy? Because I'm hot and flashy. Why is you greased up like a condom might go your head walking up here looking like a walking, walking here.


You looking like a, a deal dog. Why are you looking like this? Oh my god. Yeah. You see saying your hair grease up like A used dildo too? Huh? Are you a used I don't do dildos but keep talking. I don't need nothing fake my eyelashes and a wig. What makes this show so successful, Ms. Pat? Because it's truthful. People can relate to it. You know, it's the first time somebody like me ever been on TV to say what real people were thinking. You know, we seen all the moms before who played mama who did great jobs, but you always say, that ain't my mom or that ain't how my aunt talked to me. And I think when they put my big crazy black behind on tv, I was able to, I gave the people a voice that never had a voice on TV before.


So that's all. And that, and people come up and tell me all the time, the thing that we dig into, you know, we dig into child molestation, abortion, convicted felon, everything that real people go through in life or know somebody who went through in life. So I think that's why people love the show. But it's a comedy. It is a, don't you laugh but you probably don't watch it. Yeah. What you mean? I do watch Pet Because I ain't sit here and tell y'all read your book so don't lie to me. I read your book too though. I Ain't read, I read my own book one time 'cause they paid me, them people dogged my behind. Oh you read slow. I was getting paid hourly So I was not in hour.


Was going to take all the time I needed do read Hey them do and a's and and It's your words Ms. Pat And I don't care. I was getting paid by the hour. I'll take my time. At that time, that was the most I ever got paid by the hour. So you thought I was gonna read that thing fast. I didn't even rehearse. And you, I rehearsed to make sure I pronounce the words right. I said, what you pay me I oh they gonna be a long Week. Yep. So the fact that you visit all of those traumas on your show, has it ever been anything like that's been very emotional for you to film everything? It is very emotional. Dealing with Jordan E. Cooper. The first season we was gonna do a episode about my mama boyfriend touching us and my mama just turning away like, 'cause you know, predators come in and, and they groom the family.


You know, they come in, they, they see what type of needs you got and what we needed. We needed a father figure. We need somebody to help us grocery rent. And that predator came in and he did what he wanted to do with my sister and me. And when I got, when we told our mom, she just looked the other way. So Jordan, we wrote a whole episode in the first season and this is my first time ever being on tv. I'm like, oh, I don't think I'm ready to visit that. So we visited the second season, which broke me all the way down because I was already dealing with a lot of trauma from my kids father who I was 12, he was 22 married, shot me. So we was deal, we was telling all those stories. Didn't you want me to tell the child molestation story on top of it? I was like, we gotta back some of this up before I have to go to council.


So we took that out. We did it in the second season season. Which, which, which was great. Jordan Said There's a healing that happens this season. What do you mean by that? Ah, he said there's a healing. That exact quote, there's a healing that's going on in front of the lens. It was, I dealt with my mom because my mom used to say really bad things to me. You know, I'm lighter skinned, my sister's darker skinned. But to me, my sister always been way more cuter than I was. My sister had long, curly hair. She was just beautiful. She on crack now, but Jesus Christ that cracked on her ass out. She was beautiful. Had a long, nice hair crack. She on crack now. She ain't too bad now, ain't I that Pretty bad?


I So Jesus. So my mama used to say ugly things to me. 'cause I, I had acne really bad and she would always talk about how ugly my skin was. And, and I'm 52 And I still can hear my mom and my, my mind saying bad things to me. So I think that's one of the reason why I worked so hard in life is because the things that my mama said to me. So we did a whole episode where my mom come back as a ghost and she, and she, what she put on me, she want me to put on my kids because her mom put on her. So there in the, in the episode you see me break a generation of curse and at the end I broke down And I remember fighting And I said, Jordan, don't push me down.


And at the end I just broke down crying And I just, just remember saying, I hate this Damn. All of that came back up. All Of that because you know, I never went to counseling And I been through some stuff so to deal with what I've been through, you know, And I told somebody this the other day. I said my mom, my sister dealt with what we went through doing drugs and alcohol. I dealt it by just shutting the door on it. Well if you shut that door on it one day, that door gonna open back up. Yeah. And all what you had behind that door is gonna eventually flow out. So when I got to Miss Pat show and started telling Joy in my life, he just keep bringing all of this stuff out. But it is a healing because it's stuff I never talked about. Oh. I never really dealt with. So I think I healed along with the audience.


We think it was other ways that you, like you coped. Like I know you said your sister did drugs. Did you do anything else? Like Yeah, I Ate, look at me. Chick-fil-A, he was waiting on me to say I was fat. He knew that wasn't every time I come here, That was not listen to me. I'm lose No way. I'm gonna come here next time fat And next time fat. When you come to my, I'm gonna be fat. No it's not. That is not true. Yeah. I ain't, I tried on zipping It gave me goldstone. Damn. When did you find it? Feel it comfortable where you could talk about all these stories? Because some of these stories you'd be like, damn. Yeah, you don't know if you wanna laugh with you or you, you just wanna cry. Just be sad the whole Episode. You know, I do it like my comedy. I'm just a open book. I'm not ashamed of nothing. I talk, I, I been through, you know I was on stage last week Emini here the other night And I was like, oh yeah, I had crabs gonna wr fleas everybody like what?


And so I was talking about the whole thing about young girls shaving their vagina. Well I'm 52, your momma and me, we didn't shave our vagina. No, that's true. Unless we had crabs of gunna rip. She Said no, that's true. I was born in 1978. I I the first 0.0 I saw had Bush. Yes, the Playboy magazine had bushes in and they Only shaved them if they had crabs. But nowadays everybody just walking around with a bird vagina. So I don't get it. Just a bird vagina. Just a bald head. It look like a bird. Mine look like a beep if I, I haven't seen it 'cause I got a flap in the front Yo. When I put a mirror down there and it don't fog up, it look like a little Bird. Oh my Goodness.


So I don't do that. All right. We got more with Ms. Pat when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Miss Pat. The Miss Pat show. Season four is out right now. Charlamagne is is it true that you never wanted to be famous because, 'cause your mom used to always tell you that you wasn't gonna be Yeah, it was, fame was something, And I don't consider myself famous now I consider myself with a lot of jobs. Mm. Because you know, I don it's just, it's the way my mama beat me down. She always said I wasn't good enough. She always said I wasn't so in my head.


I never saw myself like other people. And, and my husband told me, he said, that's why you don't wanna do a lot of things because I was scared to get out there. I wanted to make the money but I didn't wanna be up front. And then when I got this TV show, it really put me out there and it, I ain't even know I was shy. Like if you wanna take a picture with me, I'd do it. But then I'd be like, why? I used to always ask myself why and people would come up to me and be like, oh Miss pay you so great, you telling my story? And I'm like, no, I'm telling my story. So if fame is something I had to get used to, like I don't go to the black Walmarts 'cause they won't leave me to on. So I try to go way out in the white neighborhood. 'cause white people, they treat Fame devil. What's up Ms. Pat?


Black people. Oh. Shaking on you. Pulling on your wig. Go get your hands on me. Ain't nobody shaking you. Your And I Just say ain't nobody, Ain't nobody you think ain't Shakeable. I ain't gonna keep taking, I ain't gonna take Two many of these Little big at you. You it exactly. I I smelled I'm gonna take one of my boos out and drop 'em on your head and break your damn Neck. What's Wrong with it man? V Oh man you go to me old Omar. That's what I'm glad when you come up here, listen you ain just got my back. I love it. How will do at BETI Love BET. I do. I really do. I'm being honest.


I, you know what? And lemme Just say that this is our best season ever. I don't know why we, why it took four season to really get in for black people and other people to really get on it. This is our most wash season ever. Wow. Congrats. We kicked nothing but, but You dunk it out a lot though yourself though. Like you have done what you had to do. Like most of the time where I see you or I run into you or if I see you on the red carpet or even if you hit me in the D, this is not because BET said it, you do it. Yeah. Yeah. When you see me doing certain things, a lot of it it's time. It's just, it is me outta my pocket. Yeah. I don't, I didn't wait to BET get me on late. I hire me a PR person late. I didn't even want me, same thing with you guys. First time I asked to come over here, the note back was she ain't famous enough.


Who is she? Who said that? Shut your ass up. You said that. That I ain't said that. And then I run into him at a Lee Daniel party and, and Lee Daniel introduce her at a Diddy party. Oh Diddy. Oh I Did party. I did Party. Yeah. He been to a Diddy party. Ain't never been to no Diddy party ever in my life. Why is everybody denying Diddy parties Diddy Piece of the planet


Charlemagne tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters. Making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


With the best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to re you Ne Grill. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The following is a high five moment from high five Casino dot com. I won no Boo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army Sarge High five Casino is a social Casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. I win Free spins, cash, prizes, free down rewards over 1200 games I won Again. Platoon Present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win it High five Casino. Come and download the High Five app. High five Casino Social Casino High Five Casino


threw nice parties. I never win that don't mean you got taken in a room. That don't mean somebody touch you that just mean you was at a Diddy party. Emini here everybody act like if you go to a Diddy party, you had to do something to did it to be at the party. I never went. I don't know. But you probably did go. But don't deny now. I never been to a Diddy party. You never got invited to. You. Look like you went to, you don't invite me. No way. You, you over there grease though. Didn't know I'm a tell my ass and not tell. Yeah. I think you would let my ass not tell then. That is not funny episode on that.


What did you have to do to keep that Wendy Williams job? I've heard a few things plastic since you wanna keep digging at me. What you had to do is keep that because that what, that's what popped Charlemagne in The World. That's, that is true. So you Emini here wasn't a Diddy party, but tell us what you did. You had to take one for the team. I'm tell your wife this gonna get us off Medicaid baby. This gonna get us off Medicaid. Yo. Look at him laughing.


Oh my God. You know I'm telling the truth. Then all of a sudden she let you go. She let you go and every save you no more plastic to pick you. The reason why she got dementia, man, cut it down. You had to forget. What is It? What man that is funny as shit did start claiming dementia. Yo. Huh? What what if did he start claiming he battled? That might be the way He battled because He looked but nobody ever said Ms. Pat wasn't famous to come up here. Nobody said that. Yes you did.


Yes. You y'all, because I asked, I asked did the answer was no, I I saw you at that Lee Daniel thing. Yep. And Lee Daniel introduced you like, yeah, come on the show. And I'm like, And I, my my, my thing was, I, because y'all didn't know me, y'all wasn't really familiar. And I said I'm gonna walk you here. I read Rabbit. You read Rabbit after we sent it to you after you let me know. Yes. So at, I had, all I had was a book. I really didn't have no show or anything. And I said you ain't gonna never forget me because I was mad. 'cause I tried several times to get on here. I'm glad I'm on here now. But the publishers will lie and say that though. The publisher, if they do reach out, I ain't have no publicist. At the time I couldn't afford. Now all I have, you know what, who They was talking to. I don't know who they was back then. Yeah. Nobody said that though. Well, we love you Miss Pat And I love You and you know, how can you not love Ms.


Pat? We support You for anything that you do. We support you. We appreciate you. I don love you Miss Pat. I what you have. We love you Miss Pat. You know what he do? He he will text back. He used to then text back. I I thank y'all. I thank Your audience man that is gonna be, that headline gonna be so funny. Miss Pat accuses Wendy Williams of what? I Oh Man. Lord, take that back. Don't put that out there. I voluntarily He wanted it. Yeah. That was his first radio job. No it wasn't. Yes it was. No I did, I worked in South Carolina. Yeah. That don't count. And I about, listen shit. South Carolina Station. I was on four stations in South Carolina.


Boy please. The rats in New York was more famous than you had to do what you had to do. And Big Foot was your thing. We have, I ain't never had to do none of that. Oh my God. That woman is sick. Ms. Pat. I know of you. She she erase the old memory. Yeah, that's right. Y'all gonna get in trouble Ladies and Miss Pat season Miss Pat Show on BET Plus, check it out and again Miss Pat, we love you. Thank you. Well it's The Breakfast Club is Miss Pat.


Ladies and gentlemen. Morning Everybody. It's DNB Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want all our ladies to call. And we're asking what's the biggest lie you told A man? Lemme tell you something, man. Being A-A-A-A-A-A brother and a and a niece, you know, to hear these women and the lies that they be telling, Taylor came in here just now, just told another lie for no reason. She said what you should have told 'em is you're the only man I'm talking to. That's a good one too though. Do What I'm saying. How you Blowing tail up? You know, tiller just use that lie. And what you mean being a brother and a niece? What? Huh? You said being a brother and a niece. Oh, I meant to say being a brother and a uncle. Brother. And What you gotta tell us what was going on, Brother and a niece, Lord Jesus.


Taylor. Taylor. Tell him to lie. You told about the orgasms don't act like you wasn't in there. Y y'all thought I wasn't listening. Lying. I ain't never this though. You Just be like, oh my God. You mean Times? Why would you lie like that? Yeah. I ain't never tell a lie. Like that Wife lied to me like that too in that day. Oh my God. Early on in our relationship. You ever heard this story, Jess? No, I never did. Oh, Go ahead. N you like to repeat this on? Go ahead. Huh? Tell him this story again. Huh? 25 years. She ain't Was no damn truth. Oh my God. Wasn't 25 years in the beginning of our relationship. I could not make my wife orgasm through penetration. Just through the mouth. Oh my God. And she would lie and say she was having an orgasm. How long? It wasn't that long. You Said it was a decade and She it was close to, it was, it was a long time, but it, but I was her first, so Okay.


We, we reached each other first. So we didn't know what we were doing. We were exploring each other's bodies. So I didn't know. And one day in the argument she told me, What is the point of women lying about that though? Because how can I get better and give you what you need if you don't tell me? Well, you know, A lot of times the woman just likes to make the guy, you know, ple feel good and you like to please the guy. Honestly, we be so scared to hurt y'all feelings because y'all like bitches. So a lot of times, you know No it's true. It's, it's, We really do not like a man's feelings is hurt way more Emini here way quicker than a woman's sensitive, you know, it's just that we, we show it more. But y'all that, that could hurt y'all. Like, you know. And I know that hurt envy when his wife said that in an argument. It did. It's like, damn yo. So you've been faking it all this time.


You know what Emini here it did. But It, so yeah, it made the relationship stronger. 'cause now you can figure out what Exactly what, What, what she likes, what she doesn't like and whatever. Because I, you know, like I said, yeah I learned sex watching porn and you just go and bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. And you realize And that's what you think is how it is. So yeah. Especially depending on what kind of porn he was watching. Yeah. What kind of porn you watch. But her feelings, let's Go to the fold live. What Her feelings she did, she didn't wanna hurt his feelings. Yeah. And that's mostly what it is. But I've never lied about that. 'cause I needs mine. That's What I'm saying. Hello. Who's this? This is Shaa. Good morning. Cherita. What's the biggest liar you told? Cherita? Good morning. Liar. Damn. Damn. I'm a Scorpio. Of course I lied. Oh my God.


Absolutely. So I lied to my parents. I met a guy on the chat line with my cousins and my friends. And then I lied to my parents and told him I met him at like a honors program and that I really liked him and he was a nice guy. I was 15. I told him I was 17. And I told my parents, my cousins, my aunts, all my friends. Everybody like, we gotta stick with the story. 'cause I love him. Now how old was this man? He was 43. 18 turning 19. Do you know you coulda got that man locked up? Mm. That's a charge. 19. That's why I told My parents told you. That's why I told my parents. But did he know you was 15 Emini here? He found out when my little niece, that was six.


Hold on Me now. Come on now. Jesus. You could have got this man locked up. You could have got this man locked up being 19. I understand that. But I covered my faces. I went to my parents. I explained the situation. And Your parents lied. Eva? She said she told her aunts, everybody, look, I, you know, that's Everybody. I had a whole family meeting like I love him And I gotta tell him myself. And my parents was like, all right, we trust you. And they met him and they met his parents and eventually he found out and you know, Emini here, he was a little mad, but it was kind of after the fact. So Because he was already in love with your little As, this is not normal. No, that's not normal. All Be arrested. Not the fact of his parents.


Her and her family. And what happened with the guy where he at now? Oh, she's off the Line. He's crying. Hung in jail. Ca Cassie. What you say? Hey, how you pronounce your name? Cassie. Hey Cassie. Hey girl. Now what's the biggest lie you told Somebody Don't told name. Okay. The biggest lie is on first. Hey y'all. Good morning again. Hey Girl. Hey y'all. What's up? All right. My biggest lie back in the day, I don't know if y'all remember like the loop, the raven, it was like a phone call type thing you could call and it was like a dating thing, but it was like over the phone. So I probably was like 15 years old. I'm lying. And I told this boy that I was in Sierra Music video. I was one of her backup dancer to promise mind you, I I'm 15, I'm a short little fat little church girl.


I'm telling him I'm a little backup dancer Sierra video. And I know how to do the microphone pole trick. I could dance on the pole. Mm. And he went with it. He telling all his friends about it. He went with it. So you told him you was a little big backup dancer? He a Big backup. Big back backup dancer. My gosh. He Was with me. He was, I was a big back. I was a big, big back backup dancer. And he went with it and he was, and we was talking for like a good two years. I'm telling him I'm on the road, I'm doing different video shoots. I'm like, you gotta zoom in. I'm on the left. I'm on the left. Boy women, I, how old was the man? He probably was about 19, 20 at the time.


We still friends to this day. But he, you know, Why do y'all Wait, wait, but but hell on. What? Hell what? You still know. Hell know this part. Hell know this part. He Knew you were 15. No, he didn't know none of that at the time. I was fine. Well Y'all get, y'all gonna get these men locked up man. Ca Alright. Alright. What size, what, what, what, what size you is now? Oh boy. Ah, why? You know, all of that. I'm working On it. Is the back, is the back big or not The back? Slim down the back. Slim down. So What's the medium? She's un she's big in her back. Ca you know, you know when you young you just go to that opposite. But I'm grown now. Okay. That's what's up girl. Thank you Mama. Hello.


Who's this? I don't wanna say. Oh boy. All right. What happened? What's the biggest lie? So I lied about the last time I had sex. Say it again. I lied about the last time I had sex. You lied about the last time she had sex. Okay. What did you tell him and what was the last time? So I was pursuing this new guy but I was still messing with my ex. And so when it came time to like move to the next step, you know, I was like, oh, you know, I've been saving myself. I haven't had sex in like a year, but in reality I was still messing with my ex. So, you know, I felt bad, but yeah, that's what I lied about. That's The biggest Lie. That's the biggest lie. Yeah.


I, I ain't bad girl. I was raised say actually you're a great person. You make, she puts me shame. No question. Lemme ask you a question. You, you hung up on. Hung up on. I'm sorry. I'm hanging up on people so fast. Too slow. What your, what Is race? Hey. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Monique from Jersey. Hey Monique. Hey Monique. What's The biggest lie you done told? It's pretty simple. But when I was younger and said I was pregnant so I could hear abortion money, First of all, I don't like how you Just say that. Like that's just a nonchalant lie. Like every woman says once in a while. Okay. What, why, what? She was pregnant. Abortion money. Get some abortion money, right? Yes. That is the lie. Who you talking about? I, yeah. The other with the other way around is worse. When you really pregnant, you tell a nigga you got an abortion. That's horrible 'cause that's a new life.


But when you not pregnant, I'm pregnant. Just throw me 500 thank you. Up. We lost that. Like, you know what I'm saying? That was a lie growing up in the urban community. Why not just, you took me for the money. You, you already giving me PP boom. You're giving me Nah, because think about it. You Say an abortion, most dudes gonna be Like, they gonna come up with that money regardless if you just ask somebody for 500 to get some in hand, they'd be like, nah, b nah. Abortion is motivation money for No, no, no, no. How many Times did you do it Monique? I just did it once and it was because he was shooting. So I knew he was gonna look up anyway. But I tried to get some money as a part of this Jesus hold. You said you knew he was doing what? She knew He was, he was cheating. Oh, got you.


Got you, got you. Well Look, I was with you before at one time. I But you different now, right? Oh definitely. I'm way older now, Girl. Yes. The more power to you. 'cause I was right on that same road with you. When The hell abortion started calling $500. They Been $5 for the last what, five, six years? They, yeah. Damn. Definitely it's d and then each one is different. You get, you know, you got the pill one, you got the vacuum and then it's like another, it is three different types of them. Really. Absolutely. Not that I've had them all, but I know because I drop off a couple bitches at, at the clinic before my friends. My friends. Yeah, My friends, my friends. What's the moral of this story? Women be lying. Don't lie. I don't, don't lie. You know, I don't know.


I can't even say don't lie. 'cause everybody lie when they young just grow up and then look back and be like, sorry. That's it. Alright. That's it. This is The Breakfast Club. Bought it. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Jess on maternity leave so long. La Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the Building. You about to mess up so many people heads 'cause they gonna be in they car. Like, am I listening to the right station? We got the brother Rickey Smiley here. Welcome brother, Man. Thank you for having me man. How you feeling man? I'm feeling good man. It's a dream to be here. Stop it. I bro I lay in the bed And I sit here And I just scroll and watch all y'all videos. I've been a fan for years.


I, I I, hold on, I, I wanna say something before we get started with the conversation, man. I saw Rickey a couple weeks ago. I saw him in New Orleans Yeah. At the Inspire Nola event. Yep. And I went up to him And I said something that I'm gonna say now. I wanna, I wanna publicly apologize. I was just about to ask that to, to Rickey Smiley because several years ago I gave Rickey Smiley Donkey of today because a a a radio executive asked me to. Yeah. And you didn't deserve that brother. Thank you. And so I told, when I saw you, I I I told you that, you know, And I wanted to Just say that again publicly because I feel like if you, if you do something to somebody publicly Absolutely. That you don't agree with, you should publicly apologize for it. So I want to, I wanna say that to everybody. All I listen listeners, I want, I want them to hear me say that you didn't deserve that. And I, I wanna apologize to you again.


I I I appreciate that man. The, the, the, the first time when, when you walked up on me, man, your energy man. The love and the respect. It, it takes a, you know, a a big person. And I, I knew that it was all part of the game because we have a mutual, one of your employees is one of my mentees who? Big Mac. Mac. Mac. Oh yeah, yeah. Mac Max saw us as an intern. Oh yeah. Yeah. He still us as an intern and, and got to where he is. Well I put him on stage. I'm the first one to put him on stage. That's dope. We'll talk about that because I put a lot of him on stage. Yeah. He gave a lot of comics there start. But I really appreciate that man. And, and don't feel no kind of way about it. I didn't take it personally, but, you know, it takes a special kind of person to, to apologize and, and stuff like that.


And I thought nothing of it because if I thought anything bad I wouldn't even be here. Alright. You know what I'm saying? But I absolutely, I love you. I appreciate you man. I think you doing a fabulous job. I met you at the White House. Yep. You, We see each other on the road every once in a while. I see you on the road as well. Always Running into you. And it's a pleasure meeting you. That's nice to be there. That's right. Well you got a new book out right now? Yes sir. Side show. Yes sir. Side show. Now talk about what, what's, what's, what's side show about, You know, the song. Everybody apparently let the side show begin. That's right. Hurry her. It's about a sad clown. Right. My job as a professional comedian is to go on stage and make people laugh. And I lost my son about a year and a half ago. It's been hard because the bills don't stop coming. I'm still a performer. Right. I still have to go on stage And I had to, to dig deep and get in some real deep therapy to get myself together so I can continue as a performer.


'cause if I worked at, you know, Amazon lifting boxes or, or delivering packages, that's one thing. But when your job is to make people laugh when you're crying on the inside with the trauma that I experience, that's what the song sideshow talk about. See the man with a broken heart. You can see that he is sad. It hurts so bad. See the girl who collect broken hearts at souvenir, it's, it's all about a clown in a circus performing, but dealing with stuff on the inside. I've watched you grieve out loud online. And the only reason I don't, I don I I don't like that It has nothing to do with how you feel. Yeah. I know how people react. Yeah. And when you already dealing with something, when you already dealing with trauma and then you give it to people online, then they come at you.


How does that, how do you deal with that? Oh no. It, it didn't bother me. Charlamagne. My job was, I had to help other people because the reason I was open with it is a lot of mothers out there that lost their 18-year-old. Mm. 17-year-old, 16-year-old, 15 year. My son was 32. Mm. I had a couple that, that lost their 2-year-old. Right. Wow. And these are, that's some of the things that I talk about in the book. It gives you glimmers of hope and the glimmers of inspiration even during our traumatic times. So my son was 32, well this couple sitting out here crying at my book sign, their son was only two. Wow. And I could have lost my son at two, but God allowed me to have 32 years. So you get a little gratitude from that.


And it's crazy that you can get gratitude from something like that. Yeah. You know, and you start looking at, it's a helpful too, the book is a helpful tool for people that's going through the grief process because there's a lot of people out there and my book signing has been packed with people that have lost their kids. How Do you still believe, right? You talk about losing your father at the age of six, right? And then you lose your, your son. How do you just not say, you know what? There is no higher power. How do you still remain focused and still have believe and still have hope, and still have all of that with going through the pain that you've gone through? You know, I grew up in Birmingham, man. So, you know, I got that old Southern Christian background. That's right. I went to Sunday school every Sunday. So I just have some, some strong beliefs and a close relationship with God because it was nothing in nobody to lean on.


I was in an apartment in Dallas, Texas by myself, you know, when I found out that my son passed And I had a hour and a half, I had a hour to make it to the airport. Mm. And I'm packing a bag and on the phone with my other kids, let, letting them know what happened. Wow. And trying to get myself together and preparing myself to lead because my family needed me. I, you know, it didn't really hit me until a year later. Right. But at that time, my son has a mother and a, a wonderful stepfather. So I had to protect them. I had to protect my mother, who was really close to my son because my mother, you know, recovering addict, my mother had 35 years clean.


Had to protect her because they had a real special relationship because she could identify with a struggle. Then I had to protect my other kids. I had two kids in college getting ready to graduate college. You know, my daughter that got shot, she was a senior in college, getting ready to graduate from Baylor. And then I had my son graduate in Alabama State and then my oldest daughter. So just trying to get them and being calm. Say, Hey, here's what happened. Or Brandon didn't make it, I need you to meet me at the house immediately. Just real calm. I need you to text me, let me know that you're on your way. Text me when you just, all of that. I had to be calm. I had to be cool. I had to get in the car with my uncles who was crying.


I had to turn the radio on r and b station. I had to turn on Frankie Beverly and Mays and go from the airport to house. I'm comforting them. Right. Because it reminded them of my dad's death. So I'm just a child man that sat on the front row and watched my grandparents go through what they went through and through my grandfather, I learned how to handle this situation because that's how my grandfather handled it as well. Losing somebody, especially someone so close your son can it, it changes you. Did you ever, at first when you were trying to get to that, like, I Emini here, I guess I get through it, I don't know if you ever get through it. Were you, were you afraid that when you got back on stage that first time, that like you just, it wouldn't be the same, like your ability to kind of push through and Nah. Make people laugh, wouldn't be the same?


Nah. You know, one thing about funny, it don't change. That's right. Yeah. You, when you find Something to laugh at, especially in trauma. Yeah. When your ass hit that stage, man, them jokes come. Them jokes. Like when you get somebody on the front row laughing. My first show was in Cleveland at the Harris Casino, And I cried from the hotel all the way to the venue all the way backstage. Blew my nose, did like that. Made sure my nose was clean and walked on stage and got them jokes and cried after I got off stage. And you know, I was calm, but I've been in therapy. I was getting therapy twice a week. So I was prepared to go on stage again. My son died on a Sunday. That Wednesday I was back on the radio and they said, take as much time as you need. Well, either you lay in the bed and think about all of that, or you get your ass up and go do your morning show and go do your radio show.


Because all the mothers in Chicago and in Columbia and in Charleston and in Atlanta all over the country, their kids died. Too much is given much is required. You can't cancel the show. God put you in this position and put you in a leadership position. You have to lead. And I still went to the Salvation Army like I do on a regular basis. I fed the homeless with my son clothes in the car to go to the funeral home. That was a dark Wednesday. Wow. Wow. I, I'll never forget, you have to do it all of this stuff. And I don't want you to ever forget this. All of this stuff, envy is a test. It's a test. Our pastor's been teaching us that for years. God is watching you through your struggles, through your trials and tribulations and looking at you, seeing how you're gonna handle this.


Are you gonna make it about you? Are you going to use this situation to help other people? But I was still smart enough to go ahead and get the help that I needed in the process because I had to get therapy because this trauma is a bad car accident. All we got more with Rickey Smiley when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rickey. Smiley. Charlemagne. How has it been like, you know, 'cause when you write these books, you put a lot of, you know, you put your most vulnerable, deepest thoughts into these books and you gotta go out here and do this. Yep. You gotta have these conversations. Yeah. How has, how's that been for you? I've gotten used to it.


Okay. You know, once you know how it is, once you do one interview, you do another interview, you keep doing interviews, you just get accustomed to talking about it. And then you develop some really good talking points that's gonna help other people. Because what people have been telling me is the feedback that I've been getting is, Hey bro, it's been helping me out. You know how many people walked up to me and said that they lost a loved one and they can't talk about it. And just because they hear you on the radio every morning, now they're coming out to your book sign. I have people walking up crying. Almost 90% of the people that come out about a book have suffered a loss and can't talk about it and do not go to therapy. So I've been promoting therapy because when you roll your ankle, you don't pull out a bible.


You go to the doctor. Go to the doctor. That's right. Absolutely. The muscle, the brain is a muscle just like your ankle. Why is it that we black folks as a, as a stigma that we won't go get help? That don't mean that you crazy. You have to get somebody and talk to somebody that's gonna help you process those feelings and emotions. Because you can go into depression, start affecting other organs in the body. Some people don't make it from their loss. They die. You know, so, Well, a lot of times people, you know, we, we've been taught as kids, you keep how the home business in the house. Right. You never really talk about what happens in inside your house. Like you said, that winds up killing you. Absolutely. That depression, that anxiety, all those facts, all those feelings. Every Time you cry, inmy, do you know, that's like popping the cap off of a pressure cooker.


You release him. Yeah. I cried this morning. Yeah, man. I sat on, I sat on the side of my hotel bed, I was having some anxiety. I called a good friend of mine, she answered the phone And I heard her voice. I just started crying, bro. I just, I just let it out. I just cried. I just needed to just cry. It was, I, I felt it building up yesterday And I just started crying. And the changing of the season, you know, that, that affects you. You know? Do you ever think About just giving away, just stopping, you know, like, I don't wanna do this anymore. Was that ever ama? No. No, man, we, we got to save people, man. Listen, some have to die so others can live. Mm. You understand. You know, no cross, no crown, bro. We have to go through what we have to go through and we have to talk about it.


And I'm just trying to break the generational curse of number one, not talking about it, not going and getting therapy and getting help and to talk about drug addiction. I had a son and a nephew, age 32, and a niece. I had a niece, a son, a nephew, all died of age 32 within two years of each other. Can you talk a little bit about that? Like just in real time when they were here dealing with the addiction and trying to help them through it and like also wanting them to get better, but addiction, understanding that like, it kind of takes over where it's not, it's not even just them anymore. Like it's kind of Yeah, it's a big Beast. Yeah. The only thing I regret, I didn't have a good understanding of the illness. Mm. Because I had a, a niece and a nephew that was cool and calm and respectful.


Would it didn't affect my son that way. You know, my son would, would go off about stuff, you know, and it, it damaged our relationship or whatever. 'cause I didn't understand like, oh, I'm your dad. You can't say that to me. You know, I'm driving around looking for you to fight you in the middle of the street. You know, I raised you, I cooked food for you, you know, I'm saying I wash your clothes, you slept in the bed with me when it was thunder. Like, don't say that to me. You know? So I just didn't have a, a clear understanding of that. But I did everything I could to to, to save to save this life. Would you Do anything different as a, as a dad during any of those times? And the reason I'm asking, you know, before I have sick, so I like To That's, that's a good question. I wasn't tough on him.


He was the one that I caught him. I was tough on my other kids. Like, I like the other kids was like, I was just really, really, really, really tough on them. And he was the one that I just kind of coddled and did everything for and took it because that's my first born. I just wish that I was tougher. I know that sounds strange because it sounds like I should say I should have been easier on him. I was easy on him. I should have been tougher on him like I was the other kids. And chapter 12 of your book, it's Let the tears fall. You said that it took you a year to, for, for all of this to really like, hit you. Yeah. What was that day like when you were like, Hmm, I'm feeling it like that first time where it was Like, man, that, that one year anniversary, a few days before that one year anniversary, man, it hit me like he had just died.


I had just got off the air. I was down in south Florida because I didn't want to be in the house for that one year anniversary. I just wanted to go get away and man, it hit me man. And I was, I did some crying And I, I think it was a bad mistake for me to be there by myself, but I just kind of sat on a couch and just cried pretty much for a couple of days. Like, like really cried because the only difference was I didn't have a casket and some flowers and some condolences. I had all of that to keep me distracted when it actually happened. I had to protect everybody. But that one year came in and it was like, it was terrible. What About the chapter when addiction chases the bloodline? Was that difficult to write? 'cause you know, you gotta go through your whole generational lineage.


Yeah. With that, was that a difficult chapter to Write? No, it wouldn't. It was just be being open and honest. My dad struggled. My mom struggled. I had wonderful grandparents. My granddad talked to me every day. Church, Sunday school, you know, Hey, here's a trumpet play that, here's some piano lessons. Let's go do that. I did trumpet, little league football did it all my grandparents kept me busy with the discipline and instruction, talked to me every day. So I didn't have to, I didn't have those issues. And then he always talked about how my dad died. So don't do this. So I, I just stuck with it. And to this day, I don't drink or smoke. I always Wonder how grief impacts people who lost their parents at a very, very, very young age. Does it hit you later in life?


Do you see somebody out with their parents and, and, and it hit you? Like, what is it It did when I was, when I was a kid. But what hurt me about my dad's death was watching my grandparents cry like that on the front row. I'm in therapy for that. That comes up in therapy. That, that wipes me out. Wow. That wipes me out more than my son's death. Why? I'm a grandmama's baby. Like you understand. You from the south watching my grandparents cry like that on their front row, man, I I I can't get over it. Yeah. Even when my grandparents died, the only thing I I could think about their casket was in the same spot my dad's casket was. The only thing I could think about was them crying on, on that front row April the 11th, 1974. Wow. I will never forget it, man. It, it, it, it just, it tells my soul outta my body.


I can deal with my son's death. But that's, that's what I struggle with more than anything. Wow. And that's why I didn't cry at my son's funeral because my granddaughter was watching me And I Don't you didn't wanna traumatize her like thatt her like that. Yeah. Dang boy. Yeah. She cry sitting up here talking about this to all start crying because I'm feeling I Well, let's talk about something else for a second. You put on a lot of comedians, Ricky, And I think that coming from the south, right? I don't think people realize how big you are sometimes. Like this, you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't think they realize how, how much money you got, number one. But also I wish how rich you are and just how big you are. And I, And I think it's, it is a, it's almost a stigma with comedians from the south. Like they don't get to respect that they deserve. I think I just do it for the love of the art Charlamagne envy.


I remember cussing d Ray Davis out snatching a drink outta his hand because he was too young to be drinking. Hey, gimme that. You know, I had a little comedy club back in Birmingham Coffee the ton. So I would have like D Ray Corey Holcomb, Corey Holcomb was like, Hey man, I ain't never been outside of Chicago. I was like, okay, cool, let's go on the road. You know, I would take those guys on the road, Corey Holcomb, d Ray Davis, a lot of them man, that, that Tyler, some of them have passed away. You know, I would just take 'em on the road and help him because that's what Steve did for me. You know, nobody have to, don't nobody have to fool you. You know what I'm saying? Some people can just ignore you. Steve was one of those guys, man that was helping in training company that I started November the 13th, 1989.


Wow. Wow. That's the first time I went on stage. I met Steve before he did Showtime at the Apollo. Steve's ano anointed man. Oh my God. I don't care what nobody says.


You Know, the new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


With the best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Oasis Hotels and resorts. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The Following is a High five movement from high five Casino dot com. I won Boo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SAR High five Casino is a social Casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go by. Win free spins, cash prizes, free down the rewards. Over 1200 games I want. Again, platoon present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five Casino dot com and download the High Five app, high five Casino Social Casino, no person conditions. Tail High five. Casino play after the show.


He said follow. He said follow this car right here. I followed him back to his hotel room. I sat on the edge of the bed and took a little notepad and a pencil and he lectured me for about two hours. But that was something that was life changing. All Right, well old Move. Got more with Rickey Smiley, when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve and d Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren, the Rosa is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking in with Rickey Smiley Lauren. Now you were talking about Steve Harvey and how he gave you opportunities. I wanna know who do you do that for? That Emini here. 'cause you talk a lot about people that you mentor and that you help, but like who's somebody that you do that for that like we might not know about that might have started in your clubs or just unknown and now is like taking over comedy wise.


Oh man, Lil Duval was somebody that I, that I have a real good relationship with that I was doing some, you know, mentorship because remember I was the host of Coming View in 2000. That's right. So you was a lot of people mentored just by being on that show, right? Yeah. Right. That's what, that's what 85 South Show said 85 South. They told me I saw that. I'm tripping like, like Carlos Miller was like, oh, bru, I I met you when I was 14 years old. You was in a hotel. I got excited. I'm hearing these stories and stuff, man. Not realizing the impact on comedy. 'cause I'm on BET Monday through Saturday. Right? Like when, when Comic View really blew up. It was in Atlanta. And then I hosted again Charlemagne in 2004. And then the year after 2000, 2001, I had my own little TV show.


The way we do it. That was first time, you know? And I was doing all these characters and all these voices and, and, and all this kind of stuff. So when comics needed help and needed mentorship, I would always, you know, Hey dress nice, Hey stop cursing. Does that curse word make that joke funny or are you cursing just to be cursing? That's a real thing. I just had that conversation with a comic. I say, Hey man, you curse too much. The cursing is not making the joke funnier, but if the curse word is a part of the punchline, then use it. Hmm. I said because it's like, I give the onion example, like it like you eat an onion, it's nasty, but if you take it and chop it up and saute it and put some flour on it, you still eating the onion but you can't taste it.


That's right. It just an analogy that I use with comic And I make them redo the joke. And I was like, damn, you did the same joke and got the same laugh. Got a bigger laugh. 'cause people are not offended right Now. Now there was a, a rumor that in your contract that said that you had to wear a dress. Oh man, I don't pay that stuff. I don Goddamn God damn man. You ain't, you should have put you, you just bitten to the onion. You ain't put no flour on you, you ain't or nothing. God Damn. Hey, so, so, so, so I'm, I then I started doing comedy 89. Man, you think there's a contract somewhere? I'm just messing with you. I, I knew, I know that that didn't bother me. What bother me was was people believed it. Oh yeah, they did.


Because it's always been that thing about the wear the dress, the not wear the dress, the It's comedy. Yeah. Listen, it is comedy. I grew up watching Flip Wilson. Yeah, flip Wilson is the greatest of all time. And, and and right when you laughing at Little Wilson, he turned around to do Geraldine, me and my Grand, I'm gonna sit down and watch that with my grandmother. My characters came, man. I was doing prank phone calls on the radio. I was doing Bernie Jenkins and whoever would've thought a character that you do on the radio calling funeral homes and all this stuff turned into a character and somebody ask you to play the character in a movie. You know, it is funny that all that stuff is is is taboo now. He Felt like he was clearing the record on Shea because I think he Or was it that he was supposed to play a role?


You said he was supposed be Money Mike or something like that? Well, well I did. When I went out there, I auditioned for that part and that's what I really auditioned for. I didn't audition for the Santa Claus. If I'm not mistaken, the Santa Claus role was supposed to be for, what's his name? He played in the first Friday, the comedian that passed away. Oh, oh, Oh. Aj aj, AJ Johnson. AJ Johnson. JI think a j Johnson was supposed to play sign now this is what, what I heard or whatever. And they put me in that role because at that time I was on BET and, and stuff like that. But I did audition for it. That's what I went out there and read for my manager at the time came on the air, cleared that up. But Cube Cube clarified it too. I said that you did audition for Money Mike.


Right. But when they saw how you moved, they thought you'd be better for Santa Claus. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So, yeah. And I don't have no, have no beef. I love everybody. If there is an opportunity to resolve the rap beef and stuff with the rappers getting killed, I don't want comedy to ever come to that. You know, that's not what I do. That's not how I was raised. You know, we from the south. That's right. And we just don't, we don't, we don't do that. What do you, what do you love more? Standup or radio? Oh God damn. That's a good question. Radio don't give you butterflies. Radio is just sitting here like right now. I'm comfortable, it's cool or whatever. Standup gives you a little bit of anxiety because you got to perform, you got to go out there. People pay money to see you perform.


But my standup is, has been great. I'm, I'm probably funnier than I've ever been. I got a special coming out. We in negotiation with Kevin Hart right now to release a comedy special. I love that for you. Oh yeah. I haven't did Donna Comedy special in like 12 years. Wow. But it's funny as hell. It look good. It's gonna be funny. It's gonna be all over the place. Recently shot stuff. Yeah. Just recently shot it. Okay. Yeah. I paid for it myself And I just went on stage and killed they ass. So I'm, I'm really excited about that. And what Made you Emini here? Kevin Hart's, Kevin Hart. But a lot of people go to Netflix too. Like how did you decide where you were gonna, who was gonna house It? Well, we gonna, we gonna see, we in negotiation now because I just did an interview with Kevin Hart and he asked me about a special, I was like, I just shot one.


I said, you want to, you want present It? Okay. So you still shopping it And never started, started that got, yeah. Yeah. He's a good friend of mine. I absolutely love him. Great dude. A great dude. Kevin man, Jamie Fox. All of them have been good to me my whole career. I didn't, I didn't know Eddie Murphy was a fan that I met Eddie Murphy at his house or whatever, went over there one day I had a meeting with Tracy Edmonds, I think they were dating at the time. And she said, ed, play your prank phone call around house. I'm like, you lying. Are you, are you serious? And I ended up going over there and there was some comics over there and we had barbecue chicken, collard greens, cornbread, macaroni and cheese. Ah, damn.


It was like we had some real soul food. And that was my first time meeting Eddie Murphy. Man, that was, that was a pleasure. So that when you get to do stuff like that, and I'm on tour with Martin Lawrence right now. So that's my big brother. So the Funny thing is you talk like you not one of you not one of them. Yeah. Like you, you And I conversation. I'm just, I'm just just humble man. I'm, I'm still like, I kinda still feel like I'm kind of like just still young and in the game because I feel young in the game And I, I know I'm a little older and stuff and, and trying to coach younger comics And I just kinda sit back and not try to do too much. But I just try to make sure when I do do something that is special and that awesome and that is funny. And my karaoke nights sell out faster than my comedy shows.


My cohost has Down syndrome. What, what? My cohost Big Chris has Down syndrome and he is the funniest damn person. If you look at my camera, you See him? Huh? You can see No, I was sitting here trying not to laugh. I was gonna ask you like, as can we last? That guy stupid? You can see it. On my goodness. Chris took Me to the cemetery. He, I think he had a cousin that died. He took you to the cemetery? Yeah. Yeah. Somebody had died and we was at the wrong grade. But I just let him, let him. I ain't wanna tell him that we was at, at Paul Bear Bryant Gray. So I had to get him back to the car. I took him and got got him something to eat and took him home.


Rickey Smiley ladies, gentlemen. Grief is grief man. He got it out either, either way. Chris got out, pick up his book Side show is out right now. Oh my God. You, we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you man. And don't be a stranger, man. You could come up here anytime. You would tell come back. My goodness. Oh man. Ladies and gentlemen, it is Rickey Smiley. That is me. Bring big Chris up here. She's single and she, she's looking. You single, you surprised, right? Yeah. How old are you? 32. Damn. What? Not. You sit back down. Rick shows out right now and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of four. Yes, you are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant Whites. Police arrested an Orlando man attacking a flamingo. Put The Breakfast Club bitchy donkey of day with Charla Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. No Duval. Y'all do it to yourself. Okay? Donkey of Day goes to a Florida man named Kanye Ed Aziz Medley. Okay? He is 20 years old and ha's from Clearwater, Florida. What does your uncle Charla always say about the great state of Florida?


The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. And today is no exception. See, this young man Kanye was arrested for domestic battery, a misdemeanor and booked into the county jail. Okay? According to police reports, he attacked his sister during a domestic clash. Now, you know, we don't condone any violence against women and attacking your sister. It's complete nonsense. If you can't have a healthy conversation with a sibling to work out your differences, then you probably can't have a healthy conversation with anyone. But this case is slightly different because Kanye didn't attack his sister with his hands. Nah. Kanye decided to treat his sister the way scissors fans treated her in Australia and he decided to just throw something at her. Now, just if I told you this man was 20 years old, his name was Kanye, but it's spelled K-H-A-N-Y-E.


He's black and he decided to throw a food item at his sister and the food item hit his sister in the back of the head. And that's why he got arrested. If I told you to guess what food item he threw, do you think you could do it? I'm I'm gonna give you multiple choice, Okay? Okay. Was it a sushi B meatloaf, C fried chicken or d tuna tartar. Oh my God. Fried chicken. Why? Why, why would you just assume it's fried chicken? Because if it's like fresh out the grease and they throw it, some of that hot grease gonna slide down her neck. That'd be the only way that I feel like you would be arrested. Okay. What? Red, if I did this stick to you red.


If I give you these same choices, Red's Puerto Rican man. I know I say red. He's black. He's 20 years old. Okay? And he, he threw a food item in the system. If I gave you those same multiple choice questions, what would you guess Just already guessed fried chicken. Is it a sushi B meat loaf. C fried chicken, D tuna tartar. Yep. I'm gonna go with a fresh fried chicken too. Alright, now don't be trying to gain no points. Now we Why red, why why I can't come with it? Say it. I'm not saying, I'm not saying that. You better not say it Out. It outta it. All I'm saying is not a stereotype if it's true. Okay? Not only do black people love fried chicken, everybody loves fried chicken.


And historically we love fried chicken because it was the only livestock slaves were allowed to keep chickens were chickens were the only livestock the enslaved were allowed to keep. And after emancipation, women known as way to carriers would sell trays of fried chicken and biscuits to travelers at train stations. Okay? The only reason fried chicken became a negative stereotype was because in 1915, a man named DW Griffith used the film called Breath of a Nation to show a bunch of black elected officials being unruly, drinking liquor, eating fried chicken with their bare feet kicked up on the death, just acting like savages. And the whole point of that scene, the message to the audience was to show the alleged dangers of letting black people vote. This is not a YouTube conspiracy, this is historical fact.


Do your own Googles and you will see. Now the reason Kanye is getting donkey today is because he told police that the motive for him using poultry as projectiles is because he said he had not eaten and did not want the piece of chicken, the victim off of him. So he became upset. Now let's do the math here, Jess, the man claimed to be hungry said he had not eaten. So someone offers you food and you say you don't want the piece of food that they offered. Mm. Wouldn't that piss you off? Absolutely. He, he lucky he didn't get something thrown at him. He's ungrateful. He's unappreciative. He's unthankful. He's a thankless human. Vegas cannot be chooses. And I can't say that you was begging, but if you starving, one of the most incredible things a person can offer you is a piece of chicken.


Mm. Now here to elaborate on the goodness of fried chicken when you are hungry is the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee Big Mac. I want y'all to start playing wobble. Wobble whenever Big Mac comes around. Mack, talk to me about the goodness of fried people. First off, good people. This is a sad day as the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee and a member of the Gut Gang and the big back brigade. Mm. It hurts to see one of your, your members that fallen off track. Hmm? Talk to me. This is just as bad as disrespecting the flag. You don't throw no fried chicken. Not even just as a fat person, as a black person. Mm. This breaks my heart. That's like saying I don't need lotion. And you clearly ashy it just don't make no sense.


And then when somebody give you something, because you know how we get, we get the extra on our hands sometimes, right? Yeah. You we need to share break. I took too much. There you go. You got the nerve to say no when you ashy. Come on now. It, it just, it's, it's sad to see. And and from the book of Lizzo, you know what they say is don't bite the hand that feeds you. Mm. If you hungry and you asking for food, somebody giving you food. Now here's my thing about that. Looking at devil's advocate. Lizzo got a book I no she does not. The devil's advocate side of it is I asked for food, you gave me chicken. Okay? Growing up the number one rule was don't eat the big piece of chicken. Okay? Now maybe it wasn't the big piece of chicken, maybe it was a little side, but No, no, no, no, no.


You only get the big piece of chicken if you are the provide her. Mm. That's why the daddy historically got the big PI understand because he was pro, he was the provi. He treated his sister like it was his girl. So clearly they got some things going on in that house and you seen the picture of him. It a little off if, if he paid for the meat in the house. I totally understand. If he ain't paid for the poultry, no, you gonna eat what I get. Listen, all Kanyes are a little bit off, so this is not far between. That's true. You know what Matthew? You ain't wrong when you Right. Please give Kanye medley the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. You're the donkey of the, of the, You know, we not, we not about to offer you no fried chicken.


Now you know, in the book of Corinthians it says you'd be tripping if you throwing chicken it throw nobody say damn does not read the Bible at all. That that might be in the book of Clarence. I know in the book, that's not in the book. Even at the Last Supper, they were beefing and they ain't throwing no chicken. So I know that is true. Come on now. That is true. That is crazy. That was Donkey of the Day Today. The Breakfast Club DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren la is filling in and we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Ladies And gentlemen, we have Damon Waynes Jr. Welcome. Thank you boss. Thank you man. This I always wanna as a Williams, right? Are you born into the Illuminati? Are you have to earn your spot like everybody else There?


Illuminati. You Definitely don't get hazed. They definitely walk you right in. No, I don't know. I about Illuminati. Yeah, no man, how you get there Had to earn my spot. You did. But I'm saying y'all like, y'all been successful for so long. Oh, so success means Illuminati, You know that. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. Come on. It takes it takes it. You know. Yeah. You kinda just walk in at this point. But you know, I'm a conspiracy theorist, so Yeah, I don't really Illuminati. Yeah, I thought the conspiracy theories, the conspiracy theorist did like the whole Illuminati. Isn't that a conspiracy? What the Illuminati Illuminati is a conspiracy. Yeah, but I don't attach myself to that. Oh, gotcha. Damn it. Like what the fuck we talking?


Yeah. My own, No, I thought you said I'm a conspiracy theorist. I'm like that. That's what y'all do. That Illumina Talk, you know, I, I'll be on, I'll be on YouTube, I'll be looking at the videos. So what is the conspiracies about the Wayne's Brothers then? How, how has the Wayne's family been so successful for so long? I Don't know if there's a conspiracy. I think it's just family working together. You know? I feel like that's what we all should be doing. Absolutely. You know what Emini here, like I feel like black people learn best by example. And so you have a bunch of examples and you just copy 'em. Did you study every member of your family? Like did you watch everything Keenan was in, did you watch everything your dad was in? Did you watch everything Marlin was in? Like I'm talking about since you was a child, like, did, did you study everything that they did? Emini here? I, I watched the stuff that I liked.


Like there was ones I skipped which, Which you skipped. What did You skip? What You skip? What did You skip? Glimmer Man, I don't remember Glimmer Man. Man, I remember the glimmer man. My dad, my uncle Keen did a movie with Steven Saal, glimmer Man, is that what it's called? The Glimmer? I don know. I don't remember that One. That me either. Blank man. No, no. I watched Blank Man. You was in it because I was in it. Yeah. You See Glimmer Man, I don't even know what he talking about. I'm that pulled it down the glimmer man. It was Glimmer. I don't remember this one. I definitely Don't remember Glimmer Man. 1996. I missed that one. Yeah Man. Yeah. Yeah. I like a lot of people did. Yeah. I like the comedies. I, you know, I like Don't Beat Menace is one of my favorite classic love major Payne Classic.


That favorite was a movie with Jada Pinkett and Mon Keenan. Oh Hold On. Nerd Lord Down nerd. Shame. Shame Man. So I love the, those are like my top classics. Yeah. Yeah. And blank man. 'cause I was in blank man. So who the everyday working class Williams? Everyday working Class? Are there any everyday working? We got A bunch of working class Williams. Okay. They, we got a big ass family. So there's like a lot of people that are just as funny as everybody, but they just don't feel like going through the Hollywood. But Do they just work? Do they work on the set or do they have blank? We have some that work on the set. You know, we got I love it. Yeah, we got Uncle Sean right on the show works on Papa's house. Yeah. Aunt Kim. She's A showrunner. Yeah. How you know all this? Oh Yeah, because This guy, He, he live here.


You know my, I got my daughter works on the set. She's a, a stand in for Essence Atkins character. Wow. And she be writing on the show too. She's great. That's so it. Yeah, she's dope. Now we gotta talk about the pressures of of of being a Whams Emini here. 'cause is it pressure though? Pops uncle, family cousins like Yeah. Is there any pressure? No, I don't feel like, I don't feel like there's pressure Emini here. Maybe in the beginning. In the beginning it was like, I used to have a, an alias when I went on stage. Kyle Green. Really? Yeah. And no one guessed it. You look Oh like your pop you look like the way family because you walk in it's Pop. No like the middle of my punchlines back. You look just like your damn daddy. And so I had to change it just to Damon, you know. But really I was just trying to get my bearings, you know, I was trying to like get on stage and not be like, come on the stage Damon Wayne's son.


You know? So that's Why. Have you never got something because you a Wayne like they was like, ah, you part of the family now? Maybe. I don't know. They don't, you know, that's all that behind the scenes stuff. But you know, they let you in. They'll let you in just because they want to see you. You know, they'd be like, oh, dam Williams. When I first started. So I got in some, some rooms and shout out to my family for making it easier for me. You know, a lot of people they frown on the Nepo baby thing. But I, I think it's great. I think it's like, you know, I don't see nothing wrong with it. I don't either. Emini here, I feel like it's a business. This is a business just like any other business. If there's a, you know, a car manufacturer and then he passed it down to his son, stuff like that. It's just, that's What it is. I think what y'all have done is phenomenal.


I was phenomenal. I was driving on the west side yesterday And I saw a digital billboard for Papa's House and Oh, they got a billboard out there. Yep. And it was you and your pops And I was just like, man, number one, the OG Damon Wan has been getting it for a long, long, long, that Long time. That man, that man's A killer. And it's nothing cooler than being able to do what you love to do with your son. Like everybody, we, we love what LeBron and Brony doing. Gotta give it up for y'all too. Yeah, Man, Emini here. I I'm, I'm happy man. I, we've had a really good time so far. We shot like 11 already and you know, it finally came out and I'm just hoping, you know, people keep watching and, and seeing 'cause it gets funnier and funnier. You know, the, the pilot is a good, it sets the stage, sets the characters, but we had a lot of suits.


You know, they were like kind of like making sure that we did what, what they wanted us to do. And then as time went on, they've let us spread our wings and now we get to just be ridiculous and funny and heartfelt and you know, I love it. I love seeing my dad every damn day. Well what Is Papa's house about? For people that don't know. Yeah, yeah. So Papa's House is basically about a papa who's a popular morning radio dj. And you relate Yeah, a Little bit. Yeah, a little bit. And he is a, he lives alone. He's happily divorced. He basically lives his dream of solitude until his son, who's like an immature needy guy, moves in next door to him with his wife and his two kids and just kind of turns, papa's life upside down.


And that's basically the, the long and short of it. We were toying with the idea of calling it raising Damon. 'cause it, it's like, you know, you think it's him raising me but then it, you kind of see that papa needs some raising too. It's a lot of old school versus new school views. I think it's really cool. My goal for the show is to bring back black comedies. Had I known that, you know, the nineties in the early two thousands, like were never gonna be again. You know, like there were so many options. We had Fresh Prince of Bel Air Living Single Cosby Show, Martin Cosby Show. Martin Martin Different World, Martin Martin. We had so many options on so many different channels and


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the knee. Nissan Kicks only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


With the best all inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 hotels. And do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The following is a high five moment from high five Casino dot com. Welcome To Burger Yippy. Would you like a hot apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I want, woo-hoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High Five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes, free daily reward. Over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Wow. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? Download the High Five app or visit high five Casino dot com. High Five Casino was a social Casino, no purchase necessary. Prohibit to play responsibly condition. See website for Detailss Casino.


And had I known that we were gonna have like nothing for like, you know, over a decade, I would've appreciated it more. You know, family Matters. Nobody Can explain to me why that went away because it's not like all, all those shows were super successful. So what happened in Hollywood that they just flipped the switch and say we don't want no more of this. Let's do reality television. I don't know, I feel like they always use black people to kind of build up the platforms and then just do away with them. You know, you, you know the Living single friends thing? The UPN, remember UPN? Absolutely. They use all them shows. Jamie Fox Show too. The Waynes Brothers wasn't Mo showing There too. Mo we come on now. So they had all these damn shows. Your pop, your pop show too. My wife and kids. My wife and kids.


Yeah. I didn't wanna say that 'cause That was just that, That was fine. I don wanna say it. I love, I love my wife and kids, but like they had so we had so many shows And I feel like now what we have, we have Abbott, we have the neighborhood. Is there anything else? Nah. You know, there was ati, there was a resurgence, but a lot of them good blackish grown. Oh yeah, Blackish was great. Blackish Shy. Yeah. Grown. Yeah. Insecure, right? Insecure stopped Atlanta Insecure was great. I'm talking about like sitcom now. Like they don't ever Yeah, like the sitcoms, like network tv. I feel like it's, you know, it's far and few between And I just hope that, you know, maybe the show gets popular enough to be like, oh, let's bring more of those. Yeah.


You know what Emini here, I, I love it because I feel like people need to see black people enjoying themselves. Black people making each other laugh. Black people making The World laugh. All right. We got more with Damon Waynes Jr. When we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren Rosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Damon Waynes Jr. Lauren, How much of this show is just improv off the script? 'cause it's, I know it's based on like, you guys were really about to move next door to each other or something at one point. Yeah, yeah. It's a lot of it's improv, you know, but we, we have a script, but we definitely do whatever we want because, you know, it's my dad's show and he'll just let people play and so we having fun, you know, I'm, I like, I like to improvise but you know, there's certain characters that like to just do the script and they're fine doing the script, but everybody's having fun.


Are you good at taking notes? Are both are, are you and your dad good at taking notes? Me? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I take notes. I Emini here. I take, I like constructive criticism. I'm Emini here. My dad, that's how he raised me. You know, this dude is the most brutal critic of all time. I did, I did years ago I did Def Comedy Jam And I got standing ovation, like I was nervous as hell. I got standing ovation. I do really well. I get off stage, he comes up to me, he goes, how do you think you did son? And I go, I don't know, like eight, nine. He's like seven and a half and he just walks off. Just like Walk. There was no context. Nothing. No nothing. No notes. No notes. Just gotta figure out do Better Uhuh.


Well, you know, how, how do you feel with your dad doing, staying up and you know, he would talk about you guys and stand up and of course he talks about you, you know, masturbating all through the house at that time. You wait to ask that question. So how did that come Lit? Up. You lit up with that? Saw that. Yeah. Did Boy got, oh geez, louder. So how was that just for you as a kid when your dad used to tell 'em stories? That one specifically was embarrassing. 'cause I remember one time I was about to hook up with this girl and she was like, wait a minute, are you the guy that does the thing with spaghetti? And I was just like, what? And then she plays me a clip of the freaking video of him just, you know, talking about me going spaghetti again. I'll be right back.


And you know, I didn't get any that day. So yeah, it messed me up. Dang. Did you not get any, 'cause she wanted you to do the spaghetti trick right then and there and you was like, no. I'm like, you can do this spaghetti trick. Yeah. No, she just, she just wanted to laugh at me. She just laughed. It was very embarrassing. Damn. Yeah. Do you think you have an appreciation for history, being that you're surrounded by it? Emini here you're making your own right. But you're always, you, you Emini here your whole life. I'm sure Eddie Murphy, Oren Hall, Robert Town, and these people were just there like, so you have a, his appreciate sport. Because if it was me, I couldn't shut the up. I'd be asking a million questions. Yeah. All the time. My, my dad kind of instilled in me not bothering famously.


Like I, I, I see them And I give them respect, but I'm also like, you know, you do your thing. I don't want to ask you the question that I know thousands of people asked you. Like, I see Eddie And I just like, I'm in awe, but I'm also not gonna like show him that I'm in awe, you know? So I don't really bo I don't like bothering famous people. But we did used to have a lot of fun. You know, we, my dad said that, you know, when, when I was a kid that Eddie used to invite him and his family on their little yacht parties. And my dad would have to go on there with his, you know, his wife and, and me as a kid. I was like two years old, maybe three. And, and Eddie would be sitting there like, man, this is, this is nice man. Like looking at my family, he like, see this is what I want. I want this. And I might go and like, he'd leave and my dad would just be on the boat by himself with his family.


And there'd be like a bunch of girls there and stuff like that. A bunch of celebrities. And it was really cool, you know. And I remember one time, well my dad told me this Emmanuel Lewis, you know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. Man. So Webster. Webster, he was, you know Emmanuel Lewis? Yes. So he was on the boat right? One time. And, and he was like dressed fly. He had a suit on, had a watch. And he little said, had a watch, he a little dude. And I as a baby was confused. 'cause I'm like, you thought he Was a big baby? I thought he was a big baby. I'm like, why he, how, you know, all them big words. Why, how you, who gave you a watch? You know? I'm like following him around the whole, the, oh my God, the whole yacht.


Trying to, you know, see what's up with 'em. You know, just like iron out, like got a kid on the boat. Who gave you them shoes? You know where your diaper at? How old was you? You remember I was two? No, he just told me my, my, my dad told me I was walking around, following them everywhere. He was like, come on man. Go. He was like trying to shoot me away, man. That is fun man. I was like, come on man. His nap time. So what is the, you, you guys always keep Essence Atkins booked. I know she's in Papa's house. She plays Dr. Ivy Green. What's, what's the chemistry with her and the Waynes family? Like, can you talk a bit about that and a decision to bring her on this show? Right. Well first of all, essence, Atkins keeps herself booked. Like that woman is a phenomenal comedic actress, phenomenal actress period.


But she's also like really funny. And initially my dad didn't want her to be on the show. 'cause uncle mom was like, yo, you gotta put it on. You know, she's really funny. I don't know what you're doing. You know. And my dad was like, kind of, you know, like, no, he was on, she was on your show. I don't want to have that on my show. Like, leave it alone. And then finally he, you know, he was like, come in and read and she went in and like, from the moment she walked in the door, she was killing us. Like just so funny. Like before she even said a word of the audition, she came in, killed it, killed it left. And she was the first person up too. So everybody else, like, she just sucked all the energy out the room and there was just like no one was gonna do or top that.


So, you know, so Essence keeps herself booked. Like she's just phenomenal. Now you also see the change of comedy, right? Because you've seen everything your family has done right From Blank Man to Living Color. Do you think comedy can go back there without people getting insulted about getting offended, taking things personal Emini Here? I don't think so. Emini here, I feel like, could Y'all do Blank Man Too? The Show kind of be too, we could do Blank Man, but is Blank Man offensive though? I feel, feel like, I feel like Blank Man was like pretty chill. I don't remember. I have to go back and watch it again. Because what I, because what, what we didn't think was offensive. Now when you back just be like, dang. Oh yeah, that would piss everybody off. Now you know what, Emini here. True, but I Missed those shows. I missed the too Live color shows and those shows that pushed the line and pushed the edge. You know, I, I blame Judd Aow bring you Down Here For it.


Bring you down. I'm all here. I'm always down to blame the white man for something. So, and so I Emini here, this is a conspiracy theory, but I don't think he did it intentionally. But I feel like it started with Super Bad. Like Super Bad came out out classic, super funny. And then I feel like after that it was just no more black stuff, no more black movies. Like, it was just like, you know, they were like, we got it from here. And then they did all their, you know, it was like Jewish comedies, like starring Jewish people. Jewish young guys, which were really funny. Like I love 40-year-old version. I love Bridesmaids, I love Super Bad, but I feel like it like just went that way. And then there was no more black comedies. Like they don't make 'em anymore.


Have you noticed that? I wonder if it's because, And I think about what you're saying all the time. 'cause I love the tone of all those movies you just made. Yeah, I, I even put Get 'em to the Greek in that. Yeah. I wonder if it's because Hangover, they're willing to take more risk. Yeah, well They have The like, like there's a lot of things that they do in their comedy that I feel like some black people wouldn't necessarily do. Don't they have the room to Do it though? Right? I disagree. I say I'm, I'm saying the opportunity's not there. I'm sure you know, there's like a bunch of black comedies being written. They're just not being shocked. They're not being given to black comedians. Yeah, but I think he's asking would like some of our big name Black comedians, would they take those roles that are gonna push those boundaries? Because it could offend. But what boundaries? Emini here. People are offended by everything nowadays. Emini here. So Emini here. It depends on who you're talking about and what you're talking about.


Well it's a lot of like back in the day when you look at it living color and all of that stuff like that, they weren't afraid to pretend to be gay. They weren't afraid to, they wore dresses. I, I'm, yeah, I'm not saying you got a way to judge, but they weren't afraid to push the limits. Right. There's things that I feel like this black people wouldn't do. Now you just get critiqued for everything. But I think if it's funny enough, they'll let you do it. Like we let Robert Downey Jr. Get away with blackface 'cause it was funny. Right? And, but I don't think he could do that now. I don't feel like, I don't feel like anything is, I don't even know. Super bad. Could get away with being super bad now. Maybe super bad, but like 40-year-old version, I'm not sure. Nah. Right. Like these, These not even Nerds. Not even Nerds. Which is Crazy. Nerds is Rapy though now. Now when you evangel.


I haven't, I haven't, I haven't watched you go back and look Like as Rapy by the way. It's not even just comedy though. I think about back in the day, like why was Q in high school, the nurse in Juice? They didn't even give us an explanation. Like there was no reason for it. Like why? I didn't even think about that. Why was she just, why was this nurse just the high school? I bet you, I bet you there was like a storyline that they just didn't have time to explore. They probably had to cut it. You know what, Emini here. All right, we got more with Damon, Wayne Jr. When we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ and D Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Damon Wayne's Jr.


Lauren, Are you guys going to like, 'cause I don't, I feel like too, it's a lot of the, like the networks know that people will be offended so they try to stay away even if they wanna try it. Right? But in Papa's house, like you guys have Essence Atkins, who's kind of coming in and your dad is like the old school person who he's like aware of the boundaries, but he doesn't really care. And she's like, you're gonna have to care. Are y'all gonna kind of play around with that a little bit more and take those risks? Or is is the network like we can be cute with it, but like No, because your dad be willing to go all the way there. I love it. Oh, he goes there all the time. Didn't he get in trouble on your, on your show? Yep. Like years ago. I Watched that last night. I don I watched it last Night. Jr People things, you resurfacing things for no reason. Well they put my picture during that whole controversy.


I remember my picture, I do remember everywhere. I was like, come, come on now. I was like, he didn't say it, but guess what? You gotta pay for the sins of his father. Jesus Christ. That was crazy. What we, what did Y'all, y'all y'all gonna, y'all gonna push those boundaries on the show? Yes, We are. We, we have. And I think that, you know, once the suits the cb s saw that we know what we're doing, they kind of like let us play, you know, Emini here, like, and you'll see e each episode gets funnier and funnier and funnier and you know, and the characters are get more and more well-rounded. We deal with like real issues too, which is kind of weird to have like serious scenes and stuff like that.


But we, we do that too, which just makes the comedy funnier. And I I love what we're doing right now, man. It's, it's very unique. Especially on CBS. Like we're definitely making CBS uncomfortable with the choices we're making, which I think is great because we're pushing the envelope. It's like we got, we we're competing against streaming now we're competing against network shows that go for it. So it's like there's no time to really just play it safe. Are you ever afraid to work with your pops because you know that he just like sabotaged his SNL situation and just walked, he purposely did things to get fired. Do you ever think that he might do that again? I, I don't, I think he's more patient now. I think he just wants to make a good show and spend time with his family doing it.


Like I feel like this is like what he likes doing and so I don't think he's gonna jeopardize that. Yeah. Emini here that, you know, maybe 10 years ago maybe, but like now I feel like he's just like chill and, and just having fun. Like we just be laughing the whole day. It's just, I love It. And, and when, you know, you talked about, you know, Sean writing on the show and you know your Aunt Kim being a show runner. Do y'all even look outside of the family? No, we have a lot of people that are from our are outside of the family too. Okay. Like there's like 12, 13 writers on the Show. But you said they know you guys though, right? Like they're like friends. Yeah, we all know they're family friends. Like the showrunner. We, he the showrunner wrote major pain with my dad. He wrote on my wife and kids with my dad.


So Do strangers get a Chance? Strangers get a chance too. Yeah. We got some strangers in there. That sounds so crazy. We got some strangers Love it though man. Y'all are doing it the way Yeah. Black people should do it. Absolutely. I agree. And I think that, you know, and, and we're not bringing in stragglers, like we're bringing in people that contribute to the project. They're not just being like, they're not just there 'cause they're name is Weigh-Ins. They're actually like contributing and being really good. Keenan Junior's in the writer's room, which is, he's so damn funny. My brother Michael in the writer's room. It's just, it's just great man. This is the closest thing I've come to being on a show that I have control over. Like, I always kind of envy my family because like the first generation, because they got to come in as themselves.


Like this is who we are within living color. Like this is who we are. Take it or leave it. Right. This is funny to us. Like I've been an actor for a hire my entire career, so I've been funny in spots. But you can only be as funny as they allow you to be. And so I love that. This is kind of like the next best thing, you know? Right. It's still my dad's baby but I get to contribute a lot and he's very collaborative so Yeah. When Did you feel like you started to make your own name for yourself? Like when people started saying, oh that's, that's not Damon Wayne's son. That's actually Damon Wayne's Jr. I Feel like when I had the happy ending show and then I booked the Negro Show at the same time. Right. And so there was like a whole uproar about that And I thought that was pretty cool.


'cause Happy Endings was my first, the first show I ever auditioned for. Mm. And then Negro was the second show I ever auditioned for. So I felt like, I was like, oh I got, there's something. And and then after that I just felt like I can do my own thing. Are you gonna be part of the tour that they're doing? They're doing a tour. Yeah. They're Not about the comedy tour. No 'em together. They don't be telling me nothing. I'm I'm second generation. They Nah, they barely told us. We just thought you knew was gonna drop It here. I saw that clip. I think I saw that clip. You're so well composed Tour. No, no. What I was gonna say is I think it's something else. I don't think it's a tour, I think it's something lemon color Reboot. I can't say but what I think it is, but if it is what I think it is, it's gonna be fire.


We know that. But like we, it just have to do We have Turn Immortalize the Wings. I think like the winds need a 30 for 30 or so. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, oh that Would be dope. Like, but do they do that for I don't, I've never seen do that. I could See first. Yeah. Emini here. That would be dope. But no, I it's gonna be, it's a, it's either like, it's like something on TV or film I think though. What's it called? I don't know. I can't say. I think you might Have said too much As soon as it dropped he gonna be the host and we gonna be like, he was in here like he didn't know nothing But I gave more than he did. You did. But this is your Time to shine. Just matter what they did to you last time you was, you wasn't even here and they put your picture on things. You strong man. You should just blow it up right now. No, I can't say because I don't, I don't know if it's true.


'cause if I say something and it's wrong, true and I'm gonna look like an idiot, I get it. So They be, they they, they don't even tell me that much. I hear like whispers. My family's just gossiping ass family man. Well salute to you for continuing to carry the torch to Right. Thank you man. And salute to y'all man. 'cause like I came here, I forgot how many, how many years ago? At least over a decade I think. Yeah. Yeah. And then to see what you guys became is just phenomenal man. Appreciate you brother. Yeah. Papa's House Monday's eight 30 on CBS. Make sure you check it out. You can stream it on Paramount Plus as well. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Thank you man. Appreciate Damon WANs Jr. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for a positive note. What we Got positive note is simply this man, be careful what you wish for others 'cause it just might get to you. All right. To wish bad things for somebody else is actually like looking for something bad to happen to you. 'cause when you wish bad karma on somebody else, you bring bad karma on yourself. Okay? You are consuming and bringing in negative vibes into your life. Instead be the person you wish they were. Be the person who brings only positive thoughts and good vibes into their own life. 'cause being negative yourself will only bring negative into your life. Don't poison yourself. Hoping somebody else will die. All right, breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stay locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Cheap Caribbean is celebrating more than just the new year. In 2025, cheap Caribbean vacations is celebrating its 25th birthday too. You're invited to join in on the birthday, fun, and book a beach vacation with more savings. Now through February 3rd, you can unlock up to $250 off site-wide vacation packages. Celebrate these awesome savings at your favorite beach and book your next all-inclusive vacay@cheapcaribbean.com. Your $250 off is waiting


At David's bridal. Love is in every stitch from the initial sketch to the final details. Each style is designed with exquisite craftsmanship. Every wedding gown, bridesmaid look, prom dress and special occasion style in between features, handcrafted details filled with love. Come see the magic in person. Look an appointment and sign up for Diamond Loyalty to save 15% on your first purchase. Earn points towards special rewards and more at david's bridal.com.