
This is an IHeartPodcasts. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you hear that exclusive? You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La I'm your home girl that knows a bit about everything and everybody. And this show of course is your daily dig on all things pop culture, entertainment, news, exclusives. And y'all know we get into those conversations that shake the room. Honey, I'm your host Lauren Rosa, and we always do our behind the scenes of the grind, checkin Back on the grind.


Hello my low riders and welcome back to another episode Today I am feeling excited. We are headed over to LA And I say we Emini here. Me and a lot of the producers and the digital staff here at The Breakfast Club in Power 1 0 5 1, which is the station at The Breakfast Club is on in New York, are headed over to LA for the BET awards. And I'm gonna get into that actually in the actual latest, like in our news today, we gonna talk about the BET awards and you know, how exciting all that is gonna be for us. But I'm excited. I've done the BET awards probably every year of my career, except for maybe one or two. So a good seven, eight years I've been going to LA for the BET awards.


And every single year that I do it, it's always amazing. It's always like a testament to God and, and a thing and a reminder of how grateful to God I should be. And you know, it's just, you know, like, you know how they say like, don't just praise God and or don't go to God in the bad times. Praise them in the good times as well every year with BET awards. I look back on the year before And I look back on what I was doing when I was there. Like when I first started going to the BET awards, y'all, I was just like going, didn't know nobody, didn't know what was going on, didn't know the lay of land, just trying to find my way into whatever I could figure out, to be honest with you. And now I'm going and the latest with Lauren La Rosa and The Breakfast Club will be there. I'll be broadcasting live from LA during The Breakfast Club from there doing some interviews and it's gonna be a good time.


So I'm gonna let y'all know all the information of where you guys can listen. Of course, right here on the podcast is where we're bringing the content to, but Emini here if you wanna watch the actual show. I'll let you guys know that in a second. So I'm feeling really good. I'm feeling really excited and grateful and yeah, it's, it's just about to be a really great weekend. So my content will might sound a little different. The sound is still gonna be good, but you know, it's, I'm not gonna be there by myself all the time 'cause I be talking to people. But let's get on into the latest. So you guys have been asking me for a Wendy Williams Update, And I know the last time we talked about Wendy Williams here on the podcast, I was giving you guys a Mother's Day update. And I let you know that Wendy Williams spent Mother's Day alone in, you know, what she alleges and calls her luxury prison, which is the room that she lives in and the facility that she is currently housed in where, you know, she can't even let herself down in the elevator if she chooses to.


There has to be a person to escort her to do that. She has to have permission to do everything from, you know, as, as small as just going out to dinner with friends and family. She only has a phone in her room, which she can call out on. You are not able to call her. There is no computer. Her life is very, very different than what we have ever known Wendy's life to be. But you guys, you know, if you've been following, you know that if not, that's a brief little synopsis of, you know, where things are with her right now. But the Jasmine brand, shout out to the Jasmine brand broken exclusive that Wendy Williams', ex-husband Kevin Hunter will be planning that. Wendy Williams', ex-husband Kevin Hunter will be doing a sit down tell all interview with Gail King.


Now they say this sit down interview that he's gonna be doing with Gay King, he's currently prepping for it. Now the details of like what exactly he'll be talking about haven't been disclosed. But Kevin Hunter has been very vocal and he has gone a lot. He, he is gonna have a lot to talk about because he's been going through financial battle or legal roles as well as Wendy Williams when it comes to this conservatorship conservatorship battle because the conservatorship controls Wendy Williams money. Kevin Hunter is currently involved in a lawsuit against the Wendy Williams show, former production company, Deborah r Mercury, claiming that he was wrongfully terminated after he split from Wendy Williams back in 2019.


If you guys remember, he was working kind of like as her like manager. He was helping her run the show a bit. He was very involved, but after they split, he was fired. Their divorce followed a highly publicized cheating scandal during which Kevin fathered a child with a woman. And when that scandal came out, when reported that scandal came out, it was reported that the woman lived like, you know, just a few miles down from the house that him and Wendy Williams lived in, in Jersey. And you know, that this had been something that was ongoing for some time. And Wendy Williams herself, she didn't have a choice. She had to talk about it on her show. That's how big this scandal was. But since the following of, you know, him leaving the show, him and Wendy Williams splitting, they, they went through a divorce.


It was, she was, Wendy Williams was ordered to pay him money. He's been going through the media and making headlines for some of the troubles that he's having with money. He recently sold his Florida mansion. There's, you know, been headlines that he was being sued for credit card debt. There's been a ton of different things. But he's currently gonna battle with the conservatorship as well too because, because he Emini here, he's fighting over the alimony money. So according to a lawsuit that was filed back in April of 2024, Wendy Williams Guardianship or Guardian, Sabrina Morrissey is demanding or was demanding, still demanding 'cause nothing has been paid over a hundred thousand dollars in alimony to be paid back by Kevin Hunter.


Now Wendy Williams guardian, Sabrina Morrissey says that Kevin Hunter was overpaid for three months of his alimony and was justly enriched by Wendy Williams bank account. This is the Wells Fargo account that the conservatorship claimed that they had to come in and take over because it was being misused and mishandled properly. But in a separate court response, Kevin Hunter actually demanded that the former talk show host Wendy Williams, pay him 23 months and back payments for sp support from their divorce. Now what Kevin Hunter is claiming or was claiming back in April, 2024, is that Wendy Williams allegedly stopped paying him alimony before she was placed under a court ordered guardianship in May of 2022 that oversees her finances and her health.


Now, both parties agreed that, you know, they're outta court mediation at the time. So this is Wendy Williams and this is Kevin Hunter. So for Wendy Williams, the conservatorship, they both agreed that the out of court mediation that they did failed that they, I guess, you know, they were trying to have a conversation about what's old, what's not. And it, and it didn't work out. So Sabrina Morrissey actually brought the issue to court because she's trying to figure out what the answer is. Now, Kevin Hunter and his attorney at the time, you know, had no further comment about this. But again, there's been so many headlines since this about just different things he's allegedly experienced financially. So I'm assuming that, you know, that's something that he'll touch on in Gayle King, but also too Emini here they do share a son together, right?


And although their son recently graduated from college and is an adult in The World now, we have not heard Kevin Hunter seniors take on just any of the things thus far, right? Like not in a real way. There's been, you know, he's posted things here and there on social media. There's been little statements here and there as well to media, but not a full sit down interview. So I think yes, he's gonna talk about the money. There's no way he cannot, especially because Wendy Williams herself is claiming her money is under control by someone that is not. She has no, no say so and someone that she is alleging she doesn't wanna be under the control of and ultimately doesn't trust, right?


But in addition to that, they share a kid together, all of this stuff is happening publicly. Their son at one point was even involved. You guys remember when Wendy Williams spoke to us here at The Breakfast Club? She said that a part of this whole thing was her son mismanaging, you know, money. And, and we, and we talked to her about that and she also spoke to, you know, the TMZ team on their Tubi doc about this as well too. So it's gonna be very interesting to hear. And also too, I think what a lot of us, or I know myself would love to hear from Kevin Hunter is if you could go back and do this all differently, would you, because yes, Wendy Williams, you know, there, there were the, the addictions that she's talked about when it comes, comes to drinking and things of that nature and, you know, not taking care of her health the way she should have been taking care of her health.


But man, does it seem like such a spiral of things since the baby that Kevin Hunter had and the divorce and her having to get public about the divorce. And you know, And I don't know if one plus one equals two. I'm not saying that I've spoken to her and that's what she said to me and you know, any of those things. But as a woman, I just know, you know what that strain is like when you got man problems, you got cheating problems and you got health. Like, it's a lot to deal with. So I would love to, And I hope, And I kind of know that Gayle King as a journalist, she is, we'll dive into, let's take a step back. Like let's really pull back the curtain here because if we really think about it, it, it was like such a tumble down effect.


It's like we heard about the cheating, we heard about the baby and then everything just tumbled from there. And I would wanna know if any, like if they have any conversations at all, him and his son, him and Wendy's family, him and Wendy Williams, what have those been? What have they been? Now in other news I told you guys that we are headed to the 2025 BET awards. The BET awards are actually gonna go down on Monday, June 9th at 8:00 PM Eastern Standard time. Now you can, you know, see tons of performances. Lil Wayne, Tiana Taylor Gorilla, Playboy, Cardi, Leon Thomas, it's gonna be hosted by Kevin Hart, which I'm really excited for 'cause you know, it's gonna be funny, it's gonna be a little crazy.


And this is his first time hosting a BT awards. So, you know, I think he gonna do his little one two with the wardrobe changes and the, you just never know what Kevin Hart like. He is such a, he is such a character. You just never know what Kevin Hart when we talk about the awards you have, you know, best female and male hip hop artists to album of the year. You have Dr. Bobby Jones Best Gospel Inspiration Award. The category has been such a big spectrum of so many things in black excellence. So the, there's a ton of nominees, but the big nominees this year include Kendrick Lamar, SZA Gorilla, Drake Doci, Chris Brown, Jamie Fox, Mariah Carey, Snoop Dogg, Kirk Franklin will all be honored as Ultimate Icons.


It's gonna be a great year, y'all. This's gonna be a great year to BET awards. And I think we say this every year about the BET awards because it's ours. And that's, you know, that's all we have. But this is gonna be a great year. They're also doing the 25 year reunion or anniversary of 1 0 6 and Park. So that will take place on stage. And I know the 1 0 6 and park crew, they have like a big day party that's happening out there in la which I'll be attending as well. But I am excited for the first time ever in Breakfast Club history. The Breakfast Club will be in the radio room at the BET awards. The radio room is where you sit down with artists and you have interview conversations with them live right there at the show. And then we take that and we feed it into social and then I'm able to bring it here on the podcast and you know, to The Breakfast Club.


But it's like one big cafeteria and like all the biggest names of music and entertainment come through and they sit down and they have a conversation with you. So you just gotta be on your a game. Like you just gotta know what's going on. You gotta know who you're talking to and y'all know I love this type of stuff. So I am so excited because I'll be there, I'll be the person doing the sit down conversations, you know, bringing it back to the latest with Lauren, the rose of the podcast and latest with Lauren the Rose on The Breakfast Club. So, you know, we gonna get busy. I am super excited and I'll also be doing like recaps of my days 'cause some of the stuff I might mention on there, but like can't really show you too much. 'cause I gotta, you know, stick with the news, right? So some of the stuff like, you know, the 1 0 6 and Park Day party I mentioned and you know, the any after parties for the BET awards.


'cause I will be attending the BET awards as well and doing a a like a pre carpet stage for them doing some interviews there. I might not be able to show y'all all that. Okay? I might not be able to, not on the podcast and, and not on The Breakfast Club, but on my social media, on my YouTube channel along the road of tv I can. So make sure you're following me there too, to get those insights and those, you know. But I, I wanna know, who are you guys excited to see at this year's BET awards? Let me know. 'cause if y'all excited to see them, I'm excited to see 'em and, And I, and I'll try making my, my, my business to run into them. Y'all are asking for interviews And I told you guys in the beginning of this, like, you know, give the podcast some time, let us, let us get the kinks out and it'll happen.


And man has it been happening. So we'll have a ton of interviews for you guys. A ton of great moments from Culture's Biggest Night, black Culture's biggest night right here on the latest with Lauren La Rosa. So make sure y'all tune in. You might catch me in the audience. It's Lauren la Rosa at the end of the day. There is always a lot to talk about, but y'all, you know, you choose to be right here with me every single time to talk about it. And I am so appreciative of that. I'll see you guys in my next episode.


Oral Health goes beyond just aesthetics. It's deeply connected to your general health and wellbeing. That's why preventing oral health problems before they start is so important. When you use the Colgate Total Active Prevention System, you're not just helping to prevent oral health problems like cavities and gingivitis. You are laying the groundwork for overall wellness. Colgate Total's three product routine includes a reformulated toothpaste, an innovative toothbrush, and a refreshing antibacterial mouthwash that all support a healthy mouth. In fact, the three products were designed to work together to be 15 times more effective at reducing bacteria buildup in six weeks, starting from week one compared to a non antibacterial fluoride toothpaste and flat trimm toothbrush. Take control of your oral health and get the Colgate Total Active Prevention System today. So you can be dentist ready. Visit shop.colgate.com/total.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.