
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting Changes everything requires trade in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


Now listen to your show every single day. Breakfast Club, The, Breakfast, Club, The, Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without being Breakfast Club. You're like this rare air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with the breakfast, but I don't think white people know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop early morning and late night talk show. Yeah, I know what y'all talking about. It's a new day.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is V from Detroit. V from Detroit. What up though? Oh, wait, This really on DJ V? Yes, ma'am. Oh my God, this Think I get through. Hi. Did they envy Charlemagne? Peace? What's happening? Oh my God, y'all, my heart is beating. But real quick, I just wanna say that when you used to say that Democrats were crowd, I used just disagree with you. Like, I just felt like you were really hurting the cause, but seeing how the whole thing all played out a whole year later, shaman, I'll never doubt you again.


I don't know why y'all doubt me now. You know. Okay. I I, I It's okay. You can doubt him. Sometimes. I like Being Rafiki from the Lion King You know. You. know what I mean? You know Riki from the Lion King. They, they always think he a crazy little monkey. Please Don't consider yourself up to monkey. Oh, okay. But Rafiki wasn't really like, please that on air. He's just a wide little. Well, thank you v Little wise little primate. Thank you so much. All Right now. Bye bye-Bye now. Hello. Who's this? What's Up? Breakfast Club? This is Uber Mike. How y'all doing Uber, Mike, what's up Mike? What's up brother? What's up Kamala Harris, man, she got my vote. She got my vote. We gotta get across that finish line. Okay? Okay. She, she got My vote. Where you calling From? What made you, what made you come to that co? Oh, Dallas, Texas. Dallas. Dallas, okay. What made you come to that conclusion? Oh, no. And I.


I always been the supporter of her. Man. I, I, she's ready to go. I, I've been following her since you, you put her on a long time ago, Charlamagne, and I've been following her. She, she's ready to go, man. She's ready to run this country, man. I'm ready to go. Okay. All right. Thank you Uber, Mike. Alright. Y'all have a good morning, y'all. Peace Too. Now. Hello. Who's this? Ta Tanya. Good morning. Hey, what's up? This Tanya from Omaha. How y'all doing? What's up mama? Get it off your chest. Tell really upset about you. You, You talk a lot about these sausage studs and you already know I'm, I'm a recovery. I'm in, I I'm, I've been reformed. What you a reformed stud, But I'm a reformed toxic stud. A hostage stud. What's I no Reform? Toxic stud. Oh, toxic stud. Yeah. Okay. Okay, got you.


Yes. All right. I'm a reform one. You know. Hey, you ain't talking about these females that put us in positions where we end up looking toxic. No, no. We not gonna blame. Explain, we not gonna blame the toxicity of studs on other people that is victim blaming. No, No. Nah, because I ain't gonna lie. I gotta, I had a situation a while ago. This is before I got married, before I was reformed. Okay. And, I ain't gonna lie. I was messing with this chick. She told me everything was on the up and up. I'm chilling at her house, kicking it. You know I'm, I'm playing with the sun. I'm, I'm, I'm right there. And lo and behold, if that daddy didn't walk in the door, man, You know what it feel like to be a woman and have a man looking at you like you a man.


Well, you knew, you knew she had a baby daddy though. But she, but she Probably thinking it's all good If, you got in the crib And then we, and Exactly. And I'm up here playing, having a good time. You know, thinking, oh, everything's off. Easy peasy lemon squeezey and baby daddy walk in. And he looking at me like, no, no. And I'm like, honey, I I'm a woman. I'm a lady. Oh, Now you're a woman. Yeah. See, see this is what I don't understand about studs. Right. They come in with they nice baggy t-shirts on. They baggy sweatpants. Right. They nice speaker, they nice sneakers. And then they got got that, they got that five speed internal vibrator and wonder why these women losing they damn mind You know what Charlamagne, somebody hurt you.


Some woman out there hurt you. And I Dunno who it was, but she hurt you. No thank you. Tanya You know you You know the toxicity of your type. Mad toxic studs came up to me at the car show and was like, yo, tell Charlamagne we ain't, we ain't all toxic like that. And and the crazy part is every stud. I know that used to be toxic or is toxic. No, they toxic or used to be toxic. So what does that tell you? But they was toxic. Yes. They know They not delusional. Hello? Who's this? Yeah. What's up Brandon? Get it off your chest. Straight Up. Put over, back up. Shoot out. Tell your man to be quiet for a sec. My fault. My fault. Capital morning. How y'all doing? Good Brother. Please gang. How you I'm everything good. So listen. Right. I wanted to get it off my chest.


That You know my lady man. She go through my phone when I'm sleeping and then You know whenever I try to go through her phone when she's sleeps, she's sleeping with her under her pillow. Underneath her You know and she'll, she'll wake up. Man, stop. But the only way I can go through her phone. Stop. Stop. Why y'all don't trust each other? How about that? I don't wanna hit nothing else. Why y'all don't trust each other? That's so corny. Y'all going through each other's phone. Listen, listen. It's not even that You know. I don't, I don't do that. You Just said you do it. You just said she go through your phone and you go through her phone. Yeah, but I do that because she do it. But I'm saying, I don't just randomly say I'm gonna go through her phone. 'cause I want to. Sir, have you cheated before? I got caught cheating In the past. Oh, there you Go. Has she got caught cheating?


No. Is This your guilty conscience? What'd you say, Jeff? I said He trying to get even with her Man, knock it off. He Trying to get even with me. Yeah. Yo, just knock it off. Nah, you knock it off. Yo. Stop going through our phone. I just told you she go through my phone when I'm Asleep. Yeah. So that means you do it too. What's the tip and tat for? He, he, he's scared 'cause it's like, yo, listen, listen. Why she can do go through mine when I'm sleep, but I can't go through her stuff. You just scared. She gonna get at PPO to somebody else. 'cause you got a guilty conscience. That's all that. Well you gave her a reason to 'cause you got caught cheating. Yo. Listen, I appreciate you guys man. Get it off your chest.


A3. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wow. The Breakfast. Club. This is your time to get it off your Chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Tamika from Westchester. Hey Tamika. Get it off your chest, mama. Okay. Good morning. You did be Charmaine. I'm a fan. Good morning. I just wanted to get off my chest. The fact that I did nothing. And now I'm a broken up with a boyfriend that I've been with for three years because his girlfriend, his side girlfriend thinks that I'm her stalker.


Wait a minute. His side girlfriend, you stalker. All right. Explain this to me a little bit more now. So, okay. Okay. So I've been with this boy for like almost three years. Okay. And when I came out of my relationship, he came out of his relationship for a long time and he still wanted to explore and all that. And we didn't know what we was. So he told me like, oh, I'm talking to this one, I'm talking to that one, talking that one. So it's like, okay, whatever. But Tom had passed and he had started moving his stuff into my apartment and we started establishing things. I worked for the city.


I put 'em on my insurance. We started establishing and making plans. I didn't realize how strong of a connection he was making with other girls. But then he comes to me one day and tells me that the other girl, Okay, okay, I've heard enough. So you're not his only girl? No, I'm not his only girl. No. Okay. So what are you calling here to ask us? Well, She's upset because she put him on insurance. She was Serious just getting off my chest. I wasn't asking anything. Oh, you just, you just mad at yourself for being stupid. Hey. Yes. How old are you? 34. 34 years old. How many girls does this man got? I, who knows. I can understand it though. How many yeast infections have you had since y'all be dating? I know your PH balance is always, Oh, stop it.


Come on. No, it's not. It's not. Oh, okay. I understand though. 'cause you, you put him on insurance, he moved in. You thought it was more serious than it was and he was still playing the field. Well See, see I want to tell you that, that You know you can do better. That's Not the part, that's not the part that I'm mad at. The point that I'm mad at is that I have nothing to do with his other relationships. And I'm being accused of being a, a random girl's stalker. Why would you care? I don't even know this girl. Why Would you even care? You, you shouldn't even speak to me anyway. Why would I even care? This is what I'm saying. You ever been accused of something you absolutely did not do? Yes. And just super frustrated but then also super relieved because it's like you never trust me in the beginning, but it's just super fucking frustrating.


Well, Stop me, stop cursing because I really didn't do it. I Understand you're upset but stop cursing but understand that the truth don't need no defense and it only needs witnesses. So as long as You know the truth, that's the most important thing. But the truth is, you just one of this man's hoes. Now you need to ask yourself, do you just want to be one of this man's hoes or do you want to be more to somebody? 'cause If you want to be more to somebody, then you need to go find that somebody. 'cause it's not gonna be with him. Yeah. I'm sorry you went through that mama. But take him off insurance Asap If you it. You still going through it? No. Take him off the insurance Asap. She ain't gonna do none of that. Is he still on the Insurance? Yeah. Who that talking to you in the background? Nobody. That's y on the radio. Oh yeah man, you just another one of his hoes, man. And, I and You know. I think that you deserve better than that.


That's right. But You know he did keep it 100 with you from the beginning. It's not like he lied to you. Yeah, he didn't Lie. And y'all didn't have a conversation. You just assumed because he moved in. But that was not a great assumption, obviously. Thanks And I know it's hard. I know it's hard. Three, four years of raw sex. Three You. know what I'm saying? Him blowing in your bunkie. I know it got, I know it got you a little open man. But You know you. You deserve better. Thanks. I'm sorry mama. Have a great day. You too. Have a good day. Happy Monday. Damn it man. She should take 'em off insurance right now. She Not. The. Breakfast Club.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. We seen something that was trending online yesterday. This is from the Facts and Law podcast. They had a young lady on there and she was talking about dating and this is what she said. I'm not dating a man that does not come from a two-parent household. I don't care what race you are. You came from a two-parent household. No, but I'm, I'm explaining to you why there's a big difference with the man who was raised with his mother and father versus a man who was just raised with his mother.


And I had the pleasure of marrying a guy who was raised by his mom. And I dated seriously. A guy who was raised by both parents. It's a big difference. And coming from a household where I was raised by my mom as a grown woman, I'm telling you it's a difference. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you agree there's a difference between dating someone that comes from a two-parent household verse, someone that comes from that doesn't come from a two-family household, A two-parent household, I should say. We'll start with you Jess. What do you think? I just think it depends on the situation. I've dated You know men who I listen, I have never dated a man who, and that's not just not by choice, like who's come from a two-parent household.


I, I haven't, I've dated, I've been in three relationships where all the moms were deceased You. know what I'm saying? And it shows greatly in the men Do they have mommy issues. It Shows differently. Like Rome, Rome was the first one Mommy issues to this day. You know. And it also goes off of how he treats women than it was another dude. You. know what I'm saying? Wayne don't have his mother neither. That shows greatly in him as well. You know. He just don't have the same issues that Rome got. Then the dude I took on the show, the guy before that I dated Chris, like yeah, he, his, he lost his mother too. And it shows that he didn't know how to give affection. It shows in different ways. You know what I'm saying? So that was the first question I asked Chris on a date where your mother You know what I'm saying?


To know your mother and Yeah. And it definitely shows now he didn't have his mother and his father, but his mother and grandparents raised him You. know what I'm saying? So it it, it is a difference. But you don't go picking and choosing like, oh, if do you come from a two-parent household because listen, you can be effed up and come from a two-parent household. 'cause it was an unhealthy balance. Your mom was doing something to your dad or your dad was mistreating your mom or something like that. So you can't just say, yeah, this is what I want. This is what I'm gonna get. And, and it's gonna be a great relationship because this person comes from a two parent. But it has to be something lacking. Right. If, you don't have two parents in the household or you're not raised by both of your parents.


It has to be something lacking. Right. Regardless if, if your mom is not in your life, there, there has to be some emotional, some sensitive side that is lacking. And if your father's not in your life, there has to be something there as well. Right. Has To be. And very much that that that true doesn't have to be true, but like say but say If you, you got two parents say If, you have two parents. Right. And one of them don't know how to be a parent You. know what I'm saying? So it's kind of like you still lacking like it don't, it, it just depends on how you parent, how you come up You know what I Mean? Yeah. Number one, I don't know why we listen into that young woman because she didn't come from a two-parent household herself. Okay. And And I would think that it's, it's, it's, it's more so about the relationship that you have with your parents as opposed to just coming from a two-parent household.


You've been saying that just like, yeah, you can have both parents and those two parents could be effed up. They might not have instilled anything good in you. Yeah. Until another point you made Jess, the two-parent household may have been dysfunctional. Correct. You might've saw those parents arguing all the time. Fighting all the time. So it doesn't matter, If, you come from a two-parent household. It just comes, it matters if the person that's raising you is instilling good things in you. That's it. That's Right. I don't think she was coming from a place of, of how you are raised. I think she was coming from a place of, of what you're possibly missing by not having both parents raising you and maybe You know. 'cause I do feel like If, you don't have both parents in your life. You have to be missing something. Something has to be a lot.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while vitri on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. All always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with Draftking. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms Gov.


If if both your parents are not in your life, maybe, maybe not. Well we have Vivian on the line. Vivian, good morning. Good morning. Hey, what's your opinion, Vivian? Good morning. Good morning. My opinion. Good morning everybody. Hey Jess. Good morning. My opinion is the young lady man has been saying man raised by a father and a mother. He have may have seen a woman being treated well by a man on a daily basis, whereas a man just raised by his did not see how to treat a woman on a daily basis. Mom. Not about being raised by a wrong in seeing a woman being treated as well on a daily Basis.


But don't you think that's a generalization? Because it could be the flip side. You could grow up in a two-parent household where you saw the daddy treating the mother bad or the mother treating the dad bad. Thank you. That's that's true too. Ab abso absolutely. But I'm just saying from her perspective, maybe what she was saying, I don't know what was in her mind, but when I heard her speak, that's what I, that happened because that's what I grew up with A two parent house. Who? My Dad, my mom. Well, Well, lemme ask you a question, Vivian. Should we be listening to that young woman being that she didn't come from a two-parent household herself? You know what? I think the fact that she did not come from a two household lets her know what she wants. She knows what she parents want. That's true too. Because of what she hasn't experienced. But that's my point.


What's That? Thank you Vivian. What she's pointing out and others saying they lack because they didn't come from a two-parent household. How come that don't apply to you young Lady? Well, I mean, maybe that's what it is. Maybe she sees what she, she's missing and, and doesn't want to date somebody that does not have the same things that she lost out on. Mm. You know what I mean? Actually part of she said she was very confident. She said no, I was raised by a single mother and like, basically like she was turned, she turned out great. But a man who was just raised by his father, she don't want that no more. Mm. Yeah. I don't like that. She Want you, you have to have, yeah, she was saying like her mother did great with her like You know what I'm saying? That's how she positioned her Until you talk to the men that date her and they be like, oh hell no. She all, I never did. Hello Kim.


Hi. Good morning. Hey Kim, what's your thoughts? My thoughts is that I don't find anything wrong with it. I feel like it's always a problem. The women say we wanna do better. If this young lady has experience with dating somebody from a two parent household, why? Why are we not living by that mantra? You know better. You do better from experience dating anybody, man or woman coming from a single parent household. It's a hassle. It's a hassle day in me. And I came from a single parent household. Yeah. Just a mama or just a daddy. Which one? Just, just a mother. And my mama was a piece of work. I don't stand a chance in a relationship. All I heard all my life is I made call.


I'm good looking because I'm from all time. You got a man now? No. Are you looking for are are you, do you have that? Do you I'm for a man. Ain't nobody gonna with this and mother an alcoholic. See, I love people that know they self. She said ain't nobody gonna deal with this. Yeah. See, I wish I got a bunch of homegirls I wish would look in the mirror and say the same thing. But, but you see, ain't nobody gonna deal with this. But you see what she Said? I'm no one up here right now. Who? Nothing. I'm sorry. Damn. I I I got a little too carried. I see 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We were talking from the Facts and Law podcast.


A young lady was on there yesterday and said she would never date a man that came from a single parent household. This is what she had to say. I'm Not dating a man that does not come from a two-parent household. I don't care what race you are. You came from a two parent household. No, but I'm And I'm gonna explain to you why there's a big difference with the man who was raised with his mother and father versus a man who was just raised with his mother. And I had the pleasure of marrying a guy who was raised by his mom. And I dated seriously. A guy who was raised by both parents is a big difference. And coming from a household where I was raised by my mom as a grown woman, I'm telling you it's the difference.


So we're asking what's your thoughts? It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about this woman that was on the Facts of Law podcast. She said she would never date a person that came from a single parent household. And we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Jess, you said it, it doesn't matter.


No, it, well, it, it, it just depends. It, it doesn't matter. And we can't necessarily say, well that's better. Or those relationships where a man came from a two-parent household are more successful. Like any household can be Toxic You know what I'm saying? Yep. Like any household, like look, let's just take like, let's to be honest, right? The Jackson five, look at their mom and look at their dad You. know what I'm saying? Two part household. Joe wouldn't even be letting his kids call him dad. He was beating them and doing everything Right. You know what I'm saying? Like it was a lot going on there. Then that's less. And then see I think when people feel like when they think of two parent household, they think of one like, like the Huxtable Think the Cosby Show You know what I'm saying?


The Cosby Show. Yep. Like they think of that. But no, you have so many different types of two-parent household variations. Yep. She don't Know. Yeah. Yeah. She should have worded it better. She should have said, I, I'm not dating anybody who didn't see a healthy relationship growing up You. know what I mean? There? Like that's what she should have said. But You know, even with that, You know some people who don't see a healthy relationship go the complete opposite. You know some people that don't, they didn't have a dad in their life. Wanna make sure they in their kids life even more because they knew what that feeling was. So that could be wrong too. I think this whole conversation we having is exactly why you shouldn't generalize. Right. And that's what she did. She generalized like there, there's no one way to do any of this. Right. Nicole, take us off Bluetooth for speaker please.


Can you hear me now? Perfect. What's your thoughts mama? I just wanna say good morning everyone. Also, I feel like a family background is just important in general. Not whether you come from a, a single mother or a single father or a two parent. I grew up in a two-parent household. But I feel like the way you see your parents portray love in general is just gonna be how you portray love. So I think just the family dynamic in general is important. That's Right. Okay. Well thank you so much. Thank you. Hello, who's this? Andrea. Andrea, good morning. What's your thoughts? I agree with the, with the comment. What comment? The comment about coming from a two-parent household.


Oh, what the lady said. Why do you agree? Yes, I agree. I come from a two parent household. To me it's structured better, especially when You know the dad's involved. Discipline is better. So I completely agree. Okay, well thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Tom. What's your, what's your comments? What's your, what's your what what do you think brother? Hey foremost. Good morning everybody. Good morning. How feeling Blessed black and highly favored, Sir. Hey, I'm hey. Yeah. Hey. Likewise man. Hey, I'm gonna tell you I totally wholeheartedly disagree with the young lady like Char man. And God said everything he stated was true. The, I can say I came from a both parent household, but then I know it's called manipulation.


But at the same time, when a man grow up regardless and life happens, he decides how to take care of a woman and he knows how to take care of woman based off of maturity. So how can she say that? And then she sounds like a person, and I'm sorry to have to say sound because I haven't seen her and not going to see her, but she didn't even come from a two-parent household. So how can she be relatable to that scenario? Right? And then she meets another guy that happened to be opposite of the first guy. But here's the deal. Who to say he didn't lie to her? And he just understands the mission. Maturity happens. You start understanding the mission, how to take care of a woman, how to keep 'em secure and make sure they stay fed, guide them as a king. And then after that it's successful.


So what she's saying is she just happened to meet somebody else that was better than the others. But then how does she relate that? And how can she put that on a scale if she never met both parents? It could just be hearsay. That's real. Thank you brother. Well, I'm going to the stream You know we do go live. So I'm gonna read some of the people on the live. Let shout to miss underscore candy four. She says there are a lot of two parent households with verbal abuse, physical abuse and infidelity. Anyone can make change in their lives for the good of any relationships. It depends on the actual person. That's a fact. Somebody else said a two parent, not so much. I think a man having a good relationship with his mother is more important. That's Right. That's, that's what I said earlier. It is just like, it's about the relationship that the child has with, with, with, with the parent, the single parent or whatever.


'cause you can come from a two parent household in that two parent household could be instilling a whole bunch of nonsense in you. Yes, that's Right. I see. I, I am she KIAD. She says, I know men from both one parent and two parent household. That's both messed up mentally. So she's saying it doesn't matter. Another woman says, work out with butterfly. Good morning. Workout with butterflies. She says, I don't agree. It's up to that person to grown up the right way in adulthood. It doesn't matter. I see somebody else says two parent households don't mean nothing. A lot of two parent households involves abuse. That's Right. So what Is the moral of the story Guys? Moral of the story is stop generalizing everybody. Be generalizing. They'd be getting on these podcasts and just getting on platforms and just doing these broad generalizations.


If that works for you, If, you want to dis date people from a two parent household, cool. But guess what? Young lady, you don't even come from one. All right. So what's wrong with you? Let's start with you man. What's your problem? And what about the people with no parents? I know they like, hold up. Yo, Can I get in this conversation? You stupid You. know what I'm saying? You know people in foster care that's been raised greatly. That's that hasn't been People, parents who died. Yeah. Yeah. People, parents who died and it's like they didn't, they they didn't get to be raised by You know finish being raised. So it, it just depends. Yo. So yeah, generalization is crazy for this Ones raised by their grandparents. Right? You know what I'm saying? What if my parents didn't want me? And I ended up getting raised by my grandparents.


Then what? Or or my Or you had, you had your baby young and the grandparents helped you out until you Exactly. Together you go happens all the time. Yes. It sound just like a celebrate movie. Yep. Alright, just The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same if y'all talking about it. You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club If. you just joining us is we're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy? Now we will, we will all say behind the scenes. I feel like If you, if my friend has an enemy, I have an enemy as well. Yeah. It depends how far it goes. Like if it's some stupid petty ish, then that's something small. Right. But if it's something serious where somebody tries to, to hurt some something in your, you or your family or try to take something for you or try to stop the way that you eat or try to destroy your life, your career. Nah, we, we You gotta show me how serious it is though. 'cause Jess brought up a good point earlier when she was talking about her and Sheena and she said you and she, you and the girl used to fall out all the time. So she ain't even think nothing of it.


I gotta see something. I gotta see a fight. I gotta see this. But if The girl posted Jess's stuff online, What if I ain't see all that? That's just best friend we talking about. What are we talking about? You know everything like You know, not you talking about You know my best friend. Like come on You know everything you, because she was like, I seen it. I didn't think it was that serious. My baby, it was two of my numbers and my address. That's where my son lay his head at. What you talking about? That is true. You know that is true. Like so Yeah. Yeah. Me and the girl did fall out, but she ain't never do nothing like that You. know what I'm saying? And then that's, that's why I haven't seen her till that day. Let's go to the phone lines. Bria. Good morning. Good morning. Hey Bria, we're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy?


Absolutely. You wanna elaborate? Absolutely. Yeah. So if you're not friends with someone, I know why you're not friends with them. Why am I hanging out with them? Why am I giving them conversation that's showing that I'm un lawyery to my friend? That's right. Okay, thank you mama. There's nothing to talk about. Hello? Who's this? Devonna. Hey Devonna, we're asking is your friend's enemy your enemy? I Guess it depends on what type of friend she is. Who Juan? She might just be a regular friend or she might be my best friend. If it's my best friend and it's her enemy, then absolutely my enemy. It's her enemy. But for the most part, if it's just some random beef that they got, then You know. And me and the other person might have a good accord. And, I can't say that. But I can't speak for also if they get into an altercation then I'm gonna be on my friend's side 100%.


Okay, thank you. You know what it is man. We all get to a certain age where we know we can't beat nobody up no more. That's really the problem. Like when you young, you can just run down on people beat 'em up. But then you get to a certain age, you like You know you can't beat nobody up and it's frustrating You know what I mean? Yeah. Well I'm not dead yet, so No. Yeah, you not old though. I'm I'm, I'm I'm d I'm like headlock mode headlock. I was Ready. Say you not dead yet either. I don't know why y'all wanna be so old up here on this show, but No y'all can, you can y'all both work out y'all both You. know what I'm saying? Y'all, y'all fight probably maturely but still Maturely y'all. No, that's true because I think about what I'm gonna do to a person when I see him I'm like You know what? I'm not gonna hurt that person.


I'm gonna like put him in a headlock, give him a little nugg You. know what I mean? I might grab his ear, twist it, You know That's dumb. I'll just push him. Just push him. Like come here, lemme talk to you You know That that is so Good. Poke him like the Pillsbury Doughboy poke him all in his stomach. Come here. Come here man. Lemme talk to you. That's yay. Like what are we talking About? Hey, good morning. Come on girl. How you doing? I'm doing great. How are you? Good. Blessed black and highly favored Is your friend's enemy. Your enemy. So it definitely all depends because if my friend is doing something dangerous, for example, my brother was murdered by his friend and had he known that this friend had this envy and jealousy about him, he could probably still be alive today.


So it all definitely depends. If your friend is doing something, they're not trying to take responsibility or do something about it, they need to stay away from them. And you need to let other people know about that so that they don't get cross you because somebody could lose a life. Can I tell you Aren't just something regular anymore? That's an actual relationship. So you need to take it seriously. I agree with you Queen. But man I'm gonna tell you something about us as black people. We say the most traumatic thing so effortlessly. Like what? Like exactly what she just said. She just said it so effortlessly like it was nothing. And you hung up on her like it was nothing after she said something traumatic. Well we Just, The ain't no you just, you ain't even give the girl no condolences. You just hung up with the woman. I wanted to have a conversation with her about this traumatic experience.


You just told her And I was talking about She, sorry, my brother. You see that Jess? Yeah. Envy just hung up. Yeah, she was telling us like somebody killed her brother behind something like that. So I'm sorry Queen Envy just hung up on you with, with the most disrespect. I don't know why but like I was saying, I just think it's, it's just, we just say the most traumatic things. Like it's nothing So effortlessly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would say it. That was, she was saying we gotta take it more serious. But she was kind of cut off a little bit. A little bit. You mean when Vy just slammed the phone down on her for no damn reason She And. I slammed the phone like the phone. Hey. Hello ma'am. Hello. Were you the one that just called in a second ago?


No. Yeah. Okay. You told us about your brother, your brother that got killed. Oh no, I'm a new person. Oh no, she new. Okay, well since you're here, tell us your trauma since You're here. I hate this phrase Hate I I wanted to answer the question about the friend. Go ahead mama. Answer the question. Oh, go ahead, go Ahead. Okay. So like it depends basically how long you knew the person. Because like my best friend, no matter if she like whoever, she don't like them, I don't like them. But if I knew like the person before I knew you then like You know I, it depends on the situation. I was thinking about that too. You know. Well thank you. Thank you for your call. You hung up on that poor lady. I did hung up Is crying now She not Trying. You hung up on it for no damn reason.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. We got Trey the Truth. Welcome back. Tre. What Up bro? What up man? How you feeling man? How you doing brother? Life been life. I know, I know. You got a lot going on. You wanna start with the BS or you wanna start with the, the positive first. Sound Heavy. I don't want talk about n Negative. Negative. I need, I need the energy from y'all. Right? All right. You know man. So how you feeling Brother Album out right now? Album's doing well. Yeah. Crowd Control. Crowd Control. Yeah it is just You know I'm always trying to add to the catalog and Level Up You know and the Little Homie Moxie pumped me up to do a turn up festival song and it end up turned out to be a whole album.


So You know you Just put out, you just put out Stuck in Motion last year though? Yeah. Yeah but I, I crazy thing is, I, I'm still kind at a, a standstill. I got three more I'm supposed to put out this year. I don't know how. Wow. Yeah. Wow. But they all different vibes though. You know. 'cause I have the Turnup, which is Crowd Control. I got an album called him, which is another kind of turnup. But most Street Dark Angels, just all the pain and everything I'm going through. I think that a lot of people probably can use right now to know the thing. The only ones going through it. And then live from Mars. The homie Mars from LA who do a lot of real production, You know play all the instruments Absolutely. On tour for everybody. It's a whole album with just live instruments and stuff.


So Why you need album crowd control? 'cause it's a festival vibe. You gotta be able to control the crowd. Gotcha. Whenever you touch that stage, You Know. I I wanted to ask you trick 'cause we had my man Sauce walker up here a a a couple of weeks ago and he was just talking about cultural appropriation versus cultural appreciation and he said he feels like an artist like Dre who is in the city so much should do more for the city as far as working with Houston artists. And, I. Wonder what your thought was on That. I think everybody in, in all honesty, it all depends on what point of view. You look at it. And, I think as grown men we all entitled to our point of views. As far as me, I can only speak for myself. You know. I I haven't, I really ain't in tune with what you're talking about.


And me and him aint had a conversation to see his aspect. 'cause one thing I've learned in, in all things is a lot of people can say stuff and mean stuff, but how it come across on the internet of how I come across as pushed out can be some totally opposite. So You know I think until me and him hold a conversation and now you say it, I probably have to go look back man. I really, I've been off the internet man dealing with life lately man. Like I, I had to make myself push this out You. know what I'm saying? That's stuff that I You know. I I legally, I can't even just talk about right now. But it's just You know life of my life man. But what I will say for Houston as a whole though, I'm very proud. You gotta think man. One, we already had the biggest stars, which is undeniable.


You had, you got your Beyonce's, you got your Travis, you got your mes, you got your Yolanda Adams even down to one of the biggest stars that we all grew up on. Felicia, Rashad You know you have people from Houston, but now you have so many You know from the street aspect you have the rejects from the generations after us. You have the sauce walkers, the little Jeremys You know the, the Fast lanes and You know just it it, it is so many different aspects. And then you have a bunch of females coming outta Houston and coming outta Texas. That's raw. Me personally, my mind right now that that I highlight definitely be the rejects, which is you got Big Tony, Cal, Wayne Jack, boy Fast Money, 30 wave Skeet Millie Bucks LaRay.


Hey, hey Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all wheel drive can prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


It's a lot of people and it'd be hard to shed light on names 'cause then you forget people then be like damn. But I think right now as a whole, I think people should definitely pay attention to what we got going on in Houston and then in the game people don't really realize what we give to the culture. When you go to think of Double Cups, you go to think of grills, you go to think of cars, you go to think of speaking of Envy You know he ain't gonna think the car is the best ever Houston. It is. Even when you go to think of Trap Soul, that's all a form of what Screw used to do You. know what I'm saying? You gotta think who don't love Trap Soul right now from Bryson until they like, so I think everybody takes part of Houston as a whole and now we are the biggest goddamn party city right Now.


Now I was gonna say that You know it was New York for a while, then it went to Atlanta. Yeah. But now everybody's going to Houston. How does that affect the city or or or are people respecting the city or or 'cause at one time they were effort Atlanta up during Covid. I mean it was so much going on. They cleaned it up a lot. But how was it, how has it affected Houston? I think it's a good thing man. I think it's a good thing for the economy because it brings business You know people now when they do they trips with they homies or they friends. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We can trips they all going. Yeah, trips went To Houston. The fellas drive out and headed to Houston. Yeah. Yeah. So and then other than that you have people like us who on the front line, we ain't just letting nobody come through there and and tear the town up. That part we ain't gonna do. I think everything for us is, is on the up and up You know everybody have they they spans.


You have different things whether it may be music, sports or whatever. Florida you have that on the west coast. You have it in New York and now even down to the Rockets, down to the Texans, down to the rugby team. People don't even know we got a rugby team. We had our rugby team was number two last year. You know. So we got a whole bunch of different things just as a whole with Houston. And outside of that I'm Frontline for. So everything I represent everybody who except me except in Houston. Right now. When you talk about life be life, right, how do You know that you just ain't doing things to stay away from having to deal with all of that Trey like putting out the music You know frontline and all of the time when there's a a catastrophe in the city, how do You know you just ain't running from dealing with your own Stuff?


What do you mean? As far as me running for my own problems that I may, let's see. This is you with this therapy? No, because You just said said You had to, you said you had to push through to even put the Music out. It feels like you kind of are d doing Deflecting. I can laugh and joke about it only because it's this still my brother, but I know the angle he's going. I don't know. I can't say I'm running. I can't say I'm running 'cause I, I deal with my problems head on. I think a lot of pe what I learned recently, so I did for trade, I did my first men's mental health panel. You know just for people to get up there and just express theyself of what they going through. And man a lot of us deal with a lot of trauma that we probably didn't really Absolutely we didn't, we didn't realize You know.


And I don't think I'm running. I think honestly for me, I I'm not comfortable unless I stay active. Mm. If I sit still one, I get to overthinking two. I just feel like stuff just coming to a halt. So I have to just stay active and even if it's a thousand pounds of pressure, I'm more comfortable getting out of that than just doing nothing. And I could be wrong from talking. I don't know. I mean until that one therapist sit me down and say this what this is then never know. Did you ever find one? I talked to some people through you. Okay. Okay. And. I have, I actually went in that room and sat down. I haven't did that but, but we have long phone conversations and now You know not to get too much into it.


Now I got primary custody of my daughter, so I just introduced her to a therapist. So You know. It's just, it's, it's a lot of different things that I gotta You know. I'm How old your daughter still climbing? Oldest still six. She's six. She six. So how was her talking to a therapist? You know the crazy thing man. The, the time that that that I've allowed her to, to go. 'cause really I, I'm, I wanna find the perfect one. I don't, I don't necessarily know if the person I take her to is the one she should stick with. But I allow her to do her own thing. I, I You know I get out the way and she can have her own conversation and then You know I learn about it afterwards. But I think everything works again. Why was it important for you to You know? 'cause a lot of parents would say, I don't know if I wanna put my child into therapy.


Why do you think it was important to put her into therapy? 'cause it's, it's a good conversation for, for parents to You know. Why why do you think it was like You know? I think this is something that'll benefit her especially 'cause you haven't done it. That's one reason. 'cause I know I should, but then you gotta think transitioning from one home to the next. This is new to me. So I don't know how long that process take. I don't know if that process gonna take a week, two weeks. I don't know if it's gonna take years, months. So the only thing I can do is do my best to support her You know. Because at the same time I have to let her know how much she love. I have to let her know, even though she may be frustrated because You know they kids, they have friends, they have things that they used to, now it's a new transition. So I have to just, I think God teaching me patience in this situation too because at times she may just sit and cry or may say she want her mama.


Like I have to still be over loving to her to let her know, like regardless of what it is, like I'm here. We gonna, we gonna figure it out. I mean if we both got herself here and keep bumping our head, so be it. But we gonna figure it out and your your pops gonna be with you to the end. All Right, we got more with trade the truth when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with trade the truth. Lauren, A lot of us watched you in that like fight with your daughter, like trying to figure out the custody thing or whatever. How does it feel now to be able to, like you said, like you're doing things like putting her in therapy, working things out together, like you don't have to fight anymore, you can just be dad.


Now how does that Feel? I'm not gonna necessarily say I don't have to fight no more, but what I will say is it's a process. You know the crazy thing. You find things that, that we be proud of, that we accomplished and out. All the big stuff I did in Life, You know in the Happiest moment was to enroll her in school. You see what I'm saying? Like stuff like that. She got me out there watching her do Cheerlead. So You know that'd be dad And I. Watch The word Chill. That look. It'd be weird 'cause everybody's staying like, man, that's Trey, but I'm just out here trying to pump up. Do you be yelling in the cheer competition? I can't imagine you yelling. Nah, Nah, nah. Come on now I I'm telling you, I clap at the end.


I'm gonna tell you that I done seen Bun Bunny Bunny. I think Bun Granddaughter is the cheerleader. I love this bunny. I see bunny queen at the events all, all the time. I Love this for you though. I know, especially because knowing what you went through and like You, know what I mean? Like, I, I can only imagine like the enrolling the first day of school. Like what was that like? Y'all wake up early, you go. Yeah, they enroll. So her school starts on the third. She haven't even started yet. Okay. So I don't know what finish her school year. Be hers? No, she in private, so, okay. Yeah, she'll, she'll start in on the third. So You know, wait to see how that goes. But ideally, man, You know it's just a blessing, man. And, I think everything I experience with her and everything that I'm learning is making me a, a, a better me.


Because you gotta also think, man, if when I'm out moving in the streets times that I could get in a situation, I'm double thinking that for my kids more as opposed to just moving off emotion and that. And even speaking of emotion, I had a conversation with somebody being raised in the streets. You would think the way we would, we came up, somebody say something to you. You have to check that. That's just what it is, right? Point blank period. I'm going all out about that. And I didn't realize bro, honestly, I was learning opposite. The strength is being able to dictate when you move because we so used to moving off emotion. That's why I'm instilling in a lot of little homies like, hey, just before you jump the crash out, at times I did the same thing. Like, you gotta dictate when you move 'cause moving off emotion, it feel good for that moment You know what I'm saying?


Then you ever see situations, people like, damn bro, I probably just wasted a whole bunch of time, I shouldn't even did that. Right now I'm at a point of really teaching people You know like, nah bro, we ain't moving off emotion. Now at the end of the day, don't let nobody disrespect you, protect you, your family, everything you gotta do and go all out behind it. Just say, I'm I'm walking in the hall, somebody bump me. Nah, younger me was, bro, what the fuck you doing this one? Like, I fact, you got it. I'm, I'm gonna let you now n do that. And he go to getting disrespectful than he get what he deserve. But for the most part it's like, man, sometimes like some that just don't be worth it, bro. Wouldn't You adopt this mentality, Tre, in the past six months? He, I'm, he got He I'm I'm baby girl, huh?


Yeah, I mean I'm, I'm learning and I'm still a work in progress myself. And again, it's hard because again, I deal with everything head up. So this is a new challenge for me to not really move off everything man. I used to be to the point you say some slick on the internet, I'm trying to find IP address. I need to know where you at. Oh yeah. You know what I'm saying? So now it's like sometimes I have to look at stuff and just laugh it off and it don't be easy You know what I'm saying? And, and I'm sure you can attest to this NB, just how people don't really even know truths about situations and people can form opinions and it's like sometimes you just, you gotta be able to not be bothered. I think that's gonna be my, my biggest, once I conquer not being bothered, I think I, I'm completing what I'm supposed to do.


'cause I feel like God probably got me something real big coming from me and he just like, yeah, it's still, and I'm letting You know it's still, but I got a feeling you still my fuck up. So yeah. I'm finna run you through the ring until I know it's all outta you and you gonna move. Right. You know. Do You regret any of your, your, your former crash outs? Man, that's a good question. I'm speaking about one Specifically. I know you do. Yes, I know you do. And middle finger to you for doing that right now. I'm just asking you. But so it's a double-edged sword. I think everything that I went through in life, good or bad molds my character. It builds me because we have to learn from experiences You know And I. Think on that part. I don't regret becoming who I am.


I don't regret learning what I learned or, or some of the brick walls I hit. Now on the flip side of that, yeah. Do I feel like man, You know what? Some just ain't worth it or wasn't worth it. Yeah, I definitely feel like that. And lastly that, that man, it's a frustrating situation when nobody really knows and that particular situation, what really went on. Yeah. Yeah. One, I don't really talk You know I don't talk, I don't do interviews until I leave the room open for everybody to come up with their own narrative, come up with their own opinion. 'cause I be feeling like I need to explain it for it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? But that becomes the frustrating part because then all in the end, if and when people, if I ever decide to just speak or, or go a certain route and people be like, well damn, I I had this mixed up the whole time for me it's too late at that point.


But the other reason why I don't really like in any situation I go in, I don't break my neck to go try and control the narrative because it's a blessing when you get to see how people really feel about you. Yeah, man, And I was gonna say that. When I tell you I, when I seen how mother started showing how they real, yeah, for me it is two things in mind. One is you been a hater and you been feeling this way. You just wasn't man or woman enough to say what the fuck you waited to a situation happened for you to be like, oh yeah man, You know what this was. You don't really care about that situation. This how you've been feeling. You just didn't about you. Yeah, yeah. You just didn't wanna be exposed for being a hater You. know what I'm saying? So You know all these situations. I think in every lesson that I I deal with, it's a blessing.


But how some of that, but how do You move on now? Because You know Houston's a big place but a small place, right? Everybody intertwines with everybody. So how, how do you move on? Because it's So small. I deal with who deal with me and those who deal with me man that You know regardless if I talk every day or not, they know if they hit me, they can always depend on me. Vice versa. You know because a real friend and a real family, real homie is going to be the one that that'll be there supporting you. Even if it's you against The. World and, and those people, you have to value things like that You know what I'm saying? Because you have people I could see in your face and be like, oh yeah man, it's this and that. And behind your back be like, yeah man, or, or whatever happened to 'em happened. Or real one is behind closed doors or in front like, nah, this I'm, you need anything, let me know.


Because what I don't like in life is watching people cheer, lead and parade to tear somebody down. I feel like when you get the, what you call 'em, the me too crowds, And I don't know if I'm using it right in that sense. But when I don't like him, well I don't either. So that's just all piled up and just You know what I'm, I don't respect that. I'd rather you be on man If. you feel some way, let let that be known. Well, not Me too. Like the cancel culture you mean? Yeah. Well, well I guess so I, that's why I say 'cause I ain't know if that was the way to use it, but yeah, No group thing because it's interesting, right? Like and and from the outside looking in, when when the situation went down with you, with you and zero, it felt like people were taking sides. And I was like, and me, I'm like, damn, people don't like tre like that. I'm A convers To had a conversation after.


Nah, Nah. The thing is, before we never seen each other and after we don't see each other. Like, we don't believe it or not, we never really see each other. I I, I don't think I could tell you once or twice. We seen each other within a eight to 10 year time span. Like we don't see each other at all. If you would've run into him tomorrow today. If he was to call you, would you be open to a conversation? I mean, we grown men. Like he entitled how he feel. I'm entitled to how I do, I'm I'm gonna speak up for mine the same way I would hope he would speak up for his self. So again, I'm telling you, it it ain't no hate on my end. I went through what I went through. I took it on the chin. And I, I kept it moving. You know, like, it's not like we can't be in the same room. I'm gonna be tripping soon as I seen him. Like I ain't really on that type of time. You know. I, I'm a man that is gonna always stand to feel myself and stand on business on what I believe.


But I'm not out here looking for that. Like I'm, I got you gotta realize, bro, I deal with real life situations instead of living for the internet like everybody else. Like I'm trying to figure out what's gonna be the next move with my kids. What's the next move with, with helping somebody else that I'm doing or helping these families or helping some of the young homies out the hood or or helping some with music and business. So it's like I'm not my life. Don't revolve around that every day. All right, we got more with trade the truth. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning Everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Trade The Truth. Charlamagne, how did, how did the, the death of Beat King impact the city of Houston? I definitely think that was a, it was a sad situation. It was an unbelievable situation. 'cause You know how for us, we used to death.


Sometimes you'll see stuff on the internet and you, you'll be like, nah, hell nah. That don't You know. I think that was one of 'em situations that it wasn't expected. Just thinking back, me and him, we really didn't talk much at all. But you can't deny the, the, the presence he had when it came to the club. Like he had a tag. When he had the tag, you would know he had something to do with it. So you couldn't, you couldn't deny what he brought and he stayed in his own lane. 'cause he wasn't, he wasn't trying to make street music. He wasn't trying to do the backpack. He wasn't, he just stayed doing him and You know anybody who stayed doing them and stay in their own lane. You gotta respect it because they didn't all today didn't shift. They did what they felt was best for them. So You know, I felt like it's definitely something that's, that touched the city.


I mean anybody, I'm be honest, any Fall and soldiers we had from the city of Houston musically always impact the city because Houston and Texas alone really support they artists. So You know a lot of deaths. People take it personal. How, how did you and J Col get so close? Man? Oh, we've always, man we've always been close since, since younger man and it, it is crazy. That's why looking at the song that he did trade the Truth and the bele be like, you could look at I ain't even have a beard at that time. I was You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. But it happened right after I got shot. I remember he called me. So that was like 20 12, 20 13? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. So, but I'm saying we was cool way before then.


But I'm saying right after I got shot he called me and he was just like, man, bro, like you got the potential of doing so much. So many people you like, I feel like I want to just take you with me to show you something different. Basically to inspired me and show me what I can, what I'm capable of doing and what I can. And mentally we so stuck worried about how people going to look at us, how people gonna laugh at us when we do stuff or if we going to fail or succeed. And, I think when you get to a point where you not necessarily caring about that, then you can kind of enjoy it. You know, like, like that's what it it me off. When you see And, I don't like even speaking on that. 'cause I hate speaking on other situations, but when Cole said what he said on stage, I was there. The apology.


Yeah. And the thing is, the first thing everybody was was saying was, oh man, he apologized and he scared he doing is like, for me, it pisses me off. Which he honestly in his mind is You know I don't, I don't want y'all speaking up. Like I'm fine with that. And his mind is one, we all's cool and we still are You know what I'm saying? But on the flip side, like that ain't, that ain't his energy. Like he was focused on his album like it and these things, I, I may supposed to say may not. Like if If, you look at his, his tape that came out, the last song was supposed to be Trade The Truth and the Visa. So that's why at the end when I say even if we fall off, we don't, we don't fall off. That was the, the outro but the pre intro for his new album to fall off.


But If, you pay attention to the project. They end up having a, the the record where he went back at him. Yeah. And it just threw everything off. Mm. And And I think honestly within this spirit, I salute him 'cause he his own man. Like I'm not supposed to be keyed up by y'all. Right. And at the end of the day, he got on that stage and he said it genuinely like, that ain't my energy. Like bro, I don't feel good about that. 'cause that's not like he wasn't offended by the that was said. It was more keyed up by everybody making them go. Then Only thing, the only thing I I didn't like is I think Cole and Cole fans fought for the last couple of years to prove how nice Cole is and how busy Cole is. And they had so many different complaints. Oh, Cole does his own beats. He should do different beats and Cole should do more guest appearances.


And I just felt like he was doing that and he was shooting down everybody that he was doing songs with. And it was just, it was glad to hear Cole, the way I heard him when growing up as a kid is Mixtape Cole. And then I just felt like that whole situation just kind of paused that, that, that made me upset. Not to me. 'cause you can't take away what a person was already doing. No You Know. But you haven't seen Cole in a minute since he kind of did back off a little bit. Yeah, he, he fell back in When I heard that brother say he, he hadn't slept good. He was sleeping good for 10 years and that was the first time in 10 years he didn't sleep good. That's all you need to tell me. You gonna let don't, because he is busy and a lot of times people don't understand respect that. Now what I will say is I'm not, we ain't gonna go in depth, but just don't get fucked up. His album coming and when the album come, it is probably gonna shock a lot of people.


So I remember what I tell y all the time. A lot of people form opinions on things and they don't fully know Got situation. That's right. You know. Now Did you audition for Bad Boys Four or they just called you Martin? You know Martin and them my brother. So You know my, my cartoons that I always do. Yeah, yeah. I have a partnership with Martin. So You know, of course we were, we were That's for the one Trey on Tuby, huh? Or is it That's the different cartoon. Which One? That was beforehand. Okay, got you. So we were getting ready to, to put it out man. And we had, it's crazy, like I can't go in depth, but just we had big writers, different stuff with us Covid hit. So that's it. It messed up any and everything possible.


So then after Covid, we was back on it, then the writers and the active strike came. So it was just like, eh, so in the midst of that's still going, Martin called me and it was actually the last day or two days that they was filming Bad Boys For and ended up having me come out and get in it. Now that's a new process of me understanding well with the major movies because they have so many different versions, then they had to cut it down to where it's crazy I'm in a trailer. But in the movie they ended up cutting the movie down. So they took some of the scenes out, which I don't know if You know when it come out to streaming services if it, if it go back in or what it is. But for me it was just a dope experience.


And that Trey, you see across The World, you see me all in it You know what I'm saying? So, and Martin Martin, my brother, his whole, his whole family is my family man. They real support of everything I go through. Good or bad. Well, let's get into a joint off the album. What you want Hear you wanna play Trey Happy?


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart to Roger P. Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Man, I have you gonna Play Fires. I that's definitely where we at by You gotta do the dance Though. You gotta do the dance If, you don't, I dunno, I wouldn't know how to dance. I man. Well let's get into it right now As fires featuring little Yachty, it's trade truth. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning Ass Charlamagne. Some donkey days just sold themselves. Have been watching Charla Man was ready. Forkey Donkey. I never heard Old Donkey other day. What is it? Donkey? Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Donkey. You're a donkey. Donkey. Everything. And the same is true Donkey today goes to a Chicago man named Mohamed work, who I think I pronounce his name right, soon as everybody in Chicago.


Now this is a very interesting story to me because a motto that I live by is something my grandmother and mother always told me. And that is man as well take you where money won't. I believe that wholeheartedly. I think that it caused nothing to be kind. And people will always remember how you made them feel. Okay? People will forget things you did. They'll forget things you said, but they will never forget how you made them feel. Remember that? Okay? When I tell you this story, I tell all the youngs around me, all my nieces and nephews when you working with people, but you want to be said about you when you leave them that you are a pleasure to work with. Because once again, manners will take you where money won't. That's right. Bad manners, close, open doors. Good manners will make you matter in life.


Your manners. Open doors that You know your beauty can open and and buy you things your money can't. Okay? And this Brother Muhammad work who clearly believes the same. See Muhammad is a bank robber, ladies and gentlemen. Yes, I can confidently call him a bank robber because he robbed two banks. Okay? Once is a coincidence. Twice is a pattern. And he did it twice, but he didn't just do it. See, he walked into one bank with a note that said pay it back soon. And then less than 72 hours after he was acquitted of, and this was less than 72 hours after he was acquitted of committing a similar bank robbery. Okay? Gather around. Let me tell you the story. See, two years ago, Mohammad work who walked into a local bank and pressed a note against the glass that read, gimme the Money, please, thank you.


And he left with $595. He was found about a half hour later with about a hundred dollars less in the note that said, gimme the money, please. Thank you. Still in his possession. Okay? But let me tell you why our court system is flawed. Because in court work whose attorney argued that even though he committed a crime, it did not amount to robbery because she said robbery involved stealing something by forced or intimidation. So his attorney, married judge claimed there was no implicit or explicit threats of any kind. Who knew you could go into a bank? Just be nice. Just be polite and ask for what you want and you shall receive it. Well look at this If you have ever been refused credit or a loan? All you had to do was be nice If, you got a history of missed payments or possible fraudulent activity on your life.


Don't worry about it. You can still get a loan. Just smile and say, gimme all the money, please. Okay? And by the way, a jury agreed with his lawyer work who, who's 31 years old, was released from custody this past Friday. So on Monday afternoon, armed with his new knowledge of the judicial system, empowered by the fact that he didn't do anything wrong because he was nice about it. He then walked into another bank and handed an employee a note that said, please give me the money, I'll pay it back soon. Bankers gif, yes, GIFE. I don't know if he was trying to spell give a gift, but he said, bankers gif, G-I-F-E-I. I don't know what he meant. Was it gif? A gif give anyway, bankers gift me in advance.


Well, it worked again. And the bank teller gave work who more than $2,000 and allowed him to walk out before calling the police. First of all, drop on a cruise bomb for that bank. Tell I'm so glad you didn't try to be a hero because that bank ain't dying for you. Okay? Chase is simply the name of a bank. It is not an action you should do when someone robs one. Okay? Just let them walk away. Now let me continue to explain this story. The teller described work who is wearing a surgical mask, neon green gloves, and a neon green winner. Cap investigators later found surveillance footage of a man wearing, guess what? The green hat, the gloves. And buying clothing in a backpack at a nearby target store. So they arrested him just about half an hour after the alleged robbery with $200 less than what he had been given at the bank.


Okay? You know how I know Muhammad doesn't think he's committing any crimes because in both cases he didn't try to get rid of any evidence, still wearing the clothes he committed the crime in still holding onto the note that he used to commit the crime. And now he is set to be charged with both bank robbery and bank theft, which do not require force or intimidation. His lawyer who got him off initially married, judge says that this is a more appropriate charging decision. In fact, she said because of the jury is not guilty. Verdict. I believe the government is now charging both bank robbery and bank theft in a case where there is not evidence of force or threat of force. Hmm. I think they have to throw the book at the man simply because you have to make an example. Are you gonna have a generation of polite or well-mannered crooks, right?


Thinking they can get away with crimes simply by saying, please and thank you. And that's not how any of this works. Because here's the thing, people judge others on how they act, not what they say. Folks can say anything, remember what I said earlier? People will forget. You know what you said. Okay? But they won't forget how you made them feel. You have to follow that up with actions. If. you have mannerness and you say please and thank you. But then do something foul. That's not good. Mannerness okay? Having good mannerness, being polite, helpful and respectful. The others shows you have self-respect. But robbing someone after you say, please and thank you shows you do not please give Muhammad work. Who the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons The doggy of the day.


It's kind of like when folks say, no disrespect, but, but I think instead of saying no disrespect, you should just be like, please, may I disrespect you. Please, may I please disrespect you. I'll apologize for it later. No, that's what it feels like. Mm. All right, well thank you for that donkey day. Yes. Alright. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building, The legend. Bruce. Bruce, what's cracking baby? Welcome. How you feeling? Everything's good. Everything is good? Yeah. Now, this is the first time Bruce, Bruce has been on the show almost And.


I. Wanna You know when, when sometimes when, when somebody comes for the first time. I wanna start from the beginning, right? Okay. Now I know your story 'cause I've been studying you, I've been following you. But for people that don't know, how did Bruce Bruce get into comedy? And. I want you to explain your job before comedy. Well, You know, I used to be a chef. I can cook like a mug and You know everywhere I go. I used to always be funny. So I hired this guy one time I was running a barbecue restaurant, old guy. And he said he used to watch me in the kitchen when I first start, when he first started. And he's watching me, he said, you need to go, you need to go on stage. And I. I ain't paying attention to it. He said, I'm gonna bring you something tomorrow. He brought me this album, You know back in the day you had album, he was a comedian, but he was ex-Navy. He was an alcoholic. He said, don't waste your time on this job, man. You need to go on stage.


No, what I did, I quit. 'cause I had a family. I was young, man, had three kids. And man, I went and started working for Frito-Lay potato chips, selling potato chips. And the whole time I'm selling potato chips. And on the doc, I'm just funny acting crazy. So good old white dudes. So You know you need to go on stage. And I, see you here every morning. You know what, I'm white out. You go on stage. You funny. I look at comedians every Friday, Saturday night, You know and he ain't going stay. And when I took that step, man, it it, I knew that's why I should've been my whole entire life. And what made me take that step. I was going through a divorce and my ex-wife said, you'd never make it. Why'd she tell you that? Eight? So I just looked at it and say, I see you on tv. Dang You. know what I'm saying? And it's been gone. I've been doing it now 35 years.


Now you also mentioned that you, you were an only child. Only child. Your father left at the age of five. Yeah, He was four or five. He was in Air Force and he was a medic in Air Force. And he was a, he flew choppers in airplanes. And when he, when he got out, he was an anesthesiologist. Now, Was it important to, to mend that relationship before he passed or did you Yeah, I did. I did. Wow. My mother said my, I just wanted to know. I remember him and my mother said, what you looking for him for You know, because they be mad. But my mother really ran him off You, know what I mean? She just, what ran him off. And she was a monster man, You know what I'm saying? Did your dad show you that? Oh no, I just saw, saw, I saw You know what I'm like, man, this dude is cool. He was really cool. You know, but she like, I, I don't want to You know everything he tried to do.


She just knocked it down like now. But she was listening to her girlfriends. That's why I tried to tell all these young girls, don't listen to no woman that ain't got no man. That's right. You understand what I'm saying? If, you got a woman, If, you got a girlfriend, you got a husband. She know how to treat a husband. But a woman that don't have a man, she can't tell you nothing. But he, I mean he just, he left and he never ever called us ever. And my mother didn't even know she was divorced. He did a non-tested divorce because my mother just worked come home, never went anywhere. So when she said, I I think I'm going to get a divorce. And when she went to do it, they said, you already divorced. You know uncontested. You put it in the newspaper for 30 days. You don't answer the ad. Bam. You divorced. I did not know that he was already gone. He, he was gone. Oh, he was gone, man. I got married three more times. And I found him when I was like 40 years old.


So he knew who you were. He knew he was successful. He exactly knew who knew I was. He knew exactly what I was that look alike. No, my son looked like him though. My baby boy looks just like him. But it's funny how it dip over You. know what I'm saying? But we, I met with him and we talked and we stayed in touch and he ended up passing away about 17 years ago. My mother passed away 14 years ago. Wow. Yeah. Did you and your mom ever have to talk? Did you ever have to say to my mom it was you? Yeah, she said You know I was wrong. I, she said I didn't care. She said, but I had other boyfriend You know my mama fool around. See, parents don't tell you. They try to tell you do the right thing, but they'll do the wrong thing in front of you You know what I'm saying? Those old dudes used to go with named Dave You know had platform shoes with taps on them. You remember Platform. He had taps on platform shoes.


He come up the steps, clock clocker, how your mama doing? And then he'll tell me, Hey, come here. Lemme give you a few dog. Go down and get you a Coca-Cola You know something like that. I know what he Finn to do finna get some tail You. know what I'm saying? So he gets you gets the potato to I run right out the house. You know, I know what he finna do. I want no food You know what I'm saying? But he was cool. He was cool to me. He treated me very nice and, but she had this one boyfriend. She's crazy about, I don't know what's up with women with this one dude that they like and he ain't nothing. I mean man, he wasn't nothing man. He Dogg my mama, man. He was, he was married. She didn't even know he was married. Damn. He's over there. He's over there every day. Every day eating. Yeah.


Yeah. God is a good guy. You know how to joking me. Yeah. God is a good guy. And I tell you what happened. When I was in high school, four of us used to hang together and we saw him in his truck. And my buddy said, man, that old your you mama boyfriend with your mom? I said, no. I said, that's my mom boyfriend, but that's not my mom. It was another lady. So I got out the car, looked at him and said, Hey, You know I see you. Right? He said, oh hey, how you doing? Played off. Come on to my mom house. I told my mother, I said, I seen him with another woman. He looked me dead in my, he said that was not, he did not see me. And, and my mother believed it. Damn. The reason she believed it because I didn't like him. So she just kind of figured, I made up a story about him and she let it go. But it took her girlfriend or hers to see him say, I saw that dude with another woman You.


know what I'm saying? And it took her to tell. Then she dated him like 16 years. Man, damn And, I ought tell you my mother, I don't wanna get married. I don't wanna get married. Okay, you don't wanna get married. But this dude's already married so you can't marry this dude. That's right. When she found out, she was like, she was to up. Yeah, I Heard him. And you said your uncle Paul as fired you as far as comedy. 'cause he was the funniest person. You know. Oh man. He was funny man. Okay. He tell a lie. Everybody gotta help him with this lie. Every lie he tell. Did I tell him? Yeah, he told Paul ain't saying nothing. Everybody Help him with this lie. But he was one of the best bakers in The. World. He practically raised Gladys Knight back in the day. And they used to call him the sweet Bread man. And Gladys Knight knew him. His name was Paul Henson Jr.


And he went by the Sweet Bread man. 'cause he was the baker of, in Atlanta, Georgia. He was the man. And he talk about Gladys all the time. But Gladys And I was really raised on the same street. The street was Chestnut Street. They changed to James p Brawley. I was on four 15. She was on like 7 85, something like that. Just right up the street, like two blocks up. Did You know her? No. No. I was, I was a little kid. But she lived that when her first husband You. know what I'm saying? But Gladys a girl. No man. Wow. How were you able to translate your funny to actually make a career of it. But somebody like Uncle Paul who was funny, couldn't, Oh, I don't know. My uncle Paul was just scared to go and say he was scared. See, see, black people back in the day had the skill to do everything, but they were scared to do it.


They had so much fear. So like young kids now, they'll do it. They were like, I don't care, I'll do it. So I just took it and ran with him. Uncle was one of the best bakers in The. World. He went against bakers from France and Italy. You know from England. And he beat 'em all out You know what I mean? Then he went to, he had a cheesecake that he made that was one of the best cheesecakes in The World. And they tricked him out of it and didn't have sense enough to get a lawyer and everything. Gave him like $10,000. They clapping. He was all happy when he But he stole the recipe. Yeah. When he coulda got a hundred million You. know what I'm saying? But just didn't have the sense and the knowledge to do that at the time. Oh, You know. I wanted to know as a child, was Bruce Bruce big as a child? No, man. I was little bit, he used to call me little Bruce. Man, I didn't, I didn't get fat till I got married. I don't know why I got married.


That's what I did. All that, all that kick y uncle. Oh my God. I went to eat it, man. I was just little bitty dude. Just running around, just messing with everybody. I was a little bitty kid, man. But when I got married, I got fat You know. That's what happened to us as black men. We get complacent. We get complacent with jobs. We get a job and it'd be, let's just say Ger Motors, we make a little money. Oh man, that's a good job. I don't care. Nothing about no good job. It's about getting out there, getting it. 'cause it's more than that, than getting a good job. I ain't like that question, by the way. What you mean? I ain't like the questions he asked. Wait, what was Bruce? Bruce Little was a child. Oh, that's hard. Was he, was he a big child? Nah, I Wasn't no fat kid, Man. That's that's what he wanted to think. Yeah. He thought I was fat. He thought I was just, couldn't clap my hands.


He was Little was a child. He was a kid. Little fat kid. Couldn't Clap his hand. Y'all clap my hand. Ta ta ta. But no man, I was a little kid. Little cute joker man. Running around, messing with everybody. And You know, we, we seen to lose focus and that's what happened. You lose focus, you start eating crazy. But now I'm back at it, man. I'm 62 years old, man. Wow. All right. We got more with Bruce. Bruce, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. SI lost my voice. Jet's hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Bruce. Bruce. Now I got a question. What's the most difficult city for, because you're on the road, what, five days a week? Four days week. Seven. Seven shows. I'm row every You know every week. What's the toughest city for you? I'm gonna be honest.


I ain't ever had a tough city, man. I have had some tough crowds. When the comedy clubs hold these people hostage You know, like, let's just say first show is at seven Second show supposed to start at 10. All they let the first show run over. These people come to the show at 10 o'clock are outside waiting. So the, they're pissed, they pissed. You know. So you got really go to work to make them laugh. You know or go and or say something like this, say, y'all have been at work and they wanna be there. They be like, yeah. I said, that's where I feel now. You. know what I'm saying? So you, when you break the ice with 'em, you got 'em once you, you get 'em, you got 'em. But you got to run the clubs on time. And it's hard dealing with us as black people. It's hard to deal with our black people, man. But the white clubs, they be on it.


Bam. Because they realize the money they can make in the short length of time. You Know. You didn't made me think about when it come to doing business with black people and white people. Because I I love doing business with, with, with, with My people. Right. But I don't think we often look at it as business. No, we, it's almost like it should be a personal transaction. Right. It's always a hook up. You want discount. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably because people, people call my manager and be like, me and Bruce go back 15. I don't even know this brother You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. I met him at the gas station and you don't know me, bro. Maybe I come across like, you do know me, but you don't know me. They'll call and be like, we discussed the deal. And he said he would do it for this. That's not true. 'cause I don't discuss money at all with anybody. But they always think it's like a partner thing when it should just be business.


Business. That's right. Yeah. You Remember your best show and you remember your worst show. Yeah. Man, I can remember a lot of them, but they people don't know it. I know it. I can remember my first, I mean, I come off same type of guy. I didn't like that show, but people thought it was great. But I'd be like, I didn't like that show. What Was your, what was your worst show? Because they, they said you don't write things down, it's just off emotion. Oh no. I come out the cup. One time I was in Houston, Texas and I was doing this show. And I was drowning everybody out. And this dude came up and joined me and he was funny. His buddies said, man, go up there. Go up. You know. Go up there and join him. He said, I looked like a pickle jar. You know And I saw laying like, damn, that's funny, bro. You know. I said, I'm gonna keep that You know. He telling me like a pickle jar up here. I like, oh my God, that's funny. But the crowd loved it because I took it so well, I didn't go off You know.


I I, it was really funny when he said it. And the best show I ever did was years and years and years ago is when Bernie Mac was red hot. Bernie Mac was super hot. And and it's a, it's a part of Georgia called Macon, Georgia. And it's about an hour from Atlanta. And Bernie was performing, had a 5,000 seater. And the feature didn't show up. And the guy said, Hey man, my feature didn't show. Can you come down here and open up for Bernie Mac? I said, yes. You know. I had been in the game there about five years. Yes. And I drove down there quick as I could. And I was on stage. And I could remember Bernie Mac had his arm folded looking at me. He said, who's that dude right there? He said, that's Bruce was, he said he's funny. But Bernie went up and ripped it. And I worked with Bernie twice in my whole entire life.


Macon. And then I worked with him in Columbia, South Carolina one time, 8 0 3. That's it. But Bernie was a bad dude, man. And people don't realize when he did, I'm not scared of you on Def Jam. He made that up right then because everybody was coming up. They was having a car, a hard time here in New York. Def Jam. They was giving it to him. You know New York You know you don't hold no punches. You know. And Bernie said, man, I ain't scared of no mother. And he went up and did it. Him and Capri went together on it and he ripped it, man. Wow. Bernie was a bad dude. Was That the funniest comedian you ever worked with? No, man. I I, I know some funny comedians now. Like Tony Roberts is stupid funny. Tony makes me laugh. You know who Tony Roberts is. Hell yeah. Oh my god. Tony Robs told me he he used to dating girl. Her breath was so bad.


Its smelled like a horse's hiccups. So damn. Who think of that. Who? Think of a horse's hiccups. You. know what I'm saying? He makes me laugh. Mike Epps. Mike Epps is one of the dude I trained back in the day. Mike used to be on the road with me. Mike moved from Indiana to Atlanta. I used to take him on the road with me. And then he moved to New York and he called me one day and said, man, they want me to audition for Fridays. And I said, what you waiting on? I said, looking for somebody like you. And he called me a week later and said, I got the part. I said, you're on your way Dee de Dope. That's my man. Now we seen Kat Williams pulled out his chopper a couple of months ago. He did, man. He was firing at everybody. What was your thoughts? 'cause You know a lot of that stuff was, was inside that became outside Conversations. I think Kat just told how he felt, man, and what's been going on in his life for real.


And he just got fed up with it. You know when people, when people dog you out, let's just say this. I used to tell people I had a club in Atlanta, it's called Club 5 5 9. And I used to tell my securities. I said, listen, when you have a altercation with a guy, be careful because they don't forget you. Mm. You don't be forgot about them. So If, you throw 'em out the club, throw 'em on their head and they be like, I I'm not gonna forget that. They won't forget you. That's real key. But you be forgot who that was and you had to go store with your woman shopping. He run up all you, you remember me? You're like, no, you had to be careful. So Ka just went through some things, stuff that he never forgot that was done to him. And he's coming back, retaliating. And he just told it like it was. I mean, there's a lot of different things you could take from that conversation.


But the thing I took from it that I appreciated, it felt like it put black comedy in a, in a, in a new light. Yeah. Like people started paying attention to the OGs like yourself, Tony Robs like, they, I don't know. I just felt like it just shined. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions.


Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo Earthquake has shined the light on the, on the people who've been doing it. And people gotta understand something about Kat Williams. Kat Williams is not a dummy. He is very smart. He's very smart. I don't know if y'all remember when he had altercation in Atlanta with won the Smith If. you ever noticed If? you ever notice he never lost his composure? No. He stood there and drunk his coffee and he was killing her the whole time. And he's just cool like that. He's very smart. He's a smart guy. How did you feel about all these artists mentioning you in their songs? I love it. Were you ever surprised? Did you hear it before when you heard Let Bruce Bruce hit it? They like, oh my God.


I just hate when dudes say it You. know what I'm saying? Like we, I been let Bruce was there, bro. Bro, you, you shouldn't be saying that then Your girls should say it. But not, not me. Not you, bro. Come on. He he said that on the text this morning. Oh my. Did he? Because our producer was like, man Bruce, Bruce is already his, we were on the way in. Yeah. And so he, so he goes, well entertain him then. Let Bruce Bruce hit it. I was joking. It was, was I forgive you. That's what he said. I forgive you. That's inside stuff, man. I just, I just thought it was stupid. Yeah. But he You know. He, I felt, he felt we cool. So he just told me and our and our producer told him that was he was going to hr. Gonna hr. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's gonna be some That breather hot. Why did you do that? Why did you do that? Yeah. Why did you do that? And Biggie Biggie mention you in Hypnotize. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. When was the first time you heard, did he, did you have a relationship with Well, what happened?


I was in Jacksonville, Florida. I'll never forget this. And I wanted to meet him so bad 'cause I was a fan of Biggie. You know man. He came in And I was on stage. Clown And I was joining people. I mean, I, I, I asked to dude it, I said, that shirt silk, because it, I said, is this silk? You iron it too much? You know something like that. He walked in, he said, this dude is funny because If, you ever really pay attention to Biggie. He didn't really smile that much. You know what I'm saying? He just always had that look, this nonchalant look. He smiled on the video when he was on the boat. Remember he was on the boat and he started smiling. Yeah. He said, well put you down for real. And when I heard him, I'm like, what? What was the brew? Because there was a cont. People were debating whether he actually Yeah. Did he say that? Yeah. What was the line? He was like, Bruce, Bruce who do something to us?


Talk goes to us girls. Do us wanna screw us? Who? Me. Poppy and Puff. It was just love. He showed me. He was a cool guy, man. And. I actually saw him smile and laugh because I never saw him smile. He just always had this like heart look. Like You know. He read the fight. But he was really funny. He was funny to be around. So he told You he was going put you up? Yeah. Okay. Okay. So that's how You know it was. Yeah. Okay. I listened to it over and over. I just kept going back. I was just, listen, listening. I just kept repeating it. Listening over on. That was love. That was real love. Alright, we got more with Bruce. Bruce, when we come back, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. We are The Breakfast. Club comedian Bruce. Bruce is still here.


Charlamagne Now outta Def Comedy Jam. Showtime at the Apollo and Comic View. Which one had the most impact on you? Comic view? Def Jam First. Def Jam was the start. Come on now we gotta give it to Russell Simmons. I mean big up for him. Def Jam was good. But when I did Comic View, see Comic View started out as coast to coast. I don't know if y'all remember that. They used to come out to your city and come to a club and film you and then take it back. And DL was the, the host. And he was like, look. Went all the way down to Atlanta at a club called the Comedy Act Theater. And we seen this guy Bruce. Bruce, and then show me And I did the Coach Cole, when they first started. But I never forget the year that I host. It was probably the best year for me that I have ever experienced in my life.


They went from 10,000, 10 million viewers to 20 million viewers when I host. And it was great for me. It was good. I made some money. They gave me money for wardrobe. That's why I dressed in all them suits. 'cause I thought I was a pimp You. know what I'm saying? I thought I was a straight up pimp. Why Do you help so many comedians? Comedians talk about that You've helped some, so many comedians in their, in their career, in their life. What, what gives you the energy? 'cause a lot of people be like, I ain't helping him. 'cause he might get bigger than me. But you, you talked about so many comedians you Have. Oh my god. Yeah. But so many helped me. I'll never forget when I first, when I was in the Cognac Theater in Atlanta and John Will, a spoon came to Atlanta and he looked at me, he say, you got it. He said, you really got it? He say, I like you. So he started telling me what to do and what not to do.


And he helped me. He took me in front his wing. Aldo Ray did the same thing. He helped me in on BET when I, he was my co-host. People don't realize that Aldo Ray was a college professor before he started doing comedy. He was extremely smart. And he would tell me, sometimes he'd say, turn your body to the right a little bit when you tell that joke it'll work better. And I'm like, how is that gonna work better? And it worked better. And then the last of the mohegans who really told me, he say, you won't have to find him and they will find you. His name was Paul Mooney. Wow. The legend. Paul Mooney. He told me that Rodney Winfield. Y'all remember Rodney Winfield? Yeah. My man took me. He say lot of these jungles don't like you just because you're funny.


He says keep being funny. You gonna be all right. You to call me. Do shovels with him. You know. You know. Back in the day, man, somebody say, man, we got show up paying 300. I'm like, let's go You know these new kids. Now you say, man, I got a show for you. How much they paying Hold it player it. You ain't been seen walking by tv. Much less on tv? Mm. So what is you talking about? How much they paying? If I tell you about a show, I'm gonna make sure you get paid. Just that something You think social media helped to hurt comedy? Oh It helped. It charlamagne. I wish I had social media 35 years ago. Mm. Only thing we had was go in this city early, do radio, try to do TV to get people in there. The the social media is a platform that really helped a lot of young comedians.


Now, now veteran comedians like myself, they get pissed because all the new young comedians are coming up faster. I've been doing comedy for 25 years, 30 years. And he ain't been doing comedy for three months. I, I tell 'em like this If, you can't beat 'em. Join. And they're winning. So you might as well fall in the footstep. They are winning. But that's why them young comedians feel like that's why they're asking how much. Right. 'cause of they following on Social media. Yeah. But then the only thing about it, Charlamagne, is when they do get booked, only thing they got to say is what they did on social media. That's right. You got bring out more than that. That's right. You know You got that, that seven minutes you got, oh, it's bye. But what about this other 20 minutes they need you to do. You can tell when a person is bombing because they'll start talking real positive.


You know we need to take care of these kids. Man. You know. Hey man, support these women, man. Hey man, these women need to support, they need to respect they bombing. Like hell yeah. They trying to get positive. That's his favorite Part of a comedy show. Yeah. You know what it is. I like to see somebody try to dig themselves out of a hole when they Bomb. Oh my God. If, you See me laughing really hard. Yeah. It's probably because you up there stinking. Because I, I remember seeing you 'cause I watch you guys all the time. I remember seeing you on Ridiculousness. Right. Chanel West Coast. She made her so mad. You, you was coming. You say, I never seen you on anything. I never seen you rap with. I I rap with Snoop. I, she got pissed. They went into commercial. I think it happened twice. Am I right? No, It was the 1, 1 1 time.


She was But do she rap? I Yeah. Yeah. I think she did. Okay. But I, I didn't know her. But I, I looked at you and I'm like, oh my God. She's pissed. She got pissed. She moved that hair back, the commercial commercial and she came back. She was more calm. Yeah, we're back here. Charlemagne pissed her off. He said, I never seen your nothing. I never seen you but Snoop, I never seen you Too short. I never seen. She was pissed. I laughed so hard at that. That was so good. How Big of a deal is it now for a comedian to have a special? Does it even matter? Well, Let You know. It's funny you said that. Man, uhoh specials are good. I just got signed for a Netflix special. Okay. Hey. And the reason the reason I just took it. I wasn't gonna do it. I was gonna do it myself. Like pivot it, make them buy You.


know what I'm saying? But they offered it to me. We're gonna do it. We're gonna do it, I think around August. So just shoot in Atlanta. No, no, no, no, no. We're gonna go somewhere else. I wanna go somewhere. Somebody think I'm a superstar You. know what I'm saying? In Atlanta. Superstar in Atlanta. No, I'm just average. What's up bru man? You know. You see me in the grocery store, bro. What's happening? But I go somewhere like Chicago or Texas. Oh my God. That's where I want to go in Atlanta. It's my city. I love it. I still live there. And I had a place in LA for like 30 years. LA's just la You pay, they make you pay for the weather You. know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. Everything is just so high. It's just ridiculous. It is. I've got a couple more questions that You know. There's a stigma about black comedians wearing dresses to be funny or having to wear a dress to get to that next level.


What, what's your thoughts on that? Well, You know, I'm gonna be honest with you, man. I did, I did. It's funny you said that. I did a TV show that I take one time, never came out. It's called Bruce, Bruce Bounty Hunters. I was a bounty hunter. I played a bounty hunter. I played a preacher called Reverend Get Money. It was Reverend Get Money. And I played a mother named Mother Marshall, which was crazy. But Mother Marshall was a real lady in my church that I mimic. I copied off of And. I also played a, I did it in Indianapolis. And I did not feel comfortable in that dress. You know what I'm saying? At all. And some people could do it. Some people, if it worked for you, it'd do it. Flip Wilson did it when he did Geraldine You know. 'cause Flip Wilson's show was a variety show, which I love. 'cause it wasn't a black show.


It was a show for everybody. And that's what people gotta understand. But if they wanna dress up in a dress, do your thing. You know. But that's not my thing. Tyler Perry made it big. He he's, he's one of the best. But to me, I love Tyler Perry. But Joe is funny than Tyler Perry, than Joe. Than my deal. No. When He plays Joe, When he plays Joe, Joe is funny. Joe is funny. Yep. Joe have a oxygen tank. Yep. And smoke Weed, smoking weed, coughing, And, I say Thank you Jesus You. know what I'm saying? So when he plays Joe, Joe is the funniest dude. That's just me. I think I Love made, think I living a lot with Joe too. Yeah. I love Madea. But Joe Joe's funny to you. Oh my God, Joe is funny. And see, Back then we, we used to see people in the dresses.


I even see, like when they used to do Men on film, on the living color. It was just funny. Like Yeah, it was funny. I never thought nothing of it. Men on film was the thing. Remember when they talked about Moby Dick? Moby Dick that gets two snaps and a kiss and a roundabout? You remember they The twist? Yeah. Yeah. The twist. Yeah. Why Do you have to say your name twice? I Call. My mom used to call me twice. My momma said, if I call you the third time, I'm gonna kill you. So My mother said, if I call you three times, you going to die today. And my mother was a little woman about one 40. I mean, she was just but loving and knew how to make her way outta no way. Most mothers do. That's why it's always good when you do get successful and you start making money, make sure you take care of your mom.


And one thing you gotta realize, it don't take much like you think it does. That's right. People think like what I gotta do. No, your mama don't want that much. She just wanna make sure she's okay. She's comfortable. And she got a little money. My mother, last 20 years of her life, I made sure she was straight. Didn't pay no bills, nothing. But it didn't take much. But then when your family members found out about it, they started trying to use you too. You know my mom going through something. Well, that's your mother. This one is mine. Well lady, you have it for real. Well lady, you have it. It's Bruce. Bruce. Yeah. We've been trying to get Bruce, Bruce up here for a minute, man. Because You know I've always just respected you as a, as a comedy legend, man. That's right. Man, you an icon. So salute you. Bruce. Bruce, thank you for coming. Respect.


It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning. Everybody. It. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. It's time to get up outta here. Yes. Charlemagne, you got a positive Note. Now the positive note is simply this And I. Want y'all to remember this on this fine Monday. Somebody out there needs to hear this. It's already meant for you. You heard what I said. It's already meant for you. Start accepting and start believing. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done? Hey. Hey. Gather Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig.


Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now, back to the Funk.