
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Guerrero inviting you to go beyond the titles and the accolades of the world's most successful entertainers. Each week we take off the Cape and get real about the inner battles, childhood stories, and the moments that shaped our guests. Get inspired to become the best version of you. Listen to you versus You podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. What's up Jess? Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Hey, Charlemagne is out and it's Juneteenth. What's up guys? Black, black, black, black, black, black. Can we play Sounds of Black since on day on the radio, every single song? Black. Well, he, well, we know Jess Black. Black. We know. Why did he say black? Right? Yeah, because he ain't Oh, you celebrating Juneteenth or just June Juneteenth? Just June. June would just be pride if it was just June, Right? Well, Oh my goodness. Well, today, if you are out and about, we're gonna be all over the place.


First. We are gonna be at American Dream Mall with Honey, baby. We are gonna be interviewing her and talking to her at American Dream for Juneteenth. And then after I'm going to Queens, Roy Wilkins Park, if you haven't got your ticket, get your ticket. It's free so you can pull up, even if you don't have a ticket. But they're asking everybody to get a ticket just so they know how many people are there. 'cause it's gonna be so much fun. Free events, free rides. I'll be DJing in the park and I'm bringing some special guests to perform as well. So I can't wait to see you guys later on. Hell Yeah. All right. Well let's get the show cracking. Kirk Franklin will be joining us this morning also. Chuck Norris. Chuck Morris. Chuck Norris is a walker Texas Ranger. Oh, this is a black man. He's way shorter. Okay. And he, well that's messed up. But he, he is Dr.


Chuck Morris. Right. And we'll tell you all about Dr. Chuck Morris. He might have something that'll save a lot of big backs and we will talk about that later. All right. Since it's Juneteenth, let's play Sounds of blackness. A gentleman called the other day was his name John. I don't know why I thought his name was John. John or Jason begins with a J. He wanted to hear sounds of blackness. I told him today I will. And let's get it on. It's the breakfast local morning. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and Get something. Call up Now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's Up? What's up James?


Get it off your chest, brother. Nothing much. Good morning everyone. Jazzy Jess. What's up? What's up? What's up? Yeah. Yo, I saw this advertisement on Instagram the other day about these sneakers that give, they're for men that gives you three inches of height. They like lifts. And it had me thinking, oh, at first I was like, that's a pretty good idea. But then I thought, isn't that lion kind of like, that is ridiculous. Women with, so That is so lame. Why would you want, why would you want to do that? That's so corny. Why? Why? Why can't we just be happy with what God gave us? Because what if he's like four 11 and he's sick and he's sick of it. He's still four 11 even in them sneakers. And you gonna look extra dumb when you come out them sneakers in front of your, the whatever girl you're trying to impress.


She'll be like, what happened now? Sneakers. That's what I was getting to s that's what I was getting to Char like, like isn't that lion kind of like with women with the weave and the pushup balls and all that stuff? Yes. Excuse me. Yeah. A lot of people use those sneakers and they say those sneakers actually work and you can't tell like they look natural and they even got something else where they put a heel in the sneaker to make you look a little taller as well. Yeah, They look natural until you take 'em off. Imagine you meet the girl of your dreams talking about you. I met this dude, he five, he about five nine. Right? Five 10. Right. And tell you, you take them sneakers off. And then she's like, what the hell Hell clown though. Because it literally just was like out wigs and push up bros. That is totally different. What are you talking About? It's the same thing. No it's not. It's the same thing. You meet this girl, she got big ass breasts and then she take off her bra.


No, the breasts still big. They just not perfect. It is not sitting up like, you know, Just not take on The floor. But to take off your shoes and be like five, five. And I thought she was five eight is disrespectful. That is, I Agree. Or the same thing. You got beautiful hair. You think your hair is so beautiful. Then she put the wig on the, on the side, the same thing. I don't mind a wig. Yeah, That's what I thought. That's what I thought. Same thing. A wig is is different 'cause a wig. It's not like she's trying to pretend that her hair is actually her hair. Yeah. With a wig. You know it's a wig. You trying to act like you will Smith. What you causing Now? I got a freaking jazzy Jeff. And throw your ass up. Right. Jesus. Thank you brother. He don't order them. Hello?


He ordered. He Definitely ordered. He Order every color. Yep. Hello? Who's this? What's up? This DJ rock. A K Mr. Myrtle Beach. What's happening? Myrtle's aing it off your chest. What's happening in the Myrtle? Man, I love Myrtle Beach. Grew up in Myrtle Beach. Man. Man, what's up SLA man? What's happening? What's Happening brother? Like I heard this lady call up like a month or so ago trying to give you flowers, talking about half from you are And all that said, look at man, somebody to call and let Jess know that she a barbershop legend for real. Barbershop legend. Jess, you fine. Lemme tell you what happened, Jess. You remember there was a clip on your Instagram that oh boy, that you did, I think like some your boyfriend woke you up and was like, who is this on your phone or something like that? And you was like, who is this? Who's this?


You had some red panties on in the bed. Look it Christ Jesus. Everybody in the barbershop was talking about that that day. That was so many years ago. Wasn't it? Wasn't it like six or seven or eight years ago or Something? Everybody came in the barber shop. Like, man, you seen that clip with Jeff? She was laying in the bed. Little boyfriend woke up. Everybody was like, yeah dog. Oh Yeah, that was the skit. I was in Miami. That was, yeah, that's the one. And then Jamie Fox commented on that too. Yeah, I remember that Different, You Know what he not lying. 'cause people be in my group chat and they'll be like, yo, my bad charlamagne. And then it'll be a clip of Jeff in some tubie movie busting it open or something first. Excuse me. No, This is not an opportunity. I'm kidding. She group chat led. Everybody in the barber shop saw that clip, man.


It Was like, yeah, Since We talking it hit, it hit my group chat too. I had to block everybody. I'm like, don't talk my, like my sis like that now. And They think, they think saying my bad is gonna be on my bad Charlamagne. Exactly. They think saying that is cool. Whatever. Yo, Jack, You could just Blush. Just blush it. Thank you brother. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. What's up? I'm my, this is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This Ben man, how y'all doing? What's Up brother? You going to your chest? What's up brother? Ben? I, Man.


Hey, I called a couple weeks first of all. Good morning y'all. Good morning. Good Morning. Oh, these people out here swerving. I had to, you know. Hey, you were swerving. Yeah. Don't turn, turn that J ball on you. Nah, These, these, these people out here swerving but they drive crazy in the morning. But J Ball, yo. I called a couple, man. I called a couple weeks ago And I was complaining about my girl and her dog and the dog hair. Right. Oh yeah, I remember. Yeah. Okay, now fast for a couple weeks later. Her mama heal for a couple weeks. Yep. God. All right. Let start off by saying this, me and my mother-in-law, we cool, we icy. That's my girl. I I love her to death. Okay. You know best grandma everything.


But There's a but coming. Yep, of course. But me and her Finn to fall out. Wow. I she is letting these dogs run all around the house. Well Them dogs. Them Them dogs gonna be the death of you bro. You gonna let them dogs let you all The way up? No, I'm gonna be the death of them dog. They ain't gonna kill me. They ain't gonna get up outta here. Damn yo. I come home from work soon as I touch my door. Who meeting me at the door? The dog. The Dog. The dog. I go in the house. First thing I see is, you know you got a little, the little tray table or whatever, you know you pull out for the little kids to eat on and stuff. Yep. It's here. All over the little table.


I'm looking around now. This is my mother law now. I can't say nothing to her. So I'm gonna call and just vent y'all. I'm gonna talk to y'all just like I'm gonna say to y'all, but I wanna say hey later I'm about to send you back to Puerto Rico because me and you cool. But you let me dogs run around house. My lady already told you I don't like this. Like listen, we cool. I love you. But put these got dogs where they supposed to be at in there behind the little doggy gate. And don't let 'em come out until I say so. Let 'em go in the backyard. You going and you ain't never coming back. Are They Chihuahuas? No man, this a a American pit and tule they Gotta stay bro.


You might as well. You might as well just be at one with the dog man. You might as well just cuddle the dog. Pet the dog and let the dog be your best friend bro. At this point, yeah, You can always tell your mother-in-law that ice on the way. You'd be like, look man, they not playing. They knocking on dogs Rico. They knocking on ain. My mother-in-law, I don with like, they don't play with her. Like They, they don't know the difference. They say tell they knocking on doors, you know what Im saying? Talking about they don't know the difference. Tell ice people don't know the difference. They, they knocking on doors. Rico, part of us tell her just for her own safety, she might need to just go back to Puerto Rico before she get mixed up. I ain't Even finna play with that lady. Talk about ice with her. She don't even like to see the pump on tv. Damn. All right Ben. Well good luck brother.


Y'all have a good one man. Alright, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you need to vent and hit us up Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club L Roast is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. Yes. Just lied to me. Just told me Chuck Norris was coming. I did not Chuck, I wish I was ready to get my fu on. No doing all that. I I said Chuck Morris, Dr. Chuck Morris, Welcome Dr. Chuck Morris Doing Dr. My and we still Kungfu. Emini here give you some time to stretch but we can still come fu That if that makes it better.


That's right. Now Dr. Chuck Morris, he's from Philly. He is has the first ever fitness coach of Philadelphia. He wrote a book called Stress the Human Superpower, the Miseducation of Stress. And just behind the scenes was telling us that you got a new machine that makes workout. I ain't only gotta go to the gym one day, but it's like the workout of five days. She Said that's all we need to know is you got a machine one day a week machines. Oh, one day week, 20 minutes for the last eight years. One day week. And he's deliver. Where's the machine? You got it with You? It is downstairs. It's gonna take while. Bring it up. No, but How how much is this machine? Oh, the machine. It is about 58 grand. What? 50 A grand. What is it? Break it down. So In essence we can hold more weight than we can pick up.


Like if I'm taking my groceries in, you can put more on me than I can actually pick up right As human beings. So the machine gives you the maximum thing that you can handle for time. Mm. So it's constantly changing based on what you're doing. So the more you fatigue, the more machine turns it up and turns it down. So when you're done, you've done all you could possibly do. So there's no need for anything more. 20 Minutes, a 20 minutes a session. That's it. One day A week. One day a week. Is it healthy? It's extremely healthy because you first off, you get your whole week back. But do You get your cardio like, 'cause you know they say cardio does your hard weight, Like you doing the stand, like what workout is it? I'm not gonna take you. Okay. If I wanna get real, real, real strong, I'm a power lifter.


Yes. Heavyweight. Maybe three reps. I want to get more like a bodybuilder, lighter weight, 12 reps. Everybody heard of that, right? Yeah. Yeah. I wanna get shredded lighter weight. Even 30 reps or this machine does all three at the same time. Because any one of those you do, you lose the other two, there's no gravity. So there's no gravity. So there is no way for you to get injured and it's giving you everything. So when you say, do I do cardio, what makes your heart bump? Your muscles moving. If a car is trying to crush you, your heart pump real fast. And that's basically what she doing. And I call it the precious. So she's pushing on you for strong and called the precious call it? Yes. She calls the machine Precious from the movie.


Yes. Yeah. Precious. She gonna take a little bit of your soul but she won't give it back. Yeah. Okay. She won't give it back. She don't give it back. So how, how did you hear about this, this product? Because it's a, I'm sure this is something and and you could lose weight with this. Yeah. So every, so every reason why we work out, we get that accomplished literally in one day. If you think about it right now, in every, every other part of the, like your consumer world, everything, you can take a phone from that phone. Even though we get irritated, it's gonna give you real time data from a satellite. Your car could even park itself in Parallel Park. But the gym right now looks like the same gym from 30 years ago. It's the only industry.


So it's just science. We are literally using science in the AI to get people stronger, faster. And then we have a whole nother model that's for recovery and stress. Yes. Like it is, it is game changer. It is game changer because most people don't work out because they say it's because they're not disciplined. Time and discipline and Time. That's not really true. It's not really true. So What do, what do you think the reason is? I think the reason is is because we failed. Our space Failed. Alright. I'm gonna, okay, I'm sold not to do this, but I'm do it anyway. You name me one consumer experience that you can have. Just name one where you pay for it in the result you don't get the result.


And not only will you pay for it again, but you blame yourself. Pick one. If you go to sha if you go to get your car brakes change and the brakes don't work is a problem. Correct. Fitness and wellness is the only space where you can pay me for something. You don't get what you paid for. A lot of people say marriage. Oh My, not my marriage. I'm not, not me. I, I've been married for 21 years. Love you babe. I'm just joking. You messed up Emini here. That makes sense. 'cause you paid for a gym membership. You are there for a year and you don't get the results and you still do it and you don't get the results and you still do it. That's like some of these subscription based flat tummy teas. Yeah.


All of that and all that stuff. Because I get to blame you and then you really think you know what you write. I wasn't disciplined. I didn't stick to the eating plan. Or are they just using bad science? They don't know what they doing. Mm. Just because everybody has a body, they don't mean everybody know the science of how to make the body better. Mm mm So break down the machine. How does the machine work? I come to your gym, right? And I'm like, doc Chuck Morris with a MI want to lose, I want to gain weight. My son plays football for univer ity Miami and he's diesel. I wanna match him, but I don't wanna, I don't have the time to work out like him or the discipline and Look at his arm. Got it. So yes. I'm, I'm gonna look, I'm gonna look down 'cause I feel like that wasn't, that was a conversation earlier.


That ain't got do with me. Go ahead. First thing we gonna do, we're gonna take you through what we call the Gray Matter assessment. It's a system that we design. The gray matter is the part of your brain, your nervous system that controls emotion, motor skill, all that. We are gonna take you through a two hour assessment. So I Gotta put something on my head or just We going, it is gonna be a whole bunch of stuff. We gonna measure your body, your movements, we gonna do all that kind of stuff. Then we're gonna put together a playbook, which is your prescription of what needs to happen for you to get in the best shape of your life forever. To include, literally make your heart, brain and lungs five years younger. And then all you do is show up. So what is the experience like? You show up, you wanna come in, you gonna sit down on the precious, she gonna talk good to you.


You gonna talk good to her? Now sit down on the precious. Is it a Lang device machine or you stand up or is it in water? Like Well, so think of it, think of people listening. I don I'm, Here we go. So think about you sitting into a cable machine if you ever,


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, NA member ft. IC


Been to the gym before, right? So I'm, I'm sitting in a big cable machine and imagine that this cable machine doesn't have pins. Instead of pins, there's motors and instead of pins, there's a computer screen. And we, we changed the computer screen to, to adjust for your, like your range of motion. We're gonna do all of that. And then we hit go. And all you do is push for your life and the machine is adjusting and and adapting to you. You feel like it's the worst thing you've ever done in your life. And it's constantly giving you all the pressure that you can possibly take from every range of motion for every movement. So chest press, leg press, curl overhead, press everything. The computer, the machine, the ai, the pressure is squeezing down on you safely.


'cause the moment you let go it stops. Mm. And 20 minutes. 20 Minutes. Listen, charm. I'm sorry, I'm m I'm mbmb, I'm mb I'm A handsome one. You told me you was gonna get a higher seat from me. I'm gonna tell you, but I'm not gonna tell nobody else. We have to say it's 20 minutes. 'cause if we don't, everybody gonna say be lying because really only take eight and a half. So eight and a half minutes. So, alright. Huh? Huh. Now what about if you wear a wig? Like if you got a wig and your wig is not too nice, how do they put the machine on your head? Oh. Oh, no, no, no, no. The head on your head is just for the diagnostics for the actual workout. It's just weights. Yeah. Yeah. So if it's just so you good Lauren? Just for diagnostics, that means you, nothing won't sweat on your face.


Dr. Mohe don't have a wig on right now. That is her hair and it looks marvelous. And if you can't tell his be is dy well today. So what I was trying to make sure of is That just from my pause. Yeah. But I definitely felt like it was some internal you You feel that? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But there is no wig on. Do you wanna go to the gym once? And that one time was like five days. Well, Dr. Chuck Morris is here. He going to explain how Jess How did you get into this? Like what, what made you want to work out this way instead of going to the gym, you know, every day or three or four days out the week? How did you arrive here Be? Because I really like, honestly want people to, to change their life. I had to figure out what's getting in the way and everybody said I don't have time and I'm not getting results and there's too much science out here.


I didn't design the machine, I just grabbed it and then put together a whole bunch of other machines to make 'em work together. And what I saw was only 8% of the population has a fitness program but it's a trillion dollar business. Like that's, that's crazy. But people said I want to get results And I need time back. So I said okay, well how do we do that? Where do we find that? And that really drove us into this model of giving people their time back. So we want to, I wanted people to say I can do it for real and I'll win. And that took us down Australia, Germany, Singapore, we want searching all over The World for how do we get people to actually guarantee the results and make it happen faster.


Yeah. And that was, that was like the genesis of that. And then the whole stress thing that became, I didn't see that coming. Hmm. So the, like you mentioned the book Stress, the Human Superpower, what spawned that was Tip 13. So 13 years ago, anybody that knew me, I was one of the healthiest PE people that they know hands down period. And I thought I had pink eye. So it was bothering me. It was irritating me, it was bothering me. It's irritating me. I go to my physician, he does a great phenomenal eye exam. You right, you do have pink eye. That was the entire eye exam. Gave me a script. I took the pills. Three days later I'm balled up in the living room floor with blankets and stuff over my head and the most excruciating pain I have ever been in my life.


Hmm. It felt like somebody had like spiked gloves on, twisting down my nervous system. They finally said we gotta get you to the hospital. So they go to take me outside. First time I've been out the door in three days, the sunlight hit my eyelids And I hit the ground. Almost peed on myself 'cause of the pain. They take me to South jersey eye surgeons. I didn't have pink eye, didn't have pink eye. He misdiagnosed me. Mm. I had ulcers on my eyes from chronic stress. Oh wow. Actual ulcers. And his medication that he gave me made him grow. Oh. So I'm the healthiest person that anybody knows that know me. And I had been doing it for a long time And I didn't know that chronic stress had created ulcers in my eyes.


Mm. And that's when I said, okay, we gotta deal with the stress thing. We, because this is crazy. It's killing people. And that's what drove us down the stress and how does the brain work, which became kind of like our, our calling call for everything that we do. So now everything that we do is recovery based on the nervous system. So the fitness thing is super cool because that gets people in the building like hey, okay. But then when they get there, they find out that, hey listen, we gonna get you outta chronic pain and get you outta chronic stress. Yeah. And that's how we actually like change people's lives. How Much is the procedure? So somebody wants to come to the gym. Is there a membership? Do they have to pay per, like how, how does it it work? Is it important? It's not a Procedure. Envy the The workout Program. Program.


Yeah. Okay. Workout program procedure. Yeah. They can get just a recovery thing. Cost 'em about a hundred, 125 bucks just for low recovery session. And then if they want to actually have a membership, it ranges from 650 to 1,250 per month. And They need it once a week. Once a week. Now can you go more than once a week? Are you taking people more than Once a week? Right. We take people more than once a week. Because now your fitness, What should they go? Like why do you need more once a week? Go to your Point. Could do Jesus. So the exercise is done so you, you're not doing any more exercise. That's done the rest of the week is all the recovery stuff. Gotcha. Satic, pain, jaw pain, ms, like all of those, all those other recovery things.


That's what you do for the rest of the week. So my question to you is, so you do that. So you never lift weights, you only do the machine. Yeah, That's it now. Yeah. Last eight years. And how long have you been doing it? Eight. So for eight years you haven't touched the weight, you just do the machine. I do a body weight on Sundays. I do a body weight program. That's it. And then what about diet? Like does diet have any effect on it at all? Like diet does. Okay. Diet does have a big effect on it. That's why we do customized nutrition program with ai, all that kind of stuff. But with that being said, here's, here's a catch. They be messing the diet thing up. That's why it's killing everybody Calories and calories out. Everybody heard that? Right? Cut your calories down, lose weight. If that worked, we'd be the fittest. Like people in the nation, it don't work.


It's not true. It's literally not true. If you take an apple, an apple has five batteries in it And I put it in my body, I don't get to dictate where those batteries go. The calories in, calories out. It's based on a closed loop, perfect system. And that's not what the body is. So when we try to deal with diet, we say, Hey, here's the perfect eating for you, for your heart, for your lungs, for everything. But don't start there. Just don't drink sugar. Hmm. Like we pick little stuff because when you start training and you increase the muscle, increase your bone density and your stress levels go down and the inflammation in your body goes down, you can eat almost whatever you want. Okay.


But don't tell Jess. Okay. I'm trying to get her to to eat clean. Yes. Yeah. The the, the diet thing is I, This morning, oh my god, It was only half. She Could eat half half of a sausage, egg and cheese croissant. But a little bit of ketchup, a little and had ketchup. Some vegetables, just half. It was, she had a, She'd be disrespectful in the morning. Got like crazy. Like That is chocolate pastry. She just getting started though. And raspberry what? Sugar? Every day, every Day. I don't drink coffee. Okay. That's my little, That's the hit. Okay. Sugar. Alright, well here we go. Do y'all work out? Yes. Okay. What's your favorite part? None of it. Why do you work out? Because if not, I'd probably be big as a house.


Okay. I don't know if I'd be big as a house, but a healthy, like I, you know, I do the, I walk on the treadmill for 30, 45 minutes. 12 and a half on three and a half. Then I just do, you know, body part weights. Got You. Nothing crazy. I play basketball, things like that. But how much time a week does that take you? I used to do it a lot more, but I got these two dogs and these two dogs are busting my ass. But I would do it like four times a week. Alright. So in the morning before work, How about you? No, nothing. Not at all. I go to sleep. Okay. Why not, in your opinion? A Wigs heavy? I just don't, first of all, I don't have a wig. Oh my God. I just don't. And also, but, so before I was here more I would do just like walk, like going outside and walking or treadmill. Right? Not because of like weight loss or anything.


Obviously I'm giving, but because I just felt like I needed to be active. Like my body didn't feel like it was moving. Right. But now I don't do anything 'cause I'm doing so I'm working so much. So that's like everybody in the country. But Your machine sounds like it doesn't sound real. So it sounds scary. It it sounds, It sounds too good to be true, right? Like, It sounds like something that like For 20 minutes and then Yeah, it sounds like something years from now I'm gonna have like something going on with myself because I'm, I'm start shaking. Doing the shaking. Listen, That's only because y'all don't know. It's just because you didn't know you. Right. If you knew the science, you might Oh yeah, that makes sense. Yeah. But alright, I'm gonna make it easy. Okay? Make it easy.


You, here we go. Money back guarantee. We've been doing that for 15 years. We've never had to give anybody money back. We money back guarantee. Here's the deal, you give me 60 minutes in the entire week, 60 minutes for the whole week. And if I don't change your life, you get all your money back. How long will it take? I love that question. How long does it take in the gym normally for you? Emini here. It could take weeks. It could take weeks to start. If you had to guess. If you had to guess what, what Would you say? It depends how, how hard you go in the gym. So let's say, let's say you go Normal. It depends what I want to do for You, for you on your normal. When you in your flow, how many, how many weeks do you think it might take you to for you?


When you look at like, oh yo, I see three weeks. Three weeks straight. Okay. Three weeks straight Weeks straight, two and a half weeks straight. Alright? So most people, anywhere from four to eight weeks, it takes somebody to change. I could see my body changing in about two and a half, three weeks. I could see my body. You can See it. Beautiful. Now let's assume just so you had a couple of off weeks. Let's say it takes you six weeks. Six weeks in my world is literally six days. It it is literally six hours. What the hell you talking about? Come on Baby. That's, They just gotta try it, right? You listen, you can't believe it to every, everything you try to do is gonna tell you that it's wrong until you do it.


Do You wanna go to the gym once and that one time it was like five days. Well Dr. Chuck Morris is here. He going to explain how Lauren, if You can help envy with his arms in the next month, I'll be there every day. Yeah, she got a problem. Arms. That's a good challenge. Listen, If he can come in here with a a custody shirt before the summer's over proudly. Some Days he just coming here. We gotta be happy to be specific of what the ask is. So what's the ask? And I want everything. I want everything. This why get alone? This why we get I want. Come On Chris Brown. You look like Chris Brown. Look. Now look, I'm tell you this Right now. Like this. Lemme Tell you I got a rule.


What's That? You don't have to use your powers for good. I'm not responsible for what happened after the super sexy kick in. Look, I'm married, I'm Not kids, but I, I want to rip the shirt off. Like nah. Alright, now if You wanna rip the shirt Off, you will have the mess with you eating. We will, we do gotta mess with your food. Yeah. Michael B. Jordan. That's, that's what I need. Michael B how long gonna take me to get to Michael B. Jordan? Hold on, hold on. How much that cost too. Hold On. We do the math. Carry the one here. Gimme September. September my September. When Your birthday? So my birthdays September 3rd. Virgo season. That's September 3rd. You come tomorrow I'm ripping my shirt off and it better be Michael B. Jordan, period. Woo.


Okay, focus Charlie. I'm sorry. I get excited If it looks like Khaled me and you fighting. I want the Michael B. Jordan. I gonna get you fat. He can't make you fat Yo. But I want the Michael B. Jordan. I'm gonna keep listen, I want the Michael B. Jordan I'm get what you Need. But you really should do that. You know in the barbershop they have the 1, 2, 3. You like, you have one. The Michael B. Jordan two, the John Majors three, the Chris Brown, the four like so black. I want the one. You know what, I like that. Yeah, I'm serious. And we gonna get Lauren to Clarissa Shields. We want her no to look. No, no. You don't want, that's a lot of working out. She's very in shape. Is you keep I just wanna be there real cute. Like let me just come in every now and then. Old model. Huh? You keep looking at the old model.


We doing something there. Oh. 'cause I don't got do as much. Yeah, Well, And I gotta get my hair braided to become All this. No, you gonna do as much. You don't sweat. It's gonna be as much time. No, I ain't say that. Oh, you gonna do as much? Yeah, it just won't be as much time. This is is, Well how, how can people get in touch with you and, and find out more about it. And where are you located? We Are 5 75 Madison Avenue. Okay, But that's between what, What between 56 and 57th and max. Oh, I could walk. All right. Yeah, we right here and you Go, how bad will I be after the first day? Do I get sore? Like your real workouts. First off don't call it don't, don't say that. This ain't a real workout. I Gotta it right there.


The other part of it is we're gonna do the recovery right after the workout. So you're not even gonna be sore. I ain't wanna tell you that because you gonna tell you already telling me I'm lying. Yeah, we gonna do recovery right afterwards. So you not even sore. Yeah, I'm serious. I'm coming tomorrow. Let me see Emini here. Let me see what this is About. I'm serious. All right. And then my last question. Any negative long-term effects? Like it anything that you know? No, because I know people will wanna know that because this, this, this is some too good to be true. Dr. Morris. Listen, Every reason why we work out you getting it done. What I gotta wear Whatever you Want to wear a dress. You wear clothes. I don. So, because God speeded like just go like you going to the gym. I've been in there and I've seen people, like men that have on suits.


I've seen workout clothes. I've seen. Yes. I went in there with a skirt on one time And I was like, oh, forgot. So I had to go put on some leggings. But it ain't what you think. You don't gotta get your hair braided to go do it. You really don't. It's not gonna sweat out. Yeah, no it's not. I promise you I be in in full face of makeup. 'cause I go right afterward. Well Doc. Yep. So, oh, I'm sorry to answer your question. RIG so it's Dr. Chuck PhD or you can just mid or Midtown biohack. Okay, so Midtown Biohack is RIG and mine is Dr. Chuck PhD. I just want to tell you it's the wildest Lauren that the person that found this out is the person that don't want to go to the jail. That's why Lazy Mother that wants to smoke Andrae. And Jeff was the one that found it.


Jerry Was the one necessity. The of all invention necessity. See, God will Use, he will use anybody. He will use. And he used me to bring your to bring you to them. 'cause they needed especially them arms. You gotta get them. Oh my God. Gotta get them working. See, Talk offline. I got a video. I'll show you. You talk. I got a Video too. My, it's Dr. Jo, Chuck Morris. We appreciate CEO of Midtown Biohack and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'll see you tomorrow. Appreciate Y'all The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's C-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the building.


Yes, we do. Kirk Franklin. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. I feel like I live here. That's fine. That's a good thing. I feel like I live here. What is this? What is it like the 20,000 time? I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm good with it. I'm just humbled by by that. I'm Glad you here. Well, first of all, welcome and congratulations for being honored at the BET awards this year. How was that feeling? Oh, nervous had bubble guts. Really, Really What? You are the performer of perform Kirk. You Always hold bro. Do You how? I am always nervous. Didn't we talk about that too? Yeah. I couldn't believe it either when he said it to me. Really? Yeah, we talked about it. It's about at the media room. Yeah. I'm always nervous if I go speak, if I go to a nursing home and perform.


I'm nervous if I go speak to kids, I'm, yeah, I always have. Yeah, I'm always What about it makes you nervous? Like, what is it, what do you thinking about? First of all? I think that it has served me well. It's because it's never normal. I'm never comfortable. I'm always wanting to do my best. I'm always, you know, like, I'm always concerned about every moment, you know, will it be good enough? Will it be accepted? Will it be, will it be light? And so there's never a moment where I'm ever dialing anything in. Gotcha. You know, like everything for me is my first, every project, every album, every song, every moment. It's my first, like I'm a new artist, I'm a new, I'm a, I'm a I'm a I'm a struggling artist every time.


Right. And I think a lot of it, and you, you know, y'all probably just even attest just all the, the, the guests that you've had that have come from traumatic backgrounds, you know, childhood abandonment, adoption and all that is that I think that you are always chasing ghost. Got it. You're always chasing ghost. You're always looking for that good job baby. That Mama didn't give you that you didn't, that you'd have in those formative years. So yeah, every moment is is is nerves and new and so at the Be Yeah. BT awards, I'm, I'm about to lose it. Next stage I'm about to pass. I'm like, what? And then I didn't know I was going last. Yeah. I was mad. You went last. I was mad.


Why mad? I said you put somebody that like that in the front or the middle because it was so late. Well, yeah, but that, but, but we Stayed up. I know. We did stay Up. Wow. That's kind of y'all. But what I'm saying though is that you feel even more pressure. It's like, I'm not going to laugh. It's like, but you know, because you Kirk Franklin though, But I'm the gospel guy. Hmm. And so you don't think of your genre having a space like that. You don't, you know, and you don't even expect it. Yeah. Like you, I, I'm, you know Yeah. It's, it's, it's almost like it's it's an honor for even the genre to be acknowledged. Yeah. And, and, and even part of the the ecosystem. Right. But when, when I found out that I was going last Emini here.


Yeah, brother, you didn't wanna be sitting by me. Pressure was on huh? When No, I was letting him go. Oh. So Tiana Taylor and Aaron Pierre was smelling the lu And I lied. I was like, oh man, who did that? My Kirk Franklin the gas Wait, the gassy had, because did you have gas when you were sitting next to me? I ain't smell nothing. Well, I wasn't nervous talking to you. Oh, Okay, great. Oh, that's good. Right, because you, I'm, I'm not gonna lie, I've been telling people since I met you my first time meeting you. I, it threw me off. I didn't know you were so like, just normal cool. And just so normal. What does that mean? I said you a real n word. She was like, he's a real SI never felt like that about somebody who What Do you think people like, what are people expecting for me to come in floating on clouds? Yes.


A little bit. That's what people, And I think that's unfortunate And I think that we gotta find ways to, to still deconstruct it. It's, I just think that it stands in the way of people feeling like that they can be a part of the family too. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, like, like everybody can pull and, and, and be part of this God love wagon. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like, and, and so it's always challenging for me when, when there's this where, where there's this ideal of what being a person that loves Jesus looks like. And so I want to be the, the lowliest, the most humble, the most realist person so that you can see man, that everybody's supposed to be on this bus.


Right. And we all supposed be riding together, man. That's right. We don't always know where we going. But we riding Now during the, the BET awards, they kept showing you when Kevin Hart was doing comedy And then They, the whole twist was Kirk Franklin was upset with all the Kevin Hart jokes. And I'm like, they must not know Kirk. So Bro, I was Oh, it was so good. Those jokes. It was so good. He's good. It's Hilarious. He's good. But then I'll also give you this side and you know, And I, and, And I want him cap. Right? It's, I think that the biggest thing is for me is that I always have to be careful. 'cause I know that there's a community of the super religious that if I enjoy something too much, then it comes across like, well, why he not?


Yeah. Why he not praying for him? He need to walk out. He need and, and so there's this, there's this dichotomy that, that you live in when you say that you represent faith, that it's like, I love Jesus, but I'm not Jesus. Yeah. I'm not him. Right. I love God. I live in a body that ain't his yet until he cracks the sky and make me more like him. And until,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's Go places.


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company. Wells Fargo Bank, NA, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


So then I live in this broken house And I live in a world where things are gonna be funny. I'm I'm, I'm gonna stub my toe And I'm not gonna speak your tongue in the middle of the night. I'm gonna cuss. You know what I'm saying? You push me too hard. It's gonna be hands, you know, I'm, I'm Emini here. I'm, you know, I I I am not a perfect person. And so when something's funny and it's good and funny, I want to laugh. How do you stop Yourself from laughing? 'cause he kept going. And, and you know, Kev, Kevin's gonna keep going until he get And you was pulling that, that laughing. I know. I feel like I was laughing. You and Wife. You, you were, but it, you still was trying to keep that sense of like, all right. Like, you was like, like you cracking. I was, but you were like still containing yourself. You know? I was, And it, because it was funny.


It was, it's funny. He's funny. He's good. And so you get to see them perfect. Kirk. But I, I think also what people don't understand is God don't want us to be perfect anyway either. Like I just, you know, Jesus, they, we not supposed to be perfect. That's why he, he made us in his image. But it's like if he, if he put us here and, and he knew, he know everything we going to do before we do it. Like he already knows. It's like we are not him. We are of him. Yes. You know, it, we're not meant to be perfect. We're just meant to follow him. And in that we always should be pursuing to be better. Better. We want to be more like him. We want to be able to be changed in ways.


There are things that I see in myself that I want to grow and look more like him. Right. But I'm not on your watch. Yeah. I'm not on your calendar and how I get there. Right. I am on his. And so I think that if we, like I, I said something on this, this new digital series I have on called Den of Kings is that we have to understand man, that, that, that, that we are patients. We're not doctors. And Christianity is supposed to be a place that's a hospital. It's a hospital. It's not supposed to be a country club. It's will be a place where people that don't have it together could come and everybody can feel comfortable that they know that they don't have it together.


Right. But when people come to us and our community and they feel like that we are more concerned about their, their, their habits and their ways been changed before our eyes. And you're not being changed yet. You're not doing, it's, it's like that, that then people create performance anxiety. That's where the mask comes is because if I don't look the way that you think I should look soon, then now I gotta fake it till I make it right? Yeah. And then you never, and then what happens? Then you become a human doing and never human being. Got you. No. Now They also, I'm sorry, I was gonna say they back to the BET wards. They were mad at one of your outfits that You wore. They were mad at every I was about to say that. Like every One of the outfits I had on this year. Yeah, they said that you apologized for it.


It was a, you wore like a tank top or some Shorts? Oh no, that was that. We talked about that too at the media room. But why, what They bad at the outfit Emini here. It wasn't P PPO shorts. You didn't have a thong it, nothing Like that. It was annoying because they tried to say, bro, it was twerking. Oh, sorry. Lemme go bro. They tried to say Kurt Franklin was trk. I she de Yeah. Sorry. Said bro. I don't think I can dress like that. Yeah. Sorry, hold up. But pause, pause. What's wrong with pro? I don, I don't know. You just feel like it's so crazy how like, naturally you just feel like the homie and I'm like, it's Kirk Franklin. Would I not see, we got Low key kind of like watching you at the BET awards and seeing the energy and the movement and all that with your performance. Oh, your mic went out. See, God didn't want me to call you bros.


What I'm Saying? That's what happened. Said, don't you call The World Kirk Franklin, bro. It was still kicking it with Kirk Franklin. Lauren Talking about the award show though. There, there were a couple things. So first people were upset at the performance in a hole. Like they felt like, really? Yeah. I Emini here. I thought it was a great performance. But I think people, it, I think it just goes to like the people that you bring onto stage and how you, I have a quote here. I think it was Dietrich had, was upset about Gorilla winning the award. Oh. But they also call, he also mentioned like things being like a mockery of worship and like things of that nature. Do you get tied to that conversation at this point or at this point are you so used to it? It's whatever. Be real, bro. Gang, gang, gang, Gang, gang, gang, gang.


On everything I love. Right? It is what it's Yeah. It, it, it, it, it is what It's God bless him and God bless them. How did you feel about that? 'cause some people were mad that in the gospel category, it was gorilla in yourself. It was Lil Baby in yourself. It was Rhapsody, not your quote unquote typical gospel songs. What did you think about that, that gorilla won her first BET award was a gospel record. What are your thoughts on it? Primarily, gospel artist. I'm trying to keep my eyes on the prize. I'm trying to keep my focus on the things that really matter. I'm trying to tell The World about Jesus, tell The World that for God so loved The World that he gave his only son, whoever believes in him shall not perish and have everlast in life.


That's where I'm at. That's where I'm at. Everything else is just noise. That's where I'm at. I feel like you meet people where they are. You've been doing that since I've been, since I was a little girl. Like, you know, I, I feel like when you, when you say you meet people where you are, it is always been said. You meet people where, where they are. Right. Christ. And, and Christianity and church don't look the same for everybody. So if like a gorilla can speak to us, the youth young, you know, and you stamp it and we like, oh, we know Kirk Frank. This is who all of our mothers and grandmothers and aunts played and growing up.


And she, because she, she is the bridge. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Like she would be the bridge for that. And God uses everybody. Like he can use, anybody can use a bum on, on the street. He can use a homeless person. He can use, you know, anybody to, to lead, you know, to, so you can pay attention to bring you to, you know, to God And Jesus. I feel like it's not, it's, it's not. Why is that frowned upon? You know what Emini here, There's a text in, in, in scripture. There's this moment where the disciples were talking to Jesus about people that were not part of their crew. Hmm. That was also using his name and trying to do things in his name. And they were upset about it because they were not part of the crew.


And so they came to Jesus, they pulled up like, yo man, you need to go pull up a, a boy name. They're over there saying your name and trying to do boo boo wooo and your name. And we need to, we really need to squash that. Hmm. And, and, and that Jesus was like, yo, if they over there and they are still trying to do good things in my name, even though they're not part of our crew, I'm not gonna squash that. It's because they still telling people my name. Yeah. And so I feel that it is the same that today that Christianity has for so long been a country club and you've had to have a membership. You've had to look a certain way. Like, like, like, like, like lemme tell you one thing that's funny to me is that people always say to me, and even Tammy, sometimes it's like, you know, like, y'all look younger now. Y'all did when y'all first started. Mm. Lemme tell you what a lot of that was.


Hmm. We were assimilating to what the church, if you were young in church, you had to look old to be thought of as serious. Right. Like, they didn't take you serious if you did not look a certain way. So you dressed though you had them long, you know, you had the long jackets, you know, the square to Gators, you know, and Tammy Probably had the big lampshade hats lamp, you Know, first time I took it to JE convention, we were 25 years old. And I, you know, God bless Church of God in Christ love church of God in Christ, you know. But there's a certain aesthetic that sometimes you have on, tell me, 25 years old, got a big old hat on gloves. And she said, she said, I felt like trick or treat, you know, you know, because we were trying to assimilate.


You're trying to do all the things to be accepted as a young person. Yeah. And so now I'm Emini here. We just comfortable being who we are. And I just think that it is really, really important to just put people back on the focus of what matters. He's what matters. That's right. Now, what was the concept of, of Deni Kings? How did, what inspired that bro? First of all, I, you gotta talk to the mic, bro. First of all, I am bro, bro, bro, bro, Bro, don't gimme trouble. They Always gonna drag me for seeing it once. That's the motif of the show. Right. Bro, bro, bro. And it's a beautiful thing. Beautiful thing. But one thing that I'm very excited about is that I just had this idea that I've always been told that people enjoy the way I hold court during dinner.


Like when you go to dinner with me, we gonna chop, you know, so we gonna chop about politics, you know, we gonna talk, talk about religion, sex, we gonna talk about whatever and get it in. And so during my birthday, I came to Atlanta, well, I went to Atlanta, had dinner with some of my good guy friends. And they were like, yo, bro, you need to turn this into something. Mm. Just, you know, because I've had really great conversations. And so with that, I just thought about having dinner with black men and what that could look like in that conversation. And so the first episode out in Atlanta, great food chef, beautiful house. You know, you had country Wayne, you had Lou. Mm. You had, you had Deval, you had DC with The Young Fly.


And it was an incredible moment. And the response has been crazy. I've been telling everybody I know to watch it. It's been amazing. Hasnt like, were you shocked at the response? Yes. Especially with DC and how he gets deep in how you, man, I love that. 'cause that's my brother. I know, I know. You know what? Emini here and he loves you. Yes. He loves you. Yes, yes, yes. And you know, even country Wayne, you know, like just you gave them that safe space, that vulnerable place where they can, they can talk about things that they don't usually talk about. Yeah. And they, they, they talk about, but they don't go in depth with it. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like you provide that. And I love to see that. And it has been Emini here. The response has been overwhelming. Like it has been. So, so, you know, we've got another one on deck coming up soon And I, you know, and it's just, you know, dinner conversations with men Yeah.


With black men. And I'm humble And I want to thank everybody that's been tuning in and watching it. And it's just been a, it, it's just been an amazing moment. And it's like men's therapy. It's like watching a men's therapy session. It's crazy. Yeah. It's crazy. Is each episode about fatherhood? There's gonna be different things that men do. Different, different conversations. Next one is about being a boss. Okay. And you know, we, we are going to have so many conversations that are just really just kind of peeling back and just having a really, really, really great conversation. You gonna pull up on one? Of course. Don't play whatever you need. I think. No, I think envy and charlamagne, I think y'all would be so amazing in the sit down site. It Would be, it'd be fire because It's like a real conversation.


Non-judgmental as well. Non-judgmental. Non-judgmental. And I want everybody to feel safe And I try to lead with vulnerability and transparency myself. So I, so I try to create the environment that makes you feel safe and comfortable. Will there ever be a episode with you and your baby boy, your son? It's not that I haven't thought about it. It's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's because it's still a work in progress. Yeah. I would want there to be real healing in his life before there is anything that, that, that, that, that puts a spotlight that could even be more damaging Got it. To his process. You know, I want him whole.


Yeah. I don't give a heck about ratings. You know, I was gonna say something else, but I just want him hope. And so whatever is going to be for his best healing. And a lot of times that, that happens when the cameras are old. Yeah. What's what's your relationship now with him? It's, it's still work. It, it, it, it's, it's still work. Now. The beautiful thing that has happened is, you know, I ran into my biological father, of course after all these years. And here's what's the most incredible thing about God. Everything that my oldest son needs. That's his profession. Mm. Your dad's profession.


Wow. Biological father's profession. And I think you can impact that. Yeah. Right, right. Everything that my oldest needs. So my biological has come in because that's his grandson. So he has a personal interest in, in, in, in, in, in him being whole. And it's been amazing. It's been, well, it's been amazing to watch. Yeah. Gotcha. But it's still, it, it process. I was still kicking it with Kirk Franklin. Do you, do you regret what you've done in gospel music because it took so much time away from your family? That's an incredible question. It's, I think that any man in my humble opinion that is ambitious and driven will always look back and have regrets on how the people around them have had to suffer because of that.


Because you, Yeah. Your family suffered, but you brought joy to people. You probably saved 1,000,001 lives with your music. Mm. And your dancing and the word, but you might've hurt a couple in the family because you weren't there. So how does that balance out? And, and you know, as a a father that works a lot. I I feel that sometimes it's like, damn, should I be home during this time? Yeah. But I gotta get bills. Yeah. See de Kings, because y'all talked about this on the show. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ooh, boy, You know, you, you, you have many regrets. You have, you have many regrets and, and you have confusion. It's because it's, it's, it's almost like if you were not driven, if you were not a dog, if you didn't have that attitude, then you wouldn't have been what you are.


But you also know that many around you, whether it's your wife or your kids, that they've suffered a lot that they've gone through a lot because it comes with a heavy price. And I think that for me, mine also has another level of, of, of, of kind of dichotomy is because you also don't want just, you don't want their kids' faith to be, I don't want having to do with Jesus. 'cause Jesus was the dude that kept my daddy away. So I'm trying, you know, you've also tried to have that nuance space in that too. Now the beauty of my children is their mother. It, it, my, my my children are, are, are, are great because of their mama.


Tammy. Tammy has, Tammy is like, she just that Midas touch. Mm. You know, she, but then her mama was dad. Tammy's mama was dad. Tammy's mama was like that with me. You know, just that, that mid touch. And she knew I didn't have a mama. So Pam just that modest touch. But yeah, you live with a lot of regret. You live with a lot of guilt. You live with a lot of questions. You live with that eternal war of, of, of, of missing things. And, and wondering what it would, what, what it would've been more like for you to be at home. But then at the same time, you also, that dude that wakes up in the middle of the night with dreams and ideas and ambitions and songs.


You know, like I wake up in the middle of night with songs and, and you know, I'm at a basketball game And I gotta step outside to put something in my phone because a song, because if that song don't work, then I can't pay for that school And I can't pay for that college. I can't pay for that. Your new or you want after you graduate. It's like, you know, there's that tension. Right. It's because people are blessed by your sacrifice, but then they're also hurt by your sacrifice. Yeah. And I don't know all the answers. I just try to show up and be honest. Got you. What I love, I love that you said social media is not evil. You know, it's, it is broken people that use it as a tool of evil. Yeah. Right. So does commentary on social media affect you at all?


Yeah, it can. Oh yeah, yeah. Yeah. And I think anybody be lying if they say this. And I think that we all try to do our social media fast and we try to pull back, you know, like after the beat two awards, I was like, I'm not reading nothing. I don't wanna read nothing. I won't have it. Yeah. I don't want nothing. You know, and then, you know, a few days later you find yourself And look in and Yeah. Man, please about Jesus. Yeah. Right, right, right. You know, so, you know Yeah. You, you, you, you find that tension and you try to do the best. I really believe y'all, And I know y'all gotta wrap me up real soon, man. I gotta believe, I believe that everything that we discuss can be summarized in these major points of humans have to be more kind Yeah.


To humans. That we, we, here's the illustration before I go. Right. If you are on an island and that island is now slowly sinking into the water and the only way off that island to the other piece of bigger land is this rope, this tightrope. And everybody has to walk across that tightrope. Now why, mind you, they're walking over water that is shark infested. Right. So if you fall off that tightrope, I, but that's the only way to get off this island is this tightrope. Everybody that is getting on that tightrope, if you're sit, sitting there standing there watching them because you know your turn's coming up next, you are not gonna be sitting there criticizing how they're getting off on that tight rope.


You're not gonna be going look at her feet, look at the face. She And I didn't walking on it. Right. Right. Look at, look at that. There. You not doing the, because you know what, you're not doing that because you know you next. So you instead of going, please ma ah, ah, oh God, please let her make it. Please. Ugh. She made it. She made it. Because that gives you hope that you can make it. That's what life is. It's sinking and we're trying to get off and there's only way, there's only one way and, but we are criticizing each other while we're trying to get off. That's the only way. There's no boat, there's nothing. The only way off the sink and island is this damn difficult way. We should be praying people make it instead of complaining how they walk in. Wow. Because, 'cause you next in the church head.


Amen. Dang. Wow. Dang. I I was lemme one more question. Go, Go, go. How did you listen when you got some of the strongest pipes coming up outta your choirs? Like I'm talking about like, everybody was like a lead singer. Like everybody, how did you find these people? That's how I do It. That's how you do it. I Do. It is, I look for lead Singers individually. It's, I go after artists. Yeah. Is I look at people that I see an artist in them come rock with. Hmm. And that's what I do. And that's why they're so amazing. Yeah. Yeah. So, but that's dope that you caught that Since I was little. I'm like, yo, how everybody can not just sing but sing. Everybody can sing.


Like he coulda had like everybody do their own solo. Yeah. Dope. Crazy man. No, no, no. Thank you for That. Thank you. But I wanna say I love you so much. Love you too. You I've been inspired since I was like just so young, just those long mornings. And my mother popped your CDs and for every CD we had, you know, I grew up on you dope. And I love you and I'm so happy that I got to meet you. Oh. You know. Oh, this is So crazy. This is the first time you met him because he's said no second Time with her son 90 times. No, I I met him before I met him before Just walk. But it Is kind of crazy. Me and Kirk Franklin, you've been our, in our household are literally I know.


House birth word. I know that. Like everything. Yeah. My whole life. So meeting you was just like, so I'm happy. Oh, is Kirk Franklin like, okay. And it is your presence though, so I thank you so much just for all of your work and everything that you've, that you've done, you've contributed to just to my household and my and to gospel. The word of God. Everything. That's, thank You. That's kind of it. Yeah. Thank you. Of heaven. Well De Kings, you could check it out on YouTube. New single, do it again. We about to play that right now. Do it again. You wanna Pray? And we have to leave with a prayer. What's wrong with you? Can You call No, I you call As brought a Prayer for you. First of all, he prayed for me at the media room as well too. Okay. Okay. I'm always covered in prayer. Thank you. All right. He always covered your wig too.


But this, You see sha you I need you to pray. And that's not even a wig. Exactly. That's your wig. Exactly. She, she exactly. She don't wear wigs no more because they talked about 'em. So many didn't talk them right off. Are we including praying for Azadi or are we not? Please. She needs Azadi too. Please. You allowed to say that to God? Go here. I can't, I feel like I can't say I'm Being funny. I'm being funny man. Man, father. Wow man, thank you so much that you are


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts, also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do Wells Fargo bank, na member FDIC,


Just the most kindest, most patient, creative of of them all. Thank you Lord that you constantly just forgive us when we mess up. And that you are always wanting us to win. Because when we win, it makes you look great. Father, we know that The World is crazy. And Father, I want to thank you for these three soldiers, for the four soldiers and how they are doing their best to try to plant seeds of goodness in the earth. Just watch over their families, watch over their lives. If we've ever needed you before, we need you in The World. Now. Please break down the walls of religion so that we can be able to see the light of your son. And I'm talking about your son, SON And Father, we want him to be glorified in our lives. We are far from perfect, messed up.


And we love the fact that you take the lemons and make lemonade in our lives every day. Thank you for not giving up on us. We wanna make you proud, wanna make you happy, and your name Jesus. Amen. Amen. Amen. All right, well there you have It. It's Kirk Franklin. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hmm. On The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, it's a donkey. Oh man. Charlamagne you giving Donkey Day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today goes the summer from Baddies Africa. Respectfully, I have never heard of this woman or this show in my life.


I asked Jess Hilarious this morning, what is Baddies Africa? And Jess explained it to me. What did you say? No I did not. Yes you did. Baddies is just baddies. They just over there in Africa. They took the shenanigans over there and still fighting over dumb stuff. All them bitches, same bitches Sonos it. So it's no Africans? No, ain't no Africans on the show. Mm Oh, They just doing it in Africa? Yes. Oh, okay. What? And it's on Zeus. Yes. You know all the answers to all the questions you asking. Okay. Well 'cause that's 'cause I asked you earlier. Now I still don't know what's going on, but I saw that a young woman on the show named Summer issued an apology for something she said on the show. And I just thought it would be a great moment to teach. Okay, let me read the headline. Summer issues an apology for recent controversial Emmett Till Comets.


Let's listen to the Comets. You gonna always miss Bitch, you wish you could be like me. That bitch face was like Emmett Till Damn. Oh Summer. You didn't learn from Lil Wayne. Maybe you too young to remember. But Lil Wayne back in 2013, he had a line where he said beat that PPO up like Emmett Till and people got pissed. Rightfully soak. If you don't know who Emmett Till is, I would encourage you to watch the movie Till which came out in 2022. Simple and Plain, Emmett Till was murdered in 1955 for allegedly flirting with a white woman. Her name was Carolyn Bryant Dunham. She accused till of whistling at her and making unwanted advances and claimed till grabbed her and made lewd comments Later she reportedly admitted the claims were false.


Okay, A lie. Look, summer, I don't know you. I respect your apology 'cause she did apologize already. And in her apology she said, did I? What did she say? She said she's committed to learning and growing. She said a whole lot of other stuff. But I really wanna hone in on that part. She said she's committed to learning and growing from this experience. That's all we could ask of people. And I know some folks don't feel like they should have to teach people about certain things. And I disagree because everyone doesn't know. So I'm gonna give you three reasons people should never make jokes about the Emmett Till situation. Okay? Number one, it's the symbol of racial terror and injustice. It was a brutal act of white supremacy that helped ignite the civil rights movement. We wouldn't enjoy the freedoms we have now without that movement Summer.


So when you joke about a situation like that, you trivialize the pain and trauma inflicted on us black Americans. Number two, it disrespects the family and legacy of Mamie Tale. Okay? Mamie Tale had an open casket funeral that showed The World what racism and white supremacy had done to her son. When you make fun of how he looked, you know you make light of the gravity of her choice. Once again, that choice sparked the civil rights movement, which enables us to enjoy certain freedoms and liberties. Number three, it fuels desensitization. We already desensitized enough, we can't joke about extreme suffering because when we do that, it normalizes violence and makes people not have empathy.


When you laugh at atrocities like Emmett Till, than it becomes easier to ignore them and repeat them. Black pain and trauma is not a joke. Okay? Those are my three reasons. Now, I don't know if this is true or not, just you can tell me, but on the internet they say someone don't wash her ass. That's what they saying up and down the comment she dirty. What you mean? They say she don't wash her ass. They say she don't babe with shower. I don't watch the show. So I don't know. I don't know. Okay. I That's what they said. Have you ever seen that on the show? No. I never seen nobody not bathe. I don't watch the show. My little sister does. I don't believe you. Okay, I saw a post on social media. Okay? Me or Jess don't watch the show allegedly. So I don't know if this is true on whether or not you babe or not.


Summer. All I know is you can't be dirty physically and mentally. Okay? You got to pick a struggle. So if you don't wash your ass, in the words of a great black philosopher, d gla, you gotta get yourself together and at least go give your brain a bath. Okay? Go to church, start listening and get on the right path. Summer Emmett Till was 14 years old when he was murdered over a lie. We can't be so morally bankrupt as a people that we on reality TV making jokes about Emmett Till because folks already think women on reality TV shows like the one you are on are morally bankrupt. So don't prove them right. Please give someone from Baddies Africa the biggest sea hall.


Crazy. Alright? You can't, as soon as don't walk in the room, some don't take a bath. I'm like, Walker. I Heard him say that too. And I thought he said about, I know that was the second time after I already asked you. I said, who is Summer from Badies Africa? And you went in, you was like, oh my God, that show is nobody on that show is actually African. They auditioned a bunch of people from Africa but didn't choose one of 'em. Oh Absolutely, yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. All came from my little sister who watches the show. I watched Justin's beret. I do not watch Betty's. Hmm? You was on that one. I watching you was On the show too, right? I was doing You was on Betty's Jo's K That's why you got your hair like that, that Jesus curse? No, Don, I was on Jocelyn's Cabaret. Oh, okay, okay.


I I hosted the reunion. Oh, okay. I I used to watch Betty's when Chaw was on there And I watched a little bit when Siki came, but then I, I just stopped Siki. That's Chan's sister. Okay. But they, it is, no, they fight for no reason. Like it, it is no reason no nothing. Like everybody just run around screaming, fighting. Well You watch it. That's the reason why. And what was the context of that clip? Did they had, did somebody get beat up? Is that why she said that? Oh, they was fighting. They fighting. They Were fighting. They was fighting. Oh, okay. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. The Breakfast Club X about Me relationship problems, X about me. You need to beat your coworker's ass X about me.


Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. Hey Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got Steve on the line. Steve, what's your question for Jess? All? What's going on Jess? So look, check us out. So me and my girl been going out for four years and you know I ain't never wanted to do this. So I had to like one night her phone was open, right? Mm. And there was a message from another person. So I looked on there and he was talking about I love you and all this type of stuff.


And I'm like, bro, who the heck could this be? You know what I'm saying? I had all this trust and stuff towards to my girl. So, you know, I I would never thought this would ever happen. You know what I'm saying? As far as with her texting, we been going together for like four years And I confronted her that morning and she was like, oh that's just a friend and we just been friends and all that. You don't have to worry about him. So how you think I should go about that? Yo, She done hit now so Emini here. What's the point? Damn Emini here. Yeah. Dang. Why? Why you think he hit? Why you think he hit he No, he talking about lover and all that. Yeah. What you mean? You she done? Yeah, you ain't gotta worry. She, she told you you ain't gotta worry about him. 'cause she done hit and she pro and she probably, she probably ain't enjoy it sexually.


This is Jess. Fix my mess. Jess. What do you think? I'm helping Jess? 'cause she, I think, I think what Yma said was right for real. Yo, he she already And Why y'all think she hit though? Like Emini here? That could be just So, Man, yo, the guy said I don't wanna say like that. The guy said I love you yo. Got you. He might Not, he might give it up. He said I love you. Bam. And I Gotta pack it up. Pack it up and you leave. And that's what you get for going through her phone. Why would you go through her phone? You know she was cheating on you. You knew you just wanted confirmation. Yeah, you right. You just wanted confirmation. You, you, your, your male instincts. We always talk about the women instinct. Your male instinct told you that she was cheating on you and now you got confirmation but you don't want leave.


There You go. And what was she saying? There you go. Why did she keep saying I'm, 'cause I'm sure you asked her. What did she keep saying That, that she was just more aggressive. She was just more aggressive with the stuff. It was just like, man, you don't have to worry about this. It's just a friend and all that. I'm Like man, why you so mad fool? Yeah. Nah, that's 'cause you blew our cap like you was being nosy. I'm sorry Steve. Oh, okay, fine. Now you gotta sign Too. Alright man. Well y have a nice day man. Alright. I'm gonna get up outta there. I'm gonna hit the road, Jack. Absolutely. You got to, you deserve better King. Alright, Thank you. Y'all have a nice day. You, Hello? Who's this? Anonymous. Okay, anonymous. What's your question for Jess? I, long story short, I cheated on my fiance And I found a GPS tracker in my car recently And I don't know what to do.


Stop cheating. That's what you gotta stop doing because that's why you my how long you been cheating? He's obviously been on you for a while. How long? Yeah, he found out. I told him I, I came clean, but we're trying to work on things. Trying to work on things. So you recently found the tracker after admitting that you were a cheater? Yes. Correct. Okay. So that tells me that he does not believe you, you know, he still does not trust that you are done cheating. Are you done with cheating? No. Right. Damn Man. And you are questioning why you have a goddamn GPS tracker in your car and you're not done cheating. So why did you come To me? I don't know what to do with the relationship. Oh, You wanna, oh, okay baby.


You gotta get up out there If you wanna live your life and you, you know, you, you still feel like you got some, some other things that you're, you know, you don't wanna cheat on the the person. Do you? You know what Emini here, I, I don't. No, just Leave him because you're obviously, you're not happy. You're cheating for a reason and he's not happy. But I either, I still love him though. I do. And that's how it works. You, you always love the person that you cheat on. You know what? Emini here, you love them, but it's something that he's lacking that you can't get there. Right. Gotcha. Something that he's, that he's not doing that you really, really wish that he would do. And although you don't wanna leave him, you still find, you know, you're still looking for something else and you're finding it out in the streets and that's still not, are you married or this is your boyfriend.


We're engaged and we bought a house together eight years ago. So Y'all ain't making it down that aisle. Girl. I know you love him, but damn you ain't even married and you doing, you cheating. I think you should just, right. I think you should just revoke that whole engagement. Go and live your life. How old are you? I took The ring already. How old are you? I'm 46. Mm You 46? Yeah. Too old to be Playing around still. Okay. Okay. She need to be Neo's fifth girlfriend. That's what it sound like. She need, she, You, you, you into the poly situation. I think that's what you need. You need somebody who's gonna be comfortable with you doing these things. I know he already bought the ring. I understand. But would this be better that he found out after you married him or right now I think it makes more sense that he found out now.


And I think that you just need to look in the mirror. Just be honest with yourself. Marriage is not for you. Especially not a committed marriage. It's not for you right now. I'm not saying forever, but that ain't something that's, that's for you right now. 'cause you know, you gotta give him the choice. You know what Emini here right now, you, you're not really giving him a choice. You know, you, you wanna lead him on and he marry you and you know you're still gonna cheat. I love your honesty. You like, no, I ain't Finn cheating yet, but you can't walk down the aisle. You know, I love it. I talk for a reason. Like I'm not trying to Emini here. Excuse me. Okay. Yeah. I I want real advice. Yeah. So just like I have to tell my therapist everything.


Yeah. He can't help me if I lie or if I withhold. Yeah. And and that's, that sets you apart from everybody else. People would be calling up here lying to me, leaving out parts of the story. I applaud your honesty, but you, you cannot get married and you have to tell him that you're not ready for marriage. But I'm the one that wants to get married and he doesn't Emini here. He, he is the one that's holding back Emini here. Obviously he gave me a ring which indicates he would wanna marry me, but he could also just be leading me on leading you on. We've been together 10 years. Yep. You, you can't get married. The, the, the advice is still the same. I know you wanna get married, but you are not ready. I'm telling you, this ain't about him no more. It's about you.


You're not ready to get married. You're not. 'cause you're not finished playing the field. You know what Emini here and that's totally fine. But you gotta do that single, you know, you, you, he already got trust issues. You found a GPS tracker that is scary. It's scary as hell. But what's also, yeah, but what's also scary is being engaged to somebody that keeps cheating. It, it, it's, it's crazy and it, it's scary knowing that I have to track my woman because I'm afraid that she ain't gonna never stop cheating. I know she's doing something and we ain't even make it down the aisle yet. So yes, while marriage is something that you want, that's the law further down the line for you, boo. Thank you. You welcome babe. I'm Sorry. Good luck, mama. Just fix my mess.


You See what I'm saying? And you want it. Am Rose to stop the slut walk. Okay. I didn't want her to stop. She wanted to stop Because of her. You ladies need something to do. I I didn't want her to stop. I just felt like it was complete contradictory why she stopped. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my message. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. And Charlamagne, you got a positive note. Positive note is simply this. Learn to be done, not mad, not bothered. Just done. Protect your piece at all costs. Have a blessed day.


Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Wells Fargo seeks broad impact in their communities, focused on supporting customers and communities through housing affordability, small business growth, financial health, and more. Donated over $2 billion to strengthen local communities over the last five years. Wells Fargo, the Bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash say, do support includes contributions from Wells Fargo and company, Wells Fargo Bank, na, and the Wells Fargo Foundation.


Welcome to the U versus U podcast. I'm Lex Rero inviting you to go beyond the titles and the accolades of the world's most successful entertainers. Each week we take off the Cape and get real about the inner battles, childhood stories, and the moments that shaped our guests. Getting inspired will become the best version of you. Listen to you versus You podcast on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Show me how good it can get today, God, and show the rest of The World what we already know. It can't get no better than being hella black, hella queer, and hella Christian. My name is Joseph Reeves. I am the creator and host of Hella Black, hella queer hella Christian, a fully black, fully queer, fully human, fully divine podcast from iHeart media to hella black, hella queer, hella Christian on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey, I am Jay Shetty, the host of the number one Health and Wellness podcast in The World. On purpose and on purpose, I sit down with some of the most fascinating minds from world class athletes to wellness experts and thought leaders to uncover their secrets to living a happier, more meaningful life. If you are looking for inspiration, tools for growth and real conversations that challenge you to think differently, listen to on purpose on the iHeartRadio app, Amazon Music, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.