
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


you are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey, meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends, but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy Holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Good Morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. And it's Monday. And today's show is about some of our most Awkward Interviews. All right. I'm talking about interviews that you could just tell. There might have been a little awkwardness going on, like when Birdman stopped through. You remember that interview? Or how about Sexyy Red and Jest the first time they met? Or when TI was up here with Young Dro and somebody was in the background making some comments? Well, we're gonna get those back on this morning, so don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh, this is Jason from Canada. Oh, Jason, I listen to you guys every morning. Oh boy. Hey Jason, do you have an owl tattoo on you anywhere? He definitely does. No. No, I don't. Okay. I just wanted to call and say, yeah, we listened to you guys in Canada also and We were on in Toronto for a little while, but Drake got us taken up. That's not true. No way. I don't know if that's true but's true. Better story than they just took us off. Yeah, well discuss that some other time. Hello? Who's this? This is Derek. What up do Derek, what up Do Detroit get it off your chest? I wanna get a couple things off my chest, but I'm gonna be brief with you.


One, why is it the conversations we have nowadays have to have the pause and the different stuff to indicate you're not saying something to me. I think that's quite ridiculous. Like, are we that sensitive to where you can't say something without having to say the ridiculous pause, no cap and all that. Like they, we do have too much in The World. Yeah, sometimes it is very much annoying. I know that. Well, you grown, you can do what you wanna do. You know what Emini here, you ain't gotta follow the trends. Absolutely. Without a doubt. And I'm gonna always do me, but at the same time, it's just annoying to hear, even when y'all say certain things or people y'all guess, or, or invite, say certain things and just pause.


Like, come on man. You make the conversation more unrelatable when you pause. I'm like, what did he, what, what happened? What just happened? What we pausing for? Wait. No. That's why I think you should Just say that was gay. Instead of saying pause that gay Or anything, you know? Just be relatable, man. You know, she following these young people. Trans need to stop. No, no, no, no. We Need to. No, no. How, how old are you? I'm 42. Okay. I'm, I was born in 1,978. I'm 45. Pause is our era, sir. Yes it is. We missed pause. Pause Is that was Cameron and them back in the day, long time ago. Absolutely. Long, long time ago. You know that. But sir, I I, I understand not just that when I say follow young people, yeah, I thank you.


I appreciate you. But not just that, but also with the fact of some of the other stuff we do in faith. That's just one thing. Okay. That may be our era. What? It's a lot of stuff we doing, you know, the crazy dragging it out. That sound crazy. You understand what I'm saying? What I'm saying? Like what you say When people say it's crazy and they drag it out. That's crazy. That's Not, that was, that's not, yeah, that was our era too, bro. He just made it though. We, yeah. That wasn't our era, man. You ain't never heard people dragging the word crazy out Like that Martin Martin used to do. It's crazy. Whatcha talking about? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Maybe you right on that one.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, good morning is Brian, man. Peace and blessings man. Peace. Peace man. Get it off your chest. Yo, man. Listen man, I, I was stuck in the elevator for a whole hour, man. And the name used to me doing man, need to really wake up earlier, man, because I felt like my life was over, man. I made so much promises to garden this elevator, man. Look at my mother, man. Like, I wish this on my worst enemy, man. No windows, no escape. I'm thinking about Bruce Willis and Die Hard die. I'm thinking, I'm pressing the buttons, I'm kicking, I'm trying to punch codes, I'm doing everything. I'm like, you know what? Let me pick yo, I ain't gonna lie. I had a little reception, but not too much.


I was playing, I was playing Marvin Sap. Never would've made it. Damn dang. Where were you? But The only reason why I got out, the only reason why I got out 'cause of the Spanish dude, he kept pressing the button downstairs and he kicked, he kept kicking the door and all of a sudden it, it opened, but it was a half of the floor. Then it popped up and then I got out. But I'm just telling everybody right now, man, I don't know if I think I'm gonna get elevated to the game. You think it's a lawsuit? I don't know if it's a lawsuit, but I wouldn't wish that on my worst enemy. 'cause I got a daughter who has a very unhealthy fear of elevators and she, oh, I Feel like The World a closed end. Like you just feel like the every, I felt like I was in one of the Titanic submarines, man. But that story. But anyway, but look, When you're in the Bronx or Brooklyn, crazy Bronx or Brooklyn, You know it's the Bronx bro.


Of Course it's the Bronx, You know? On man. Everything broken in the Bronx. Damn. But it's crazy, man. Have a blessed day. I'm glad that you got outta that situation. Absolutely. I'm telling you, my, my 8-year-old is definitely afraid of elevators. I don't know what she watched that she saw somebody get stuck on the elevator, but Lord have mercy, she don't Mess with them. Elevator. Now. See, she do not like elevators at all. In no way, shape or form, Man. Hello. Who's this? How, How you doing this Beef from Brooklyn? What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. I'm one the first. Good morning everybody. Good morning, peace. BI wanna thank Charlamagne for those you ain't give 'em to me. But I read your books in jail and man, and they got me through a lot, man. You one funny one funny guy.


Thank you brother. I got a new book called Get Honest or Dieline. Why Small Talk Sucks. Yeah, I order Balls and Nobles. I just have her pick them up for me. Thank You King. She said I ain't locked up no more. I was reading why I was in jail, but Iyke this up now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, Yo, char, man, envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got An indoor pool, a Outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now. He tell you what, it's We Live. Hello? Who's this? Env? What's up, envy? What's up Trav? Charlamagne Charlamagne. Peace. What up Ciz?


How you I'm doing good. I'm doing good. What's up Jeff? Hey Trev, Can I tell y'all how I've been giggling at Envy all weekend? Because Envy is so crazy. What happened? So I don't know if y'all know Envy's on this show with Tammy Roman. Oh, I, I think it's Cheaters. Is that what it's called? Envy. It's called Unfaithful. Unfaithful. Shout out to Tammy. So It's this episode that has dropped. Shout out to Big Sexy. Actually Big Sexy is actually on one of my songs I'm about to drop. I love Big Sexy shout out to him episode. Say it again baby. I Said I love Big Sexy. Oh, shout out to be sexy. So Envy has this episode where Envy was following him around and he is like busing his boyfriend so envy when somebody envy's talking to the girl and she's telling him over and over again.


Yeah, he's bisexual. I didn't know he was bisexual. I ain't never mess with a bisexual man. The first thing Envy says when he can talk is, oh, so you know he was gay. It's envy. You cannot be gay and like women. Okay? He's bisexual Guy's. So stupid. Okay? You like women, you cannot be gay all Well, you 50% gay. You Gay, you still gay, but all right. No, you're not gay. Okay, but you, you half a homosexual woman at you attracted to any type of vagina. You're bisexual. Gay men do not like a vagina. Yeah, That's true. But you still half a homosexual Is just No, You're bisexual.


Yeah, you Departments, you're crossing departments. That's Not it. Okay. Bisexual means too, right? I don't know. I thought bisexual Is gay. Bi means both, But it's Both. So you 50%, so you ho homosexual Would you say? Would you say you gay and straight? No. Yes. Gas, gay. Ames Street. Gay you, Gas you? Yes. Alright, Trav. Thank you God. Thank you Trav. That's what, but the definition of bisexual is sexually or romantically attracted to both. Yeah. Men and women are to more than one sex gender. And that's why it's called bisexual, not gay. So I get it.


But you Emini here technically you are gay and straight. Oh my god. Technically I just asked a question, I just wanted to know. Alright. Hello. Who's this? Hey this qc. What's going on? What's up brother? Get it off your chest, Man. I just wanted to say, shout out to all the truck drivers out there, man. Everybody that's driving out on the road. Be safe man. Okay, Yeah. Shout out to y'all. I love y'all so very much Be safe. You In your truck, bro. Thank you. Yes sir. You know, There you go. Hey. Yes sir. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jesse, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, the mayor. Mayor Eric Adams, New York City. Eric Adams. We have, we also have lawyer and political commentator. Ola Yumi S right here. Good morning. Good morning man. What's you, how Are you feeling man? Good, good, good, good. You know, you know, even before we get into the conversation, I was with Jordan the other day, my son, and somehow your name came up and there was a group of young people in the room talking about politics. It's amazing how so many people are into politics now. And they came up with saying something about, there were people saying that how you were trying to push Trump, push Trump, push Trump.


So Jordan pulled up this video, one of your shows, or you broke down each time you were talking about what was wrong about his race. Absolutely. And just broke it down piece by piece. And Jordan said, dad, you know what? Truth doesn't matter anymore. Nope. Folks, truth don't care about truth. Nobody care about the truth. They don't care about fact. Facts no longer exist. I've never pushed Trump actually. I'd actually do the opposite. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we are in a generation where everyone gets up in the morning, look on social media and whatever's on there, they identify it as the facts. The headlines. Exactly. No one goes into the body of the story. Everybody's just, well, you know what, this is what the headlines say. And that's the reality of it. And so it was like an eyeopener for him of how he, I said Jordan, for over and over again, that one moment took away all those years of me saying, have your own facts.


Right. Don't let anybody define for you. You define for yourself. That's right. You know, that's the power of this microphone. And that's the power of, of media. Absolutely. Putting those facts out. If we don't control the message, the message will control us. We got a lot to talk about today. A lot your, your city. So yeah. Today we reported earlier about congestion pricing, right? Yes. What's your thoughts on that? I I think it's gonna, it's, it's gonna cripple New York City. You got a lot of people. The bridges already, the tolls already high. It's $17. I think for George Washington, $11 for the Midtown tunnels. Parking is, is extremely high. And now getting into the city, it's gonna be even, it's gonna hurt a lot of people. Even driving the city and people are scared of the subways, you know, with everything been going on, people getting, you know, pushed into the train stations crime and people are scared of New York City.


That's a lot. Let's unpack, let's do the first, First the congestion Pricing happen. We've been to a lot. I have, I have. Hold on. But let's, let's break it down for a moment. Let's break it down in pieces so we can really understand it. First, let's deal with the stuff about people of affairs. Scared of the subways. When I became mayor, no one wanted to be on the subway. We got over 4 million daily riders. I was talking to one of my guys, I was talking to a sister the other day and she said, you know, we have about two 300 crimes happening on this subway system. We have six felonies a day on our subway system. Out of 4 million riders. Look at those numbers. Our s our subway system is a safe system. And we put in a different additional thousand officers to do the high visibility to deal with the reality because safety is not only felt it's perceived.


So those six felonies we gotta get rid of. We're clear, we're clear on that. But people are back on our subway, subway system. But when you deal with specifically congestion prices, a lot of people don't realize these are the city streets. But we had no authority on it. Albany passed the law and turned it over to the MTA, this is the MTAs baby. They should have allowed the city to be able to control how congestion pricing was done. So that $15, we were able to fight to get a hundred million dollars to deal with the environmental impact in the Bronx. We were able to fight to get those who are shift brokers to get a discount. Those who make less than $50,000 to get a discount. But this was a bill that came out of Albany.


So you don't agree with it or do you Agree with it? No, I agree. We gotta deal with something with the congestion in our city. But you don't pass on the course of that, on low income New Yorkers or those who have to come to Manhattan, you may have to have going to your chemotherapy and this is the doctor you have to go to. You should not be hit over there because of that. Oh, People that live in the area, they, they're saying that, that people that actually live in the area when they drive, if they gotta drive uptown to the doctor or they gotta drive, they get charged too. Which Is, yeah, but I, I'm not feeling what people that live in the area, I'm talking about low income, new Yorkers should not have to carry the burden of that. And we ask to have more and a greater input and the shaping of that. But we don't, people don't often realize we are creatures of Albany. Albany passed the laws.


We have to implement, implement the laws that are down here. I I think you're right that there is a difference between perception and fact and how people feel about safety and the way people feel about the subways. And I think it's your own rhetoric about the subways that has a lot to do with why people feel scared. Despite the fact that millions of people ride the subway every day without incident. But you've continued to fearmonger about crime in the subways. You've added 2000 police officers despite the fact that you've acknowledged that the subways are not that dangerous. And I think there is. You're right. Poor New Yorkers should not be the,


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we saved their voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something, you know. And when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my mom, right? Her voice always makes me feel like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my best friend. My wife, her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed at and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation. It's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a caller season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. Classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte to Make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music. Make hands free calls with open air, audio and microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Ones who bear the brunt of this. But they will if they already have the subway being turned into a place that they have to fare, that there's a national guard, that there's a hyper visibility of police, that they're trying to stop people with certain records from even using them. And now you have this congestion price. So how do you reconcile that? Gimme Gimme the quotes on my rhetoric. 'cause I'm, I'm lost on that. Can You gimme the quotes? Oh, that you fair monger about the subways. Yeah. Gimme, oh, you've consistently done that since the day one of your administration, one of the first things you did was add a thousand officers to the subway because you claimed that the subways are unrightable. You and Hool did this and said how dangerous it is. And you recently did that when you deployed the National Guard Sister. But that's not, that wasn't my question Queen. My question was, what was my fear mongering? What did I say? You Continuously say I, I could point to a number of videos and quotes and everything from you, but you've said repeatedly that the subways are dangerous.


That New York is dangerous. You complain about crime relentlessly. So what I'm saying to you is, if you are saying that New York is one of the safest big cities in this country, which is true, and you're recognizing that the subway stations are in fact not half as dangerous as they're presented to be. I'm saying how do you reconcile how your rhetoric has played into people's fair? Okay. And I, and not even just rhetoric, I would say the actions. 'cause she's right. If if you tell us which is different, safe, which is different, but it's the same thing though. If you put a thousand police officers in the subway, 2000 police officers in the subway that don't make us feel safe. We think something's wrong. If you're Doing that. Okay, let, let me, let me first, let me peel back again. 'cause you gotta always peel back this stuff, you know, because oftentimes how you're depict in the media that I I don't control is how people interpret you. I didn't put the national guards in the subway the governor did.


I know I don, but I know what you said. But you said, but you said Eric, you, You, I never, you stood with Governor Kathy Hoel and you co-signed that decision. You did. And I'm not saying this as someone who's following social media. I'm saying that as an attorney in this city and an activist who follows everything that you do. Yeah. If you, I'm glad you do because then you'll realize how I turn the city around. If you follow everything I do, you'll realize that I I would, I would say no. But we could get to that next Loosen up your time man. Yeah. It'll be a long day. And And listen And I enjoy every moment of it. That's right. That's right. You know, because this is what I do. Right. You know, when you, when you come with a serious history, if you file everything, you know I do. You know how long I've been doing this and you know what my record is. So let's peel back what you just stated. Fear is perceived and felt.


That's what fear is. So no matter, as I shared that, we have six felony crimes a day with 4 million riders. If people feel unsafe when we get in the subway system And I ride to subway system And I talk to commuters And I say, what are you feeling? And how do I help you with that fear? They said, Eric, we see more visible uniform offices in our subway system, we're gonna feel safer. So we got it that the numbers are down. Now you may say, Eric, I don't wanna see a visible president of a uniform officer. And that's cool, but that's not what the overwhelming number of New Yorkers are saying. Alright, We got more with Eric Adams and Ole Emmy. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess ais Charlamagne, the guy. We also have Yemi here. And we got a special guest, the Mayor Eric Adams joining us this morning. The mayor of New York City. I should say. People are also upset that they feel like too much money's going to migrants and you're cutting too many programs. Right? They're saying you're cutting the pre-K funding PreK 170 million. They're saying that you're cutting so many different funding for other people That love this question, brother. So, so, so people are feeling like, you know, they never have money for us. But when as soon as migrants come in the country, they find money and, And listen. People have a right to be angry. You know, who's even more angrier than they are? I am. I've been to to Washington 10 times to talk about this subject. So people got a right to be pissed off of what they're doing to New York City.


How can we Fix that? Where, where these like Emini here, we cut A lot of programs. 70 million Pre, but hold on, lemme talk about that. Let's, One days these kids couldn't go to school because migrants took over to school. No, that's not, that wasn't, that wasn't accurate. We always utilize our school buildings during the time of crisis. And if we are saying to ourselves if there's some ama when we had the major fire when I first became mayor and we saw that fire in the Bronx. In the Bronx, yeah. You know, we had to take a school to take care of those people who lived in the building Temporarily, when we have major storms, we take a school to use it temporarily. Schools is part of the resources of the city. And thank God we had something called remote learning where people still, young people are still able to go on to learn but can impose remote learning. But can, we can't say, we can't say that we will use a school building during an emergency, but we're not gonna do it for children that are migrants and asylum seekers.


Some people say whatever you giving a morning what you're giving us, go to the HERC centers where they are. The shelters, the restrooms are outside. The showers are outside, they're sleeping on cots. They get three basic meals a day. And when I go visit them, they say, we don't want any of this from you. All we want to do is have the right to work so we can provide for ourselves. Well in less than, In less than 30 days, migrants won't be allowed to work for federal guidelines. And they, they won't be allowed to be housed in NYC anymore in NYT anymore. So where will they go after that? They finding their way out of the 184,000, 60% of them found their way. Like many of us have done. You notice, you don't hear about the the way they Gonna get housing in 30 days. Though Many of them, we, we giving them intense care.


We're not just telling you, come here, hang out for 30 days and we're not gonna help you. No. In those 30 days. And if, and if you are a young person, you getting 60 days. But in those 30 days or 60 days, we're giving you intense care. We're showing you how to find your way in our city, we're showing you how to go about applying for housing, how to go about applying for the services that you need. And some people were saying, we never wanted to come to New York at all. We wanted to come to another city. But go, governor Al Albin said, no, we sending you to New York. New York. Think about this for a moment. We got thousands of Ukrainian migrants. Thousands. Do you hear about 'em? No. Because they Could work just, just Mexican. And Africans is the only one you hear about. 'cause they could work. They have the right to work.


So, so we wouldn't even be having this conversation if we gave them the authority to work. And you know, the real irony of this, we need workers. I need lifeguards. I need food service workers. Many of these migrants from violence, Venezuela, a nurses and other professionals. I need people to back stretch workers. Other states are telling me, Eric, we will take the migrants and asylum seekers if they just allow them to work. We not gonna take them and just have 'em sit around every day. If they're allowed to work, we will take them. I I agree with you. National government, she agrees with you. I agree with you that migrant should be able Agreed with, she agreed with a lot of stuff. Trust that. No, no, she on that train. I trust you that I do not. She's on that train. I'm sitting here. Mayor Adams, she's gonna be dialing 9 1 1. First of all, I ride the subway every day.


I've worked as a public offender in this city and represented thousands of people. I I Have two more questions. How do debit cards for migrants compare to New York City welfare benefit? Here's what happened. We were paying people because we, by law, we gotta feed them three meals a day. We gotta get feed the migrants three meals a day. When I told the team we spent, we gotta bring down the cost of this by 30%. 'cause it was costing us so much money. $12 billion over three years, $4 billion already. One of the places was food. We were seeing that we were having a 10% food waste. So my team came together. First Deputy Mayor Sheena Wright, first black woman to be a first deputy mayor. She, she came up with a team called Mofi, the MWBE Black product.


They said that we can give people food cards where they can only purchase food and baby supplies. You will save a 60 $600,000 a month. In course people will buy the food that they want and not giving it to them from someone from some large conglomerate. Then they will ha have to spend the cars in the bodegas, the supermarkets, the local stores. So the money stays inside the com community and, and the program is run by a person of a person of color. We're saving seven mil over $7 million a year where no more food waste because people are buying what they want. It's a black-owned company. So we putting money back into a black businesses, like I said, I I I was going, going to do, and you cannot buy anything but food or baby supplies.


It's a complete win. But people heard it and it was sensationalized, oh, you're giving money to migrant. They only get $13 a day for those three meals. It's it's a win program. Oh, is it A win? Yeah. It's not that I have a problem with it, it's that again, the sensationalism has a lot to do with the fact that you got up and declared that we have this migrant crisis. And I thought it was ear interesting, your earlier point about the difference between how Ukrainian migrants are being received versus migrants black and latino migrants. Because again, you gave a town hall where you were the one who gave this speech and, and in like, you incentivized New Yorkers to feel this way Here, which way? This feel like there is a migrant crisis where the migrants are being treated differently than them. Where they're getting resources that the migrants are getting resources that are not being given to them. Because you were the one who presented to, to the city that you had to cut budgets across because of the migrant crisis.


Even though recently the, you decided that y'all actually do have the money to handle the migrant issue that just wasn't publicized as much. So this goes back to my original sister Discussion. Sister, you an attorney and you, I, I'm amazed. I think your art is, I'm just gonna throw it out there and, and make people feel Mayor Adams, before you say there's an entire council council that knows you're lying. Let me sister, let me, let me, we, we still don't have the money for the migrant. We spending $12 billion in three years. $4 billion already. What I said to New Yorkers at that town hall, this issue will bankrupt our, will destroy our city. This issue you Call specific countries. I remember you calling the countries that the migrants were from.


Not, they weren't the Ukrainian migrants. You weren't talking about them. So What happens when New York City doesn't have the money for migrants? And then, you know a good question. The migrants are in this city and they probably have to do what most poor people have to do, which sometimes resort to crime. Right. How is that gonna make the city safe? Right? Right. And and and that's, and that's part of the problem. The real focus should be on our national government that's saying, why you doing this to New York? So our folks, what they wanted to happen, governor wanted it to happen. We're gonna turn these of, of cities against their mayors. We are gonna create this environment where they're all going to go against their mayors and, and, and they're using this to say, okay, these black mayors are not competent. They can't run their cities. They're getting everything to the migrants and asylum seekers.


This was a perfectly executed plan that we are buying into to Make black mayors look bad across the Country. Exactly. And when we, when we are doing just the opposite, they playing us man. They playing us. Wow. You know that I i I respect any elected official who can come have this conversation. 'cause these are the tough questions from your Constituents. Without a doubt, without doubt. But when my, when my gloves are hung up, people gonna look at listen say, that was an authentic bald-headed earring wearing brother that did his thing. As the mayor of the city of New York, the most important city on the globe is being run by a person who was dyslexic, arrested, rejected. And now I'm elected be the mayor of the city.


Well, there You have it. It's Mayor Eric Adams. Oh, let me ole o Lauren. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey everybody, it's DJ MV Angela Yee, Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He done curse us out. Tell him get it off your chest. Bird man said it already. I ain't gotta talk no more because I, I I don't understand the angle. Like why, like what said it already. So why come here? I did it already. I'm here. So what's happening Emini here. It's all good. But I'm saying why, why, why? And I'm here. What's happening? I'm all good. But I'm saying why come here just curse up. What's happening man? I wanted to see you. I wanted to talk to you on your man and your face. Absolutely. You understand me? I knew a few places you was at.


I could have pulled up but I don't thought that was gangster. I wanted to come look in your face like a man and tell you how I feel. Okay. You understand me straight up like a man. So what's the issue? No shit. Ain't no issue. If it was a issue, you, you'll feel me. I just come to let y'all know Stop. Put some respect on my name. You understand me When y'all saying my name, put some respect on it. Did you, did you pull up on Ross that way or trick Daddy? Yeah, I'm pulling up on you nigga. Yeah, but I'm the radio guy. Why I pull up on the radio, radio guy. I don't act tough with the radio guy. I hear my nigga. Y'all, y'all y'all finished or y'all done? Y ain't got no more talking. Let's rock. Alright. Yeah, Well grand open and grand closing. Alright, well there you have it.


Ah, we good. We good. You there You Have man, what about on my notes? We be good. That's it. Quickest Breakfast Club. Well that's The Breakfast Club I show Morning. If you ever Good morning. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Vy, Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess. Hilarious. Our guest co-host. Yep. And we got a special guest in the building. Sexyy Red. What's up girl? What's up? How are you? First of all, you pregnant, you blowing up but you still gotta work. So how you feeling this morning? Tired. You know I'm Tired too Early. Then your doctor say relax and take it easy. You ain't been listening? Nope. I been seeing you.


You've been working, traveling, doing shows, videos. Every time I go to the doctor they be like, you still working? You need to sit down. Do you feel like you gonna miss the moment if you don't, you know if you No, I gotta get, I can't stop work. I gotta get this money. Yeah, work. Don't stop. 'cause you ready. Absolutely. Well when you came in here, I, I spoke to you and the first thing you said was No you can at least look at me. She Don't even wanna look at you. For Real. You ain't gotta mess with me. But you can look at you Just say, Hey Charlamagne, DJ NB just said hello to she like, sneak And I, yo I was gonna say her damn from her head. I Miss. Oh I see you. No. Yeah, no. I spoke to her and she said I don't mess with you Jess. And I said, why? She said, because you be sneak this. And I said, all right, tell me what's wrong. Tell me about it.


What's up. That's the truth. Alright, let me know why you be sneaking. All right. How do you feel like I sneak this. I be, I see everything. I was trying to make sureand. Y'all wouldn't sneaking before I came up here too. What she do doing what you did? She do. When I go home I find it for y'all. I don you. Lemme Google. You just know what it's, you just don't remember. Yeah. Oh maybe I do remember. I ain't gotta bring it up though. I just know. Let me Google, let me see. All right. You gonna really Google it. I just wanna see It be a couple times I done seen you comment under something under Instagram that got something to do to me. Like I just be like, why? Why did she keep But I have never, it, it's never, I said you want her talking about me before sex? I see every, I remember everybody's faces.


Right. I remember As you should. So you knew when you saw Jessica Lar you ain't wanna say nothing to her? Yeah, I ain't even know she was gonna be here today. Oh you wouldn't have came Emini here. I would've, I was gonna say come on yo, I would've still came. I just ain't know. Listen, let me ask you something. Did anybody try to talk you outta having the baby because of the way your career is going? Man. Who? Was it the label or the No, My label said I'm grown like is yours? Yeah. Was was the baby planned? Yo, you, I can't ask you no questions though. Was the baby playing sexy with the baby plan? Exactly. I can't ask you. You know I can't ask you no questions. Y Sexy Ray was the baby planned. I just Answered to him like he, yo, I got some questions like for real just answer. Look over there and answer him.


You ain't gotta look at me. I Feel you was the baby planned Ms. Sex Ray? Oh kind of and kind of not but Emini here. I was shocked when it happened but I I wanted another baby though At this time. Or you was gonna wait or Emini here. I ain't know my career was gonna take off like that. But I did want a baby. 'cause my son, he already three so I'm like, I I want another Baby. When did you realize your career was taking off? When I first dropped downtown. Downtown. But I remember back in 2018 when you red Vanessa Carlton's a thousand miles. You know you did a thousand jugs. That's, that's like the first thing that you really did. That got you like on the map though, right online. Charlamagne says that it, yo Did we did this, you did this thing called a thousand jugs, which They didn't even know about.


I, I did my research on you like who I wanna, She really like you. That's why tripping. That's Why I'm like Emini here. I ain't had no wrong with her at first. I used to laugh at her little videos and all that. She ain't funny no more. And I Little videos. She not, not the your little videos. That ain't fair though. If you think somebody funny, they No, I'm sorry. It, it's all good but can It ain't not funny when they get on you a little bit. It is all good. I didn't get on her a little bit. I just don't agree with everything she say and dude, that's all. Okay. When they tried to talk you outta having a baby, what did you say to them? I'm like, I don't like when people do stuff like that. 'cause if I'm happy about my baby then I don't need nobody in my ear. Like who? Aborted? Aborted. Like I ain't like that.


Especially For a career. I, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Like I still got a whole life to live. Like what? I don't do this for nobody For me. Were you inspired by other people who like, you know, like Cardi who who said I choose the child over? No, I ain't think about none of that. It is my life. I don't live for other people. I really don't. I do what I want to do. Who, who did you listen to growing up? Like who inspired you? Yo, you still, can you please just look at me one time? Oh she looking at me. All right. It is a video that you interviewed that you did where you said the most romantic thing that ever happened to you that a guy has done is robbed somebody. Yeah. And then give you the money. Yeah. Why was that romantic to you? I did say something about that. Why he is that Ed his life he risked his life.


Okay. What if you were the woman that he robbed? It was a Girl robbed another. Damn. Okay. Emini here. Not saying like it was right 'cause it was a dude but Emini here. Like when you risking your life for me that means something to you all. Cool. Can I ask you another S that belly itching too. Another one. Give her some lotion or so. Oh baby, it's lotion. She not gonna take no from you. This ain't my way. This is all the main I was, you know. So How did you and and Drake get so tight? Because he was a with me, like everybody with me except Jess. No, he was messing me. Question Is, I agree now that I I I'm like damn everybody her except for Jess.


How you man to turn on You like that? That's your people. That's your guy. That's your homie. This is crazy. Do AKAs get mad at you 'cause you Just say ski? No, I ain't even know. That's what they be saying. People tell me and they like, they probably gonna use your song to dance. What does it mean? What what is the meaning behind ski? Can you apologize to me first? Sexy. I apologize for offending you in any way. I do not have beef with you. Okay? I I just don't agree with everything you doing say but I do love you as an artist. I love you as a woman. Right? Because I heard you listening to my songs and then that's that was before and then that's when to woman And I seen you down talking on me. No ma'am. But you have to know Sexyy Red.


You are a public figure now. People gonna have Oh we have the clip. We have clip that we figure too. Don't start don't bring nothing. Don't start nothing now she just apologize. It's over. No, let's hear it right. Okay, let's listen then let's listen, let's Listen a little while back. Sexy Bread got a lot of attention for saying that she trusted the wrong guy that gave her chlamydia twice. And we know that she has never been shy about the details of her sex life because see what I'm saying? She told my video guy when he asked her a question about her bucket list. So we got that audience is my video guy. I lost work. We met her. I'm trying to see this video. I ain't, I already, I already seen her talk. Did I say that You got what's on your bucket list for this year?


Get a lot of ho you know what? Yeah I play too much. But who would take that seriously? Yo, can I get that thousand though? Nope. Lexi. No, no you ain't Buying it now That you did. I told him I was a liar. But now that you used, you see what I said? Like it ain't, yo it wasn't like it wasn't, that's not the only clip though. Damn. I thought that was the worst one. I've never, literally never said she worse than that. Yeah, I ain't tripping no more. 'cause she, she's, she a Can we Start over and, and none of that is but How do you, how do you expect people not to react to stuff like that Though? And like she said she be playing. You know what Emini here? Nah, you know I feel like everybody just be coming down on me like I don't even gotta say nothing. They just be coming. They be trying to talk about my looks like anything y'all do.


They do. I have never ever came at her. Looks are nothing, never done that to you? No, not you can never say that. I'm just saying The girl in hill, I say look like Sexyy Red around the eyes. She work here her what? What you mean around the eyes? You'll see if she walk in here, she wear the same, she wear Masks so she wear the same glasses. She always, She can wear glasses. You Like you look like Sexyy Red. So can we start over ladies? Everybody always think somebody look like me, like yeah I ain't got time. Does it bother you? It clearly don't bother you when they say you and Thug are like brother and sister Repost. That's my, yeah, that's my twin. Well ladies and Gentlemen, Sexyy Red here. She has a album, A Hood Hottest Princess out now and now that we got everything squashed out, we got more with Sexyy Red when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's Djj Envy.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Sexyy Red Jess hilarious is our guest co-host Jess. So do you, do you know what gender the baby is? Nope. Nope. You don't wanna know yet? Nope. Okay. You don't believe in Baby Reveals? I feel like you'd have a fire agenda reveal. I Was gonna have a fire in real, but nah, I ain't gonna do all that. I ain't gonna do all that. Yeah. Why you didn't wanna do it? Just because of it. Just 'cause like it. I got too much going on like my life. Too busy. I ain't, my baby shower gonna be like last minute like right before I can do so. Are you happy Sexyy Red? Like genuinely? Yeah. Okay. I'm happy. I love money. You gotta love money but, but you, What does the baby, what does the baby do? Do you love all of this that you gotta do to get it though?


February. On February. Do you love all of this you gotta do to get it? No. That's what you want. Emini here.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte to make A latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air, audio and microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are On tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


Turn. Yeah, lemme turn. And then I'm always busy. It just be too much. Have you adjusted to the fame of it all? No, Because I still be sitting, they be like, you know they gonna take that and twist it. Like I don't be knowing what to say or what not say and like I just still feel like I'm just a regular little, you know, I don't be feeling like I'm no celebrity. Yeah. And people be putting cameras in my face. I be like, why is they doing all that? Like they be like this what? Come with it. I don't be without that though. Yeah. Was you really fucking Drake? That was another thing I saw when they asked you about Drake. You like I be fucking Ah, no. See that's what I'm sound be playing. She playing. How? How you Supposed to know when you playing Sexyy Red? It don't matter y'all. They take, I feel like people take the internet too serious. That's why I be messing with y'all like, yeah, I play with y'all heads like, I like that y'all not gonna really know what's going on.


Y'all just, y'all believe anything y'all see, I don't believe everything I see on the internet, I be like, man, that's real. This gotta be fake. I be like, man, I don't believe this until I see the proof. Then I'll be like, okay, I believe in it. So look what a lot of, go ahead. Do you ever feel a way about seeing little kids online reciting your lyrics or like, you know, a lot for this past Halloween, a lot of moms dressed their daughters up as Sexyy Red, you know, how do you feel about, does that make you feel a way or it's like, 'cause you're not obligated to be anybody's role model. Yeah. But do you feel a type of way about it? No, I feel like that's, that's what's up. Like yeah, because when I was little Emini here, we looked up to the older girls and stuff. Even the ones that was bad, like just 'cause they do bad stuff that Emini here. Like, I don you bad people. They are a bad person.


They, they ain't no bad people. We still looked up to them, you know, they was probably talking crazy or they don't mean nothing. They just personality, I feel like, I think when you come from a certain environment, you learn not to judge people for what they do when they're in survival mode. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Like, I don't be judging nobody. I, I been like that though. I just let everybody do them. 'cause you never know what they going through. So I just be like, maybe they did that for a reason. So I don't be mad at nobody. You got people from your hood leaning on you as far as like financials. Like, yo rad, I know you got it. Throw me something. I just heard that somebody was in the hood talking stuff about me, talking about I ain't putting no guns in the hood And I ain't doing this and that. I'm like, what? I be, I be throwing block parties there at the having barbecue ice cream, like bouncy house.


I be doing all kind of stuff for the hood. So I'm like, that's crazy. Why would He want you to put guns in the hood? Yeah. They think I'm they protector. Y'all better get it. Like I got it. Yeah I did. Rich Baby Daddy was your verse actually longer? 'cause it seems like it was short. Yes it Was. So Drake cut the verse. Yeah. And he cut pieces up. 'cause that beat wasn't even on that beat. It was on another beat. And I had did a verse like a 16 boy and probably over a hook and then he cut it up, chopped it up. He he put two different songs together actually. Really? Yeah. It was two different Songs. That should have been your song. That should have been you and Scissor by yourself. Why is it? I just think it would've took off more if it was, it was from me. Just them. It's the number one record Emini Here. You took off more.


You don't think so? It's the number one song. It's the number one record. I think Drake made it take off. Yeah. I I no, I like the record. I love the record. Actually I don I be seeing y'all listen to it. Oh, you saw that? Yeah. They be turning up. They bend that ass over. Yeah. Did you, did you see the conversation we had about your lyrics? Right. And I was saying that every generation, there's a woman rapper who pushes the boundary of lyrics. Like you not really doing nothing different than Lil Kim was doing. Or even Salt and Pepper in the eighties. Like everybody sitting, sitting edgy for their time. All That's all I be saying, like, people be getting on me. But I be like, why is that the only thing y'all heard when I say something about a shit they take the and just, that's all she's talking about. Like what? That's all y'all got from that. I be saying all kind of stuff in Song Emini here.


To be fair, the hook is called Pink Booty Round. That is the hook. Like the song, that song was strictly about Pound Town. So that's, that's nothing. Yeah. But saying you have others. Yeah. Other songs. Other songs in your catalog where you're not just talking about Yeah, we like why do y'all think I just rap about that all day? Like I don't understand that. If that's the only song somebody's heard, I can understand why they Yeah. Come to that conclusion. Yeah. Do you have a favorite song so far of your own Downtown. Downtown that your Because it got me out the trenches. Yeah. Downtown got you out the trenches. I love it. I I knew, I knew it was though, like when I recorded, I came out the booth. I'm like, this the one this gonna get me out the hood. I told everybody. So when your team heard that hook, what, what was that was? Everybody was laughing. We was all in the studio laughing.


'cause I was freestyling. Yeah. And then they was like, be serious. Like this ain't serious. You ain't serious honey, Be serious. And you was like, this is gonna be It. I'm like this, they gonna like it. They gonna fuck it, trust me. And they like, no they wasn't believing it one that song. They was just like, but now they be like okay. She know she strategized. She knew what she talking about. She know what her people like. Now people said that you leaked your sex tape on purpose because of, because of ine. You wanted them to show you wanted them to show, you wanted to show what color it was show. No, that was the wackiest video bro. I was tired. I'm fat pregnant, didn't even feel like doing. So that's why I'm like, and then that's the one get leaked. I got all kinds of stuff in my phone. How did stuff get leaked in 2023? I don't know bro.


Wanna sell your phone Or No, it was was in the moment and then set the phone down. But I ain't the one that did it. It was in the moment, set the phone down, threw it and then, you know, and then it had accidentally pressed she, she Said she got all text of work on her phone. You don't delete it now. Now after That it's my phone. Don't y'all got y'all phone real? No. And I don't know why they lying. I do. That's what I'm saying. I got that man. When I say like I could really go viral, I could be a spot, but I Don't for reasons like that. Somebody break into your phone. No, Nobody broke into my phone. I already know what happened but I could really be a star. What happened if I post the real stuff? I think you should tell people what happened so it don't happen to other people.


I just did. You said you just threw the phone and it, Okay, this is what happened. It was on Instagram, like a little short clip video. Like just making it on Instagram and saved it to the phone. Then through the phone. But the video still was on my screen and then through the phone and it got accidentally pressed like that. Mm. Like sent to public? Yeah. Like who gonna do that on purpose? I was like, what? And this was the Wackest video. Like, y'all really don't want me to post the real ones now. Mm. I turned up. I don't think that you posted it yourself. I don't think you leaked at yourself because you, you, it was a, it took you a minute to post again. Like you, you didn't go online. Yeah, I was feeling mad until like a week was hot. Like it was a minute.


I was hot. Yeah. Who Was you mad at yourself? Yeah, Just Mad at yourself Like well that it happened period. Yeah, that it got out. I ain't the one did it. It wasn't me. So somebody did it? Yes. They was mad at you? No, it was an accident but it still was like you dumb like pay attention, be smarter. Like you moving too loose like Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Are you in love now? Sexyy Red? Yeah, with the money Because everybody wondering who your baby daddy is. It might be you Charlemagne. No, don't do that. I'm a married man. Hey Married man Must be a maculate conception. Did you see Charlemagne before he you know, had a Oh his surgery face done surgery.


I was her type. Yeah. Nah, hell no. Not how old Charlamagne. Hell no. You ain't never seen what you get done now. Let me see. Chemical peels and stuff. Bad discoloration. He bleached the skin. He bleached had really bad discoloration bleached his skin. For real. Where you go right there, get a Oh for real? Yeah. I look like your first baby daddy in it. Yeah. Hell nah. Yeah right, right. You ain't want that. Yeah, you do look different though. Yeah. Yeah. So just I was done too. No, I'm just, so just know if the baby is says that ain't what it's gonna look like. This is going be Ooh I changed my mind. I changed my mind. Would you ever wanna get married? Sexyy Red. You think I feel like merge That ain't real.


Like you could sign, you could have a whole ceremony and still get cheated on. Yeah, I do it just to do it like 'cause it look like it look like a good time. It look like a good, you confessing your love in front of everybody. But I feel like that's all it is. You just confessing your love in front of people. So it's the cheating like the cheating as well. Yeah. People be doing some wrong stuff. You could be in a real relationship with somebody who love you and it might be some infidelity on both sides. No It is not supposed. What's the point of us doing all this in front of people act like we gonna be together and not mess with other people. Like it be married people catching As and stuff like that's not right. You never been cheated on. Yeah, that's why I, that's why she gets say have you cheated Talk about it. Yeah. Okay. Emini here only 'cause I got cheated on but I don't be the cheating first.


And that don mean you don't love the person. Right but that don't, that don't mean like I could be faithful. I could be real faithful when I love somebody. But once you show me you not faithful, then it's like what is we doing? Why is that? Why I gotta be faithful then. Yeah. Alright. We got more with Sexyy Red when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Sexyy Red Jess. That's number 13. Number 13. Guess I could though. But I don Sexy. These ain't my question. I'm what the hell going on? That's A lie. There's rumors that you what? I don what you This this is what they want me asked. There's rumors that you and NLE Choppa was a thing for a minute. What happened with Char? Who the hell made that up?


I ain't right. I ain't You did Charlemagne. Yeah. Come on Now. You did. I never thought that. Why You think I would do something like that? Sexy. Why You tell to ask And I you exactly. Because I didn't want to ask you about sleeping with somebody. But I remember I asked you. You already did. I know I just stupid twice. I know I like to lie too sexy. No, I don't be talking about, I don't be asking questions like that. No Emini here wouldn't never know. Why would we? I ain't no industry. Hmm. If that's what y'all wanna know, I ain't had sex with nobody. They be choosing though for sure. They mean The dms Crazy. Yeah. Hell yeah. They be choosing if you want know I don care. They people be on the internet trying to oh she ugly. I never mess with a Sexyy Red. You can find a Sexyy Red on the block if them be the same in my inbox And I probably ignore them or somewhere like be really choosing for real.


I think Sexyy Red. I still be In the hood. Be at home cooking love, love her man. I think you want you a good domesticated woman. That's what I believe. You think she be loving on her man? Clearly do you. That's why she pregnant now. And he know that. That's what Emini here. When I say it is just real. I believe it. You are who you say you are. But I believe like all of that freak you be talking that ain't you. Ain't you about that with him? Yeah. That's why I'm saying when peoples bringing up that stuff about like when I said I had cock edia it wasn't my fuck. Right. Be cheating. Right. Yeah. That ain't my damn fuck yeah. No, no, no. I it was when you said you spent the block on him, it was my baby Emini here. You said you spent Okay. All right so all right, I got you all right.


Yeah, You locked up. That's the one that's locked up because you the Freemont song you got. Yeah that's the fur baby daddy. Yeah. He gave you chlamydia damn Wet. Who got why ain't gonna put that man. She just said that. We don't know who did, first of all. Is he upset you pregnant now I know that can't wait to come home to try and get you. Yeah, but he like trying to fight me, me and my baby daddy. We real cool like okay he, he knows like Emini here. Sometimes people they self a situation like you left me. Yeah. With your son. So it's like he Ain't leave. It's not like he wanted to go. He was, he was doing to make himself like you know. When's He coming home? I don't know. Soon. Oh fool. That's big cheese. He said you got pregnant while he was locked up. Nah, That's big shit.


Nah, he did come on Out. We wasn't together though man. My baby daddy broke up when my son was six months. My son three now. But we always was like still cool. He still was coming off my house. He knew I ain't had no other like I just was a stay at home mama doing me like before parent town drop. I just was at home with my son 'cause I can't do shit. I got my son all the time. Was he supportive when you was rapping? Was he supportive? Yeah He was. He was very supportive. He used to give my son whenever I had to show whatever I had to do. Yeah. And what were you doing before you were rapping before you decided to rap? I was doing her, yeah I used to do her that go to St. Louis that I was doing her What like installations, wig installations and Stuff? Yeah, everything. For real? Yeah. Braids all that Lashes. I did Everything. Show me somebody hair. You did.


Was you good? Really? You was good. I, I was great. Ain't in St. Louis was going to you. I Was the hood hot as her style is. I Don't believe you gotta show me. That's How everybody knew me 'cause I was doing everybody hair. So how So how you going ahead to start rapping? What made you start rapping in My baby Diddy? This when he was my boyfriend at the time. He had, he was cheating on me. He used to my first baby. Oh my god. He used to always cheat on me. Is he sick now that now that you're successful, did he call you all the time like hey Nah, but he, they be in jail like talking about me and stuff. So he heard everything but nah, he was just cheating on me all the time. And then I had made a this song about him 'cause it was just like he was cheat all the time. You know he a lot of bitches but he is one you know that he really like.


So I seen the women so I'm like ooh I can't, I hated this so bad. You ain't do nothing. Oh baby I did do something. That's the point of the story. I did it. I definitely did. Got pressed. You ran down on him. On her. And I done call my baby daddy in so much I didn't. So you done key cars, you done broke windshields, you done flat and Tires cause all come, what's Worst thing you done did to an ex or it's caused property? The worst thing I did is got pregnant Emini here. Damn. For real. Because me and my baby daddy, we said we'll never have babies outside each other. That was supposed to be my only baby daddy. Right. That was like, that's just something we both was like Damn. But you did that on purpose. You couldn't wait to tell him. I didn't do that on purpose.


I was scared to tell him. Everybody was telling him I knew I was pregnant but everybody was already snitching on me. I'm like no that's not true. He like it Idiot. So you looking him dead in his face lying knowing you had a, he was in jail knowing you ain't had a period he was in jail. Oh knowing that you ain't have a period. Hey yo. No dumb. But look he was my baby daddy. He used to be cheating on me. So I had made a this song about him and then he was like, I rapped it to him. He was like dang that mug hard. So then that's when we would be in the car around his friends. He like rap your song to them showed him your song. So now I rapped the song. They like oh you actually know how to rap. So I'm like for real y'all with it. Then that's when I just went to the studio and made a real song. Yeah, but I'm sure a lot of people in St. Louis look up to you 'cause they can see themselves in you.


You know what Emini here, I'm relatable. For real. Just a red low girl from the north side. For real. Like When you was on stage barefoot and pregnant doing the chicken head, My feet was hurting And I had to Take the, the chicken head Because when you, because when she dance she got heels on. You can tell it hurts. So she like mother just doing stop doing this without heels. Hate, I hate wearing heels on stage. I want them to get you some nice red slippers though. So Yeah, because I don know what, what's going on with these stages. You don't know if they clean stages like No I'm just saying you, you Said the stages is dirty. The stages Could be dirty but y just dunno. As soon as I get off stage, I got my pupils right there as soon as like soon as I walk off it's a turn for me. I sit down, they got the disinfectant wipes, the towel, my shoes, they clean my food.


All that dope. Yep. Soon, like soon as I got, I got video soon as I get off stage. They got dope every time. Yeah. Well sexy, we glad that you could join us. I thank you so much. I'm happy. I'm happy that you did come. Yeah, I'm happy that you look, she ain't, she was honest. I'm happy that you was honest. I'm happy that I got you to look at me and all of that And I appreciate you man. Yeah, I appreciate y'all For having So that mean Jess can't talk about you no more? Nope. No damn ever. Nope. Agree know she be trolling regardless. What just came up and said nope. No, she just came up here and said I be trolling like I'm, I'm regular. I I if y'all think this all I'm gonna let y'all go ahead think that I'm gonna just, yeah I don't, I don't cry clear nothing up like yeah I don't clear rumors up like whatever you heard believe it, that's on you.


I got you. I agree you yeah you gotta know me to know me like Yeah That's right because we don't know none of these people online so who give a damn about their opinion anyway. Right. Who c cares about what other people is doing is what I be wanting to know because I don't, that's what I don't understand. I don't be tripping off what nobody else got going on 'cause it like they, the ones gotta live their life, not me. So I don't, that's what I'm saying. I don't be judging people, I just, I don't care. You like to read don't you? Got You. No. Oh okay. Why? Because you wear glasses. Snippet Emini here so she glasses don't mean everything stupid. Alright look, get outta here. Sexyy Red ladies and gentlemen appreciate you. Sexyy Red you so much don't be a stranger. Appreciate your time. It's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning.


Make sure you tell 'em to watch out for Florida. Man. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. Yes you are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocut his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. But The Breakfast Club bitches donkey other day with Charla Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. You know Donkey of the day goes the two Miami men named Carlos m Garcia Aji, AJ Aji. It can't be a legit, his name ain't a legit.


Would it be Aji you too old to be Aji and Valdo. J Garcia Vento. Okay, 40 and 41 years old. Now listen, what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. Now today's story has me thinking about this Diddy situation because if you haven't heard, one of the pieces of evidence law enforcement is using against Diddy is the 1000 bottles of lubricant and baby oil they found in his home that they say were used in these alleged freak offs. Diddy was having. Okay, now when I heard about the 1000 bottles of lube and baby oil, I said to myself, there wasn't a dry booty in the house. Okay, not one single solitary set of dry cheeks.


Then I thought to myself, well what else did Diddy have in bulk in the house? Some people go to Costco and just buy things in bulk. Maybe that was just a bulk purchase. And I know we was all wondering where does a man buy 1000 bottles of lubricant and baby oil? Well, we may have our answer because these two Miami men, Carlos, and Valdo were suspects in a theft ring and they steal from major retailers like Publix, Walmart, CBS, Walgreens, and Winn Dixie. And they got busted with thousands of dollars worth of stolen merchandise. Okay? $5,000 to be exact, including, but not limited to razor blades, fishing gear, cosmetics, and 400 sticks of deodorant.


I repeat 400 sticks of deodorant. Okay? That's the one that's getting me 400 sticks of deodorant. They got caught because police had a description of their vehicle, a brown G-M-C-S-U-V, they had just hit a Walmart. So when a deputy saw them run a red light, why would you run a red light when you know you got all these stolen items in your, your your vehicle. They ran a red light, they conducted a traffic stop and then these two Florida fools took the cops on a short chase. Okay? Deputies reviewed Walmart security footage and that's when they saw one of the guys stealing a pack of Gillette razor blades. And when they searched the vehicle, they found six large trash bags full of suspected stolen items, including the 400 sticks of deodorant.


I have so many thoughts about this situation. Number one, if I was law enforcement, my first question would be, do you know Sean Combs? And have you ever sold him any astroglide in bulk? My second question is, I understand these men committed a crime, but are they really doing a service? See people be musty, man. Some of y'all underarms be out here smelling like weed the whole out pack. So, so many people amongst us be making right guard, go left. You make speed stick slow down. Sure, not really. I don't know what it is. Maybe in my old age my nose is a lot more sensitive than it used to be. Or maybe everyone is trying to go natural when they shouldn't be. So when you got folks walking around smelling like funions, I'm not mad at these brothers for having 400 sticks of deodorant on deck.


Okay? They have a heat advisory today in Miami. Okay, I feel like these two brothers is fed up. Do you know how many, how do you know how musty people must be for them to say we have to go steal as much ax as possible? They just as fed up as the first person to invent deodorant. Do you know how fed up with the smell of armpits one must be to go home and start inventing things to prevent said smell. Deodorant was introduced in the late 18 hundreds. That means people was musty at the last supplement all through the 14 hundreds, 15 hundreds, 16 hundreds, 17 hundreds, most of the 18 hundreds folks was stinking until someone invented this thing that killed older causing bacteria called mum.


That was the name of it. Mum, look it up. I have no idea what that means, but in my brain it registers as musty, underarm mammal. So there is a part of me that wants to applaud these men for stealing all this deodorant for people. But on the flip side, they made it hard for folks who know they need deodorant but can't find none in Miami because they done stole it all. Same way, you probably couldn't find no lubricant or baby oil wherever Diddy was at because he had it all at his house. Now that I think about it, that's a bottom trap. Imagine being a bottom going in the store. To find the lube you need to have a good night. And


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all, all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, classic style, innovative tack. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee desperately. So you Say, Hey meta, how do I make a latte To make a latte brew? Two shots of Espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you start walking to work and you need a soundtrack. Hey, meta play hip hop music With the built-in camera. You snap a pick of a dope mural on the side of a building that's you think is worth sharing. Hey, meta text my last photo to Eva. Sending Message After work. You head to meet some friends. Hey, nice glasses, RayBan Meta Glasses. The next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Listen to music, make hands free calls with open air audio and built-in microphones and so much more all while staying present to The World around you. Shop RayBan Meta Glasses at meta.com/smart glasses.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh at the biggest names in comedy like Sco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, Stavros ies, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


They tell you they don't have any because someone from Combs Enterprises bought it all. Now you are forced to attend a Diddy party just to get what you need, which is a simple bottle of lube life. Next thing you know, you're slipping, you're falling, got D in your butt. What these men have been charged with multiple felonies, yo grand theft, all for $5,000 in items. They're gonna spend more than that on bond and lawyer fees. So please give Carlos m Garcia a jet and nado. Jay Garcia Bento the biggest. Hee-haw.


Alright, You a wild boy man. Thank you for that donkey today. How you thought about that slip and falling in the black last night. I don did you come up with That? I don I don't even remember what I just said. Mm, That's based off experience. Just black out and go The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got some special guests joining us this morning. Yes indeed. We Have Tia and the brother Young Joe, welcome fellas. Hey, what's up? What's up? How y'all feeling this morning, man? Good. I'm blessed. We know you. We know, We know. First and foremost. Congratulations man. Thank you.


How does it feel? I heard that, that you're not really taking any shows anymore. That g that got to be the first thing I'm say. Congratulations. Thank you. I appreciate it. That's how we show. That's actually our show. But yeah, I'm excited about it, man. You know, it's gonna be a dope show and, and you know, I still have other performance stuff that I agreed to when I felt like I needed to do it With PSE or just, Yeah. And I, And I still, you know, know what I'm saying? The PSE, you know what I'm saying? They, they probably, they going get like probably three, four, you know what I'm saying? Three, four of them. Like all come on y'all, let's do it. You know, like one ear quarter. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just joking man. I'm just joking. But I'm for, I Sitting over doing this to me doing this, man, Don't worry about it man.


Plenty room on the yacht, man. Plenty room on the yacht. You Know, RA I was always told retirement is not an age, it's an income. And we heard you say that this solo album gonna be your last album. Yeah. Like NB just said. You said it's gonna be your last show. Yeah. Flash paint show. But that, that don't mean that I'm not going to work. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like, there are other things that I'm doing. I'm still writing, producing, directing films. I'm, I'm working on my third one. We about to start filming. It's called Situation Ships. A romantic comedy based in Atlanta. Law Line is looking for love in Atlanta. Good luck. I'm excited about that. It's the first film that I be directing and starring in myself. Terrence j Brittany Hall, Dominique Perry. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, we got, you know what I'm saying, other things that we doing, I'm probably finna shoot my special end of the year.


You know what I'm saying? Now, Joe, You took a step back man. You, you, you took a step back. You ain't put out what, 2015? Mm. Took a step back. Yeah. Emini here. Like as far as put putting out albums. Yeah, yeah. Like, you know what Emini here, over that period of time it, I still put out like little pieces of projects and things that like that of that nature. You know what Emini here, I think we did after that we had TikTok. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Put out TikTok and, and then I went into rehab and stuff like that. Emini here. So I've been rebuilding myself as a a person. Absolutely. You know what Emini here, I felt like I should dig into the inside of me and find out what, what I have to give to the public. You feel what I'm saying?


And if, if, if, if nobody can find the good in you or see the good in you, I think you should give him a hug and tell him life is difficult for the blind. You know, that's real. He had he, he had the DD you know what I'm saying? When when did, when did you decide or what got you into rehab? When was that, that call And I said this is the time because Emini here from my whole career, I, I would see in the club with me every week. Andro was performing. Joe is at every stage. You were, you were the epitome of an artist. 'cause you were out. Yeah, I got tired. Like the same things over and over again. Getting high and saying I'm not getting high and you know, repeat repeating And I man struggle man.


Talk about it real overcoming it. Real struggle that man back that head because your crew just don't do nothing but laugh. Like even now, two tis like welcome to like, nobody takes it serious. It's, But you know what though, A bad got him. He let it all after Bad pill guy. He's, He's telling the truth like, nah, but you know, you know it, it was more than that. It was actually I overdosed. You feel what I'm saying? And I, I used the, I used this platform with the, with the thank God to Man. That funny. What wrong with you? He laughing in the background. Man.


That's your brother, right? That's your crazy man. He's a mechanic. K Dub. He's a mechanic. The mechanic's always laughing. K Dub is a da Individual. So you, you almost overdose. Yo. I did no know what Emini here. And, and all of, all of these things happened. The overdose. My daughter was on drugs and you know, career wise, I wasn't aware. I wasn't where I wanted. What is this? What's up with you man? Man? Hey, you finna get slapped Man. Emini here we cool, but I slap the at you by laughing. Oh man. I'm just, I'm just telling you. We cool. Hey, you gonna slap me now? Now what you want? You ain't gonna slap me. What you wanna do?


You gonna hurt Yourself? Don't let him take you out sore. Come on Y'all man. Here though. Listen. Hey man. Hey listen. Hey both of y'all all y'all, everybody came in there with me. Hey look, hey look, remember who you came in and remember what we doing here, man. Come on man. Let get together bro. Alright. Alright. I'm sorry guys. First of all, drill, congratulations on being two years Old, but first, yeah, like I was saying three actually three, three. I'm approaching four. You feel what I'm saying? So like, like all of these things happened to where it made me want to actually seek something better. You know what, Emini here. So when I took myself to rehab out in la did a couple months out there and it was cool, you know what I'm saying?


I got back out And I was still tempted to live that kinda life, but I saw what was in front of me And I, I was like, this is more valuable. What, What gave you the, the courage I would say to, to be able to talk about it. Right? Because you know, some people look about it as it's embarrassing and then some people will say, you know, it could actually help people that's going through the same thing that you are actually going through or that you dealt with, you know, Emini here, the support team. You feel what I'm saying? Because the first time it happened, we had like an intervention and he came over. You mean first time like overdose, first time Or I need to know what Grand Hustle intervention looks like. I Really, well he came over there. Hey er like bro I'm delicate right now, you feel But Emini here, like the love I got and the support I got it, it made me feel safe.


It made me feel safe and you know what I'm saying? Of course I do feel ashamed. You know what I'm saying? At first, you know what Emini here, why? It's A disease. There ain't nothing to be ashamed About. Well because like we from, you don't supposed to let nobody see you like that. You know what I'm saying? We always talk like, you know what I'm saying? Once you find yourself in that position and your brother call you out on it, you be, you be, you be hoping that you could get rid of it before he come and check me. Yeah. But when he come check me on it, I get mad at myself and be like, damn, I supposed to got straight before, you know what Emini here, my manager would come or if he would come, you feel what I'm saying? So it was, it Was a, now the, now the up thing about it is, you know what I'm saying? And we've had this conversation before, like as long as he was battling this addiction, long as he was on drugs, I never actually saw him do drugs.


I never saw it. Like, you know what I'm saying? So whatever he would do, he'd do it. And I don't know whether he would hide while he was around me or not. But I was. But what I'm saying there, when like while we was around each other, it was still this inner, it was still like this. So when I went to him, I didn't even know. I didn't know the difference. You know what I'm saying? I still, but I was concerned. So I'm like, Hey man, did what you gonna do bro? I ain't finna sit around and watch you do this. I ain't going to do it. I Feel like I remember that period when you was give it feel like you was giving Joe tough love. Like you had to put him to the side. You didn't cut him off. I didn't Put him to the side. I just told him, man, you going either man, either you, I I can't just continue to, to support you. Deteriorate, destroy yourself. So many of our, our leaders and so many of our heroes of our culture are are passing away.


Yeah. You know? Yeah. You know. 'cause the fentanyl evidently is, is real. Yes sir. You feel me? And we've seen so many people fall and not make it. That man made it three times. What drug was it? Was it perk? It was Fentanyl. It was a perk. It was perk Emini here. So once, once I, once I took it, I didn't believe it. You feel what I'm saying? So when it, when it happened, I felt like, I felt like now I'm obligated to tell my story. And so it can help somebody that's in, you know, that's fighting addiction. You know what Emini here, we just lost our Atlanta legend. Yeah. Rest in peace. You feel what I'm saying? That's right. You know, and, and for me to be there, made it through. I think that, you know, I I should use these, this platform that I have, you know, that he shares with Me.


And then, and then it was also after we lost our partner, peanut de dun Peanut de dun Peanut, the dun like kind of, he, he died the same way. Same way. You know what I'm saying? But for, it's a calling on this man life. So when you say, why is he sharing it? I don't think he has a choice. No. I feel like he would kinda position to, to survive all the stuff that he survived. To have the effortless connection with community. You know what I'm saying? Alright. We got more with Tia and Young Dro. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back into our interview with Tia Andro. Lauren, how Did you feel after you're in the studio and you finally said it's on. So on the record, like did you feel weight lifted off of you or did you, were you anxious about how people would respond to knowing exactly what happened or?


I Felt like a weight lifted off of me because of where we recorded at with Kurt. With Kurt Franklin. I overdosed in that studio. Wow. So I think that where God, where I broke myself at God built me right back up. Was That a remember purposely done thing? Or do y'all just ended up back in that Studio? God just put it, it just happened that way. You know what I'm saying? And I, And I was ashamed to go back to the studio, you know, I was talking to Guy, I was like, I don't want to go back in there. He was like, go back in there and watch what I do. You know what Emini here. I Was gonna ask, did you, did you deal with why you needed, or why you thought you needed those pills? Was it upset? Was it, I wanted to turn up was did you think you needed it to make a record? Did you deal with that part of it? Because that's the part that scares me with any artist. 'cause it's like, you take it feeling like it's gonna take you to someplace else and it's like, well what made you feel like I had to take that pill To it?


It, it started out with like, just having fun and you know, in the hood getting high. But then it made me feel like I needed it to make good music. You know what I'm saying? And, and actually it just stimulated. And I used to just write crazy and then it, it got to the point where like it became an, an addiction. So it, that went out the window. Music went out the window and then I was like, oh, I need it to, you know, do this and do that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Plus from trauma, you know what I'm saying? Things happened to me when I was younger. You know what, Emini here being shot and introduced to Demerol and addicted to that in the hospital. And you know, from, from the, from the way I got whoopings as a child. How does That affect you with your kids? How do you discipline your kids?


I see, I, I, I recognized it and I'm not gonna do it to that degree. I'm, I'm a straight mind, but I ain't gonna go that far 'cause I don't want the repercussion. I feel like as far as child discipline is concerned, they just need to know that they can get they ass whooped. You see what I'm saying? You don't always have to whoop they as, but you got to do it. You gotta lay it down one time and they're like, Hey, you, you remember? Okay, now you see what I'm saying? So see y'all got boys. I got all girls. So it's different. I don't, I don't be mine at all. Can't whoop your man. You can't whoop your girl. That's what I'm saying. Y'all got, I know you got a strong black woman with you. That's right. Absolutely. You did say something drew your, your daughter on drugs too, you Said? Yeah. My, my little girl ended up picking up drugs. But it happened just like how I did it when I was 17, 18, you feel me?


And, and it just played back and it's the generation generational curse that like how my father was, my father picked it up at that age and he did it for 50 years. You feel me? Then I picked it up and then I, I lived that way then my little girl And I, And I was thinking about it and all of this happened before I went to rehab, the overdose this and all of that. You feel what I'm saying? So when it, when she did it, I looked at God and it was just like he had just revealed himself like, Hey, I'm here now. It is time to start grabbing this by the reigns. You know what I'm saying? So when that happened, I was in rehab while she was out, we supposed to went together to get the help, you know what I'm saying? And she wasn't ready, but I had to go ahead of her to be an example, you Know?


And I, how's she doing now? I Actually broke this curse in my family because that's what's up. That's what's sad. How is she doing now? She's Good man. She working at the hospital. Amen. We talk all the time. She, she's doing great man. She's clean. Amen. You have the, it takes a village foundation that you do where you're in the schools talking to the kids. When you're talking to the kids, like what are you dissecting from your story to, because some of the kids I saw in these videos were really young. So what are the main issues you're seeing with the kids and, and how do you take your story and kind of mentor them up a bit? So what what what we do is it, it still takes a village. We are in the communities and, and in and in the schools and in the homes and we do like interventions. And I use what I've been through and, and then my, my manager to Dr.


Sierra l she is like, she's been a LPC for 20 years and she's into mental and behavioral health. You feel what I'm saying? So when we come into a situation, I try to bring the street part into it. You feel what I'm saying? And let people know, you know, what to do when you're like conflict resolution if you out in the street and you feeling like you don't want to be no lame and, and this and that, but some, sometimes they diagnose these young kids with things that, that's not wrong with them. You feel me? Oh. They be like, oh, he bipolar or he mad at, you know. But only thing is he'd probably be mad at his dad because he wasn't at home or they don't have nothing, you know, nothing to eat or, you know what I'm saying? But we give them, we, we diagnose them with stuff like that.


But my, my partner, she, she covers that area And I could tell them about the street part. So we do mentoring and all and and stuff like that. You Know, Emini here. Do they know when you come in, 'cause the kids are so young, like do they know young Joe, Joe, the artist or are they just like, happy that someone's in the school talking to them that they can relate to? Well, in Atlanta, nine times out 10, I probably done been in that project before. Got you. You feel what I'm saying? Everywhere man. Man know everybody man. Yeah. He ain't gonna look at and say, Hey man, who your who, who your mommy of who your daddy is. Yeah man, tell your dad I said, what's it like? He one of those kind of people. But we do want to go across like America for the most part. You feel me? So if you can't identify with who I am as a rapper, you'll identify with, you know, what I've been through and what I've been through is what a lot of, a lot of youth go through.


You know what Emini here, whether black, white, whatever. You feel what I'm saying? Like you've been through, if you done been through the trenches before, I have trenches stories And I have a, I have a outcome that, you know, I made it out. You know what I'm saying? Man, won't he do it? Thank God. What's your, I was just thinking like what's your conversations of God? Like y'all have y'all stories Are like God and my partner, I'm Amazing about tip tip the tip cover. Yes. Like, wow Man, I drill cover too, but tip cover. Yeah. Emini here. I think I'm super covered. Yeah, I think we both are. That's kinda why I think I understand his position. He understand my position. I know that God got his hand on him. 'cause I can see it and Man, I'm on bar time, you feel me? I don't supposed to be sitting right here doing this interview can saw him. Ain't no amount of money at I saw him lifeless.


I saw him, I saw it with my own. There's no amount of money you can Put not in person, but, but my son, like the money was actually the one that walked in and, and saw it. He FaceTimed me, say, Hey, what's up with Joe? I'm, I'm trying to wake him up. He won't wake up. And I'm like, Joe, Joe, hey Man. That's what woke me up. I was like, this is so annoying. My overdose. He was annoying. FaceTime. What? Talking about Up. Get your ass up, man. He Said, then I heard something. He said, what's wrong? I was like, I don't know. What do you mean? How he was doing with it was like he was trying to talk back but he couldn't talk back, couldn't talk. I was like, man, go on call the ambulance man.


And you know what I'm saying? They, they said if he hadn't, if the money hadn't. Yeah, Damani was actually my nephew actually. Wow. He did this God Think talk about a family affair. What, How old was He? So Damani was doing CP Round? Yeah. Old. Was he Performing CP? Yeah. He almost broke my chest. He he knew how who? CP when I, when I got, when I was up And I was came to, I was like, my chest is killing me. He was like, that's all I got. You gonna be dead. I ain't all that. So how was Damani at that age? He might have been 19. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Just say I'm covered as an understatement. I have something to do When we get more music. D bro. What's next? PSC Dre Solo. Solo p Yeah. We got some. I I'm, I'm gonna snag a couple of records that Drew Tip got together and that joint project gonna be there.


The PSC got a project coming out with DJ drama. You feel me? Stealing the streets and drawing. Zaytoven got a project coming out called 10 Piece Hot Man, make sure you bring your blue cheese. You know, so all that, all of that's on the way Word. Well It's TI I it's Young Dro. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Dig The Breakfast Club Everybody. It's djj. Nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, well you got a positive note, Positive note. Stop letting your potential go to waste because you don't feel confident are ready Enough people with half your talent are making serious waves while you're still waiting to feel ready. And I wanna tell you something that Bishop TD Jakes told me one time, even if you don't think you are worthy, even if you don't think you're ready, God knows you're worthy and God knows you're ready.


Get on it. It's The Breakfast Club. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After Meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Hey, comedy fans, the funniest comedians in The World are on tour and you can get tickets to see them live near you. Laugh with the biggest names in comedy like Otco tka, Chelsea Handler, Jimmy Carr, Kathy Griffin, Matt Matthews, Matt Rife, Sarah Silverman, Sebastian Maniscalco, RO eu, Wanda Sykes, and so many more. All kinds of shows, all kinds of venues, all kinds of funny. Head to live nation.com/comedy to get your tickets today. That's live nation.com/comedy.


At t knows a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you appreciate hearing the sound of someone's voice. It's one reason we save voicemails from people we love. And when I need a one-on-one boost, I call my wife. Yep. When I want some comfort, I call my mother. At and t wants everyone to share their voice over the holidays. So go ahead, send a voice note, leave a voicemail, call someone, because it's more than a convo, it's a chance to say something. They'll hear forever. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casino is home to hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com. That's Chumba Casino dot com and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void where? Prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


How Crispy are the new deli me crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up if you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.