
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Let's get, I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody's You That Lucy know if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came In. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, your daily dig on all things pop culture, exclusive, breaking news, but the conversations that are really shaking the room. Woo. Welcome back, Larid. We are here for another episode. It's always rough getting back to work after a holiday week. I don know if y'all hear it in my voice, but your girl is a little tired.


Okay? So if we behind the scenes of the grind, check-in right now. Back on the grind. I'm tired today. Like I cannot wait to go home and go to sleep. Period. Court Breakfast club, getting up at like 4:00 AM four 30 for breakfast club, making it to court after doing the podcast after or attempting to, and then getting back up to, and then, you know, trying to eat and just be merry. And between all of that and, you know, self-care stuff has been, look, we, we've been fighting And I have not been winning. Okay? They, it's been kicking my behind, but I think I'm learning an amazing lesson right now in balance and saying no and rest and why I need rest and what that looks like and feels like for my body.


But your girl is tired today. But nonetheless, we have so much to get to because there is so much going on in the latest today. First of all, that's congratulations. I, I, I think congratulations on order. It was announced yesterday that Cassie Ventura, Diddy's ex-girlfriend actually went into labor at a hospital here in New York. So reports are saying that Cassie was, Cassie was rushed to a New York hospital yesterday and was, and is currently in labor, in the labor and delivery unit. Now, there are some sources that have mentioned that Cassie may be having complications and you guys know she recently testified in the Diddy trial.


I wouldn't say it was about like a week and a half ago. And when she was on the stand I kept saying like, yo, she looked like she can bust any day now. Like she was giving super, super, super, super pregnant Emini here. She looked amazing, don't get me wrong. Like when I had my babies, when I meet my man, and you know what, Emini here, my husband, I wanna carry how Cassie was carrying because her belly was super pregnant, but the rest of her looked like supermodel, Cassie, she looked amazing, but definitely she was ready to pop. She was on the stand and she was like, you know, holding her belly. You know, the thing that like when pregnant women are having contractions, how they hold their back and their belly and like you see them do the on their face.


She was giving that in between her testimony. So I was like commending her for even being able to get through it with all of the emotion and the pressure. And you know what Emini here, like I I could imagine how that, you know, weighs on a woman who was literally days, weeks, you know, headed into delivery. Now she's expecting this baby with her husband. Of course Alex, fine, this is not their first baby. This is baby number three. And you know, Emini here at this point, I think she's been able to put so much behind her. She has her coin, she's got to speak her peace. And now it's time for her to, you know, have her baby and deliver her baby peacefully and health and, you know, healthy.


There have not been any updates whatsoever on if she's actually had the baby or not yet. You know, just where all that is. I have reached out to every single attorney I could find for her when this story break. Oh, matter of fact, he responded back to me. Her attorney Douglas Wigdor responded back to me and said, not something I would comment on thanks when I reached out because I was trying to figure out, okay, is she like, does she have the baby? Does she not have the baby? Like, what's happening here? But yeah, so I, I gotta find another way in 'cause I'm trying to figure out where she is, what's happening. So yes, congratulations on order for Cassie, but speaking of Cassie, you know, that segues us right into court because you girl love to take y'all to court.


Love to take y'all to court. Diddy, we had explosive testimony this week from a personal assistant named Capricorn Clark. Man, when I tell you guys there was so much, you know, her testimony was very, very, very moving. If y'all hear the pages, that is me flipping through my book because there are so many things that she addressed. You know, Capricorn Clark has been a personal assistant and just a, you know, an executive level professional that worked with Diddy for some years. So she has been mentioned so much by other people on the stand that I knew when she got on the stand, her testimony would fill in a lot of holes to a lot of the stories that we heard.


But baby, when I tell you I had no idea it was gonna be like this, we were literally everybody in the court hanging on the edge of our seats. Now she, it got to a point with, with Capricorn Clark, where the defense was pushing her so hard that she broke down and Emini here before that she had talked about a lot, she addressed a lot. Like she, you know, said that Diddy had allegedly found out that a friend of hers has kids with Su Knight and allegedly Diddy threatened to throw her into East River if he ever found out that, you know, she was in between any, whatever, between Shook and, and, and Diddy because you know that that's always been the running thing if there is something there.


And now we're finding out, you know, from people that were inside who are legend, no, there really was like the beef there to the point where she says that she was threatened to be thrown into the East River if, if, if anything ever popped off for her account, basically like they wanted to be able to trust her because they don't fool with Sha Knight and team. She also talked about, you know, the lie detector test that we had heard about. Other assistants had talked about this where when things would go missing in the house, Diddy would require his employees to take a lie detector test allegedly. Now, Capricorn Clark paints this lie detector test as almost like ano another kidnapping of sorts, you know, allegedly, she says that she was sent to this building in New York.


That was one way in, one way out as far as how it locked, like you were locked into the inside. She says that she sat for hours, on hours, on hours for five days and did a lie detector test at one point when there was some jewelry that went missing of Diddy's. And she said that they would take the test stop, review the test, take the test stop, review the test. And it was very like, you know, the, the guy that administered the test to her was a huge man. Like everything she was saying felt very like she, you know, was captive. But then she actually talked about a time where she alleges she was kidnapped by Diddy at gunpoint. She alleges that Diddy showed up at her house between five to 6:00 AM after finding out about Cassie and Kit Cudi banging on her door, banging, banging, banging, banging, banging five 6:00 AM she gets up, she's in her night clothes and she's like, yo, what is going on?


She opens the door and Diddy is like, get dressed, we gonna go. We, we, we going over there, we going, we going to Kid Cudi. That's what she alleges. And she was like, what? She, she was like, no, she didn't wanna go, but she got dressed because she had never seen Diddy this upset. She alleges she had never seen Diddy carry a gun and he had a gun and she didn't think she had a choice. So they put her in the back of a truck. She says she was sitting in the back of the truck, Diddy was also in the back of the truck and, and she alleges a man named Rube was driving the car. They rolled over to Kid Cuddy's house and when they got there, she alleges that Rube and Diddy got access into Kid Cuddy's home.


While that happens, she calls, she then be begins to basically start sending smoke signals out. So she's calling, you know, Lauren London who she says is like a neutral friend in the, in the friend group just to let her know, hey, this is where I'm at. They Diddy came and got me. She alleges Diddy came and got her and said, we are gonna go kill him, talking about Kid Cuddy. And because he had that gun, she alleges she didn't know what they were gonna do. She also didn't know whether Kid Cudi was in the house or not when they arrived there. So she was scared. She said she's, she alleges she called Lauren London just to let her know where she was. It might even been on three way. She, they kind of tried to trip her up. They is a defense on this part of it because they're like, was Lauren London on three way or was she or was she not?


Because you told the prosecutors that she was, and the defense was trying to poke little holes like that the whole time. They even brought up the fact that at one point they showed the text message in court, she had text Diddy, you know, talking about how she's always had, you know, this crush on him and wondering if they wasted dopeness and you know, what could have been, and, you know, trying to paint her as this lover jealous woman who just couldn't let go of the lifestyle that she had been, you know, able to live while working for Diddy. And that's where all these claims and these stories were coming from. However, it backfired majorly, oh my God, when I tell y'all I backfired majorly because when she started to go into details of this story, even with Kid Cudi, right?


Where she's like, okay, I'm outside in the car, I'm calling Lauren London. I called Cassie allegedly, right? And she says, I called Cassie because I'm trying to let her know what's going on. And, and like, yo, what, what's happening? How did he even find out? She alleges that she had went, she went herself and got Cassie that burner phone, which Cassie had already told us, but she said she went and got Cassie that burner phone because she said the way Cassie was moving out here, she's like, you know, and, and this is all alleged, she's like, yo, the way Cassie was moving out here wasn't good for nobody. We knew the consequences of what could happen if, if, if, if, you know, Diddy found out about these things allegedly, right? Went and got her the burner phone and they still got caught.


So she's calling Cassie, Cassie happens to be with Kid Cuddy and Cassie's with Kid Cudi and Capricorn Clark alleges she didn't even know Kid Cudi heard her say, Hey, they're at Kid Cuddy's house. She truly believed Kid Cudi was in that house and she alleges she didn't know what was about to go down. She truly believed that they were, you know, allegedly going to kill him or do something to him and she was scared. So she called Cassie, let her know what was going on and just to give her the heads up. And then she heard Kid Cudi in the background. And then she says that because she made that phone call, kiddy then pulls up and there was a whole chase that happened through the Hollywood Hills. She alleges that BK Rube, she alleges that Rube and, and Diddy, they're in the, they're in the car, she's in the back of the car and they're chasing Kit Cudi who she says, yo, he turned, he turned a block and got away from us and then she alleges they heard police sirens, which is when, you know, they kind of calmed down.


But she said whole time gun is in Diddy's lap, allegedly gun is in Diddy's lap even riding there. She said it was in his lap. Now this is a completely different story than what Kid Cudi told, And I don't know if he didn't wanna, you know, look like I ran from him or what, but he told the story completely different after that. She says that Diddy, she alleges that Diddy made her and Cassie go and sit down with Kid Cudi because he wanted to be sure that his name wasn't gonna pop up in any police reports or anything like that. And she alleges that even before that meeting, the only way she even was able to link with Cassidy to go do that was because they got down to Sunset Boulevard.


And if you guys, you know, are not familiar with LA when you're in the hills, when you drive down the streets, take you to like Ma Holland and then Sunset Boulevard. So she's like, yo, we got back to Sunset Boulevard. And she alleges when they got there and got phone service, Didi made her call Cassie, and she alleges Didi said, yo, I got her like she's here with me and she ain't going nowhere. She where you at? He was trying to, you know what Emini here, he was trying to get to Cassie allegedly, and Cassie's like, come get me. So they went and picked her up from the sunset, Marques Capricorn alleges, and then from there they were, her and Cassie went and sat down with Kid Cudi and had conversations with him and really, you know, she alleges that it was more so like, okay, they're giving him the heads up, they're telling him like, yo, don't mind Jan's name in any police reports, please.


But she alleges that they were trying to put their heads together like, yo, this is crazy. What is going on right now? What is happening? Completely different picture. And the defense really tripped themself up because the more they tried to poke holes in her story, the more it became so evident she broke down crying, talking about her son who is autistic and not audible and just everything she lost so fast. And the fact that she couldn't even, she alleges that she couldn't even work after, you know, this situation because she alleges that Diddy blackball her. She says that, you know, she would go into meetings like, you know, with high powered people who she had been working and, you know, associating with for some time.


And for instance, she alleges she sat down with Jimmy Iovine and she thought that it was gonna be about job opportunities. And when they sat down she alleges Jimmy Iovine said to her, this Diddy thing ain't gonna work out for you, leave it alone. She alleges that at one point she was meeting with CAA for job opportunities and, and Sheila, just Diddy and Andre Harrell, who's, you know, a music executive and almost like a father to Diddy who passed away some years ago. She says that they showed up there trying to have a conversation about her and, you know, stopping legal action. But the, but the defense really messed up because, you know, the more that they pushed on stuff like that, the more you really saw it that this girl, this woman, excuse me, even though it's insane that she kept going back.


So she, she's she's lead, she's fired, allegedly she's terminated in 2012, but then ends up working with Cassie in 2016 and, and then ends up in a meeting with Diddy's, you know, attorneys trying to figure out coming back on board to help him clean up all this mess. 'cause at this point, the raids and stuff had happened in April, 2024. And it's like, all this has happened, why would you go back? And it doesn't, as compelling as her testimony is, it doesn't make sense at first on face value, like a lot of these stories happen because the reoccurring theme is, but they keep going back. But then she starts to get into, I didn't have anything. I got no parents, my child, like I, I need a certain amount of money in healthcare to care for my child that I no longer had.


Everything allegedly was stripped from her. She says, I couldn't even work. I kept going back because what else was I going to do? I needed people that, that, you know, were allegedly blackballing me to see, okay, if he's bringing her back, it's all good. So then I could make money and do things outside of it. She, she, she literally sat on the stand as she's breaking down crying. I felt like if I was not a threat to him then I could get my life back. Man. Court, court was courting yesterday, okay. Court was definitely courting yesterday. All right y'all, it's Lauren la This has been the latest with Lauren la I tell y'all every episode because Emini here it look if you are right here with me every single day and there's so much going on at the end of the day, I appreciate you guys 'cause y'all could be anywhere with anybody else doing all of these things.


But you are right here. All 1 million of y'all. Please tell a friend to tell a friend to come on over and download the pod. Check me out at Lauren la on all socials. I appreciate you guys And I will see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an podcast.