
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is an act of constant re invention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So You're her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the living, let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knock out crowd pleaser. I'm Been train for this gold medal. I'm underneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day


Frosty the snowman was a hobby because I wanna book you soul. Yeah but the children know when it came to life and two eyes made out of gold. Okay. You said who? Frosty the snowman. Yo used to sell a bunch of snow. Y'all young. He was a light-skinned nigga from East Atlanta. Yeah, he had a whole bunch of ho Hey, hey Frosty the snowman. That was my partner when I was hit. Man, shout at the doctor when I had problem. Ooh, shout at a robber. Woo. Gotta pull that dope over that go the copper.


Oh Frosty the snowman. Shut the snow. Yeah if you posted it on the block you already know Y had The chopper tuck thin pistol on the floor Y bumping Gucci. Man some old shit from old What you want nigga? Damn so brown son got everything you want nigga. Ain't no scam up. Oh lord. I got BLS in Woo. I got woo. You only got $5. I got Nixon. Come on. Hey root off threat. No sprint dear. Y'all had a whole bunch of chain ho Y y'all. And if you ever saw this you'll be like shit, I seen you bro.


Hey no cap Santa Claus a bitch. Yes nigga no cap for the away. They used to treat Ru all yo but Santa done got old as fuck yo and had get his left foot cut Off God down time I amputated. Woo Ain't got a little wing, he be walk but he like damn you made it okay. Like now he thought getting ooh okay that goes Hey it Christmas in the city And I just wanted to see her pal Christmas tree titties. Hey hold on. You see it Christmas in the city? Yeah. So let me go on, let me see them Christmas treet. Okay. He stupid with it or shoot some hoops up in it.


Yo, I might just sleep up in it. Yo. Hey yo. She said she freaky and she want to get realer. She had that big old moose knuckle. I call her Glower and she like no I just want to hit the collar Miller. I'm like really? Shit you sitting I had to let it shield. Ooh. And then last time she did it she said it fell. What the fuck wrong with your B nigga? That shit fought the off. That nigga ain't even making that dog Fell. Oh nigga that shit three minutes fell off. That's all right though. That Good, that good. No Cap. No cap at all. And I have it coming. Gimme one More. Gimme one more man Bro we ain't got no, no nigga can bring a nigga no sugar. Oh okay babe gimme one more.


Lemme see what else you got over there? Oh look. Oh look I Like that loud one though. I like that one too. That one cool. Okay. That like this shit sound like you always wanna rap about nigga hate on you. Niggas always hang no me niggas always hate no me Y Why do you nigga ain't no Me but it always be that one rapper that come in nigga, nigga Rapp about shit nigga that ain't got nothing to do with this song. Nigga trying to get his girl back. What he say? You done went through my phone Baby girl just come home because you know a nigga wrong. Oh yeah shit. I was out there in the streets chasing hoes and doing shows And I wasn't really even thinking about you Hold up.


I know I fucked up that last time. That's on me. I got a lot of changes baby girl you need to see and if you ever come home, I never ever do you wrong. I'm gonna spend the night all in. You Don just trying to show you up a better man. I got a better plan. Yeah and I'm going to try to change a life with that wedding band yo. And you don't understand yo a nigga really trying yo. I'm about to clean it up. Ain't no mo fucking line Letting nigga. Ain't no me letting yo ain't no me. I keep going show knowing and why they going hate you Me Hey no cap Nigga rapping about some shit completely unrelated to the song.


I got five for my job no cap. All righty then Bets. Hey man shit crazy out here in these streets. Hey man you better get right Bro. We gotta get us a relationship podcast. We do a relationship podcast. That's all the internet watching right now. 20 verse one. Nah niggas on there complaining about the women they can't get Because y'all ain't getting the right women first of all. Sometimes That's What they complain. You be sitting with the right women, your standard too high for your own self. Oh You gonna tell the niggas they standards too. The niggas standing too high. Hey man they see you changing the game. Right. I ain't changing the game. We just gotta be appreciate dicko for everybody.


This ain just ain't for the niggas. This for the niggas ain't the women. We just gotta be appreciated of motherfuckers that we got because you setting standards for yourself and give your relationship ain't really bad. Come on now y'all nitpicking instead of really loving each other. That's why motherfuckers ain't together 30, 40 years no more. We out here social media gave us access to have an illusion of some shit that we probably will never ever have in real life. That's why you putting that problem in your bedroom 'cause you see this illusion on your phone, you see a bit from France. Well you ain't never gone to France. Yep. You trying to bring these French bon wee we problem where you in the hood yo girl Where at Family Dollar Man love that girl.


That motherfucker went through all that. You know nasty nigga that be coming in the family stealing this shit. Love that girl. Come on man. Y'all tripping bro. Yeah nigga be saving up love like they gonna use it later on. You gotta appreciate where the fuck you at. Why You there? You know why your girl cheat, your girl cheat because first of all some so many ho hoes so I ain't gonna act like they ain't hoes Take them out. Well they don't don't factor them in. Right. That's what I'm saying. You can't, you can't say that I'm only speaking on the good one. You would push your girl to do some ho ass shit. You see what I'm saying? And she'll end up liking a nigga because of you know niggas would be lying just to get pussy. A nigga would do whatever he gotta do.


Whatever role he gotta play, he going to play it and he gonna fuck you bitch. This the thing that people don't never say women and men don't fuck about Playing the little fake arrow roll gang. I think this dg I think women and men cheat for the same reason 'cause people like fucking Long as fucking is in the equation. That's It. That's the only reason people cheat. It's 'cause they like fucking gonna be some shit. She like to fuck as much as you like to fuck. You gotta find somebody who just okay with fucking you. Right. You maybe you need to find somebody who's all fucked out. If your biggest fear is your woman fucking somebody else. Right. Get you a woman who tired of fucking yeah You gotta get your woman that like fuck like like the fuck like once a week type shit that don't really care.


Some like to fuck one person at a time. You just gotta find them. You gotta find one and you gotta fuck good enough to be the nigga. She only wanna Fuck. Don't give her no option Sometimes you gotta be real with yourself. You gotta be real with yourself. You ain't a, you ain't, you can't hold, you can't handle one pussy Uhuh. You get a half a pussy so she give you half a pussy and you and what she do with the other half ain't none of your fucking business. You not even doing the right shit with the half she giving you. That's why she go cheat. That's why she cheat Now if you ain't got good fuck game J eat her Ass. No don't. That's not going make up for you not being able to fuck good Emini here. That'll stop. That'll stop. That'll stop. 'cause don't about just eat ass Like that because think about it.


If your girl got some whack pussy you gonna be like at least the head good but the pussy stay whacked. Right. You know what I'm saying Like but the pussy like you Can't trigger bitch in the like in your dick by eating ass. That's nasty. You like hey I don fuck know what I do. I made the other nigga don't do that. He don't Have your neighbor shit Bitch I'm get in your As. He don't have to do it. You already did it. No what I'm saying She going right over there after you finish doing that. Damn That's a greedy bitch that fucked up. That's how they get down. They Crippled what they niggas too. They they niggas too don't never think that they not the same way.


Niggas will pretend and laugh for some pussy. Women will fake and beat that bitch as he think he met and fake for some dick too. Hey man it's okay if your woman go off and get her a little, get her a little rock salt real quick. If she come back home to you that should show you how player you is. No it don't. She can go Fuck nah you she go fuck nigga I thought you was going somewhere with that. That didn't that don't fucking don't I don't bitch What? Listen that's gonna save a lot of relationship because if you scared of your girl going the fuck off and she going fuck. So I'm trying to alter the way you think it's the perception of the shit you in the house about to go crazy. I can't believe you gave up.


What he say fly. I didn't believe scream. What shit She like what wrong with you Liz bruh she's at home bro. Because what what what I'm telling you if a girl really likes somebody she staying. What? She like she ain't coming back gang Now you may do some shit with she like all right I gotta go back but she gonna fine next you with she gonna go back over there eventually.


You see what I'm saying? But if she come back after she done did some dirt if she at your crib my game Listen bro that shows a little bit of off your pimping my boy you feel me? A nigga he wasn't good enough to take her. She didn't want to be taken. No I ain't about what you want to be. She didn't Want be taken, didn't gonna put up me. She just wanted To fuck or nigga take you. He didn't do it good enough. I won just You back. Some niggas ain't real enough with they self bro. It's some niggas out here that's fucking with. That's in relationships and just by them fucking them is saving your relationship. Yes because he ain't shit He don't want, he don't want 'em. She don't, he don't require that like she don't require him to be shit.


He just serving the purpose. It's just like when you got a good eat on the team Right. Yeah Eat is a eater ain't that what I'm saying? We're gonna fuck this up. Something is going on whether either she just like fucking off or She it is Exciting going to Fuck off. It's exciting But What if, what if you got a loyal bitch that don't fuck off? Huh? What if you got a loyal bitch that don't fuck off But that's her thing in a sense. She just as freaky as the bitch who fuck off 'cause she get off by not fucking off. See how your perception is. It's all about perception. Motherfucker got off by not getting off. Right. What the fuck? It's just like motherfuckering Up without busting the nut. Nah they they get off by doing the right shit.


They are. Everybody got they own perception of this shit saying I see what you saying. Some motherfuckers you get on by doing the right shit. Yeah like yeah I'm loyal. Ah Exactly. It's just like that Nigga be losing they mind bro. I'm telling you though, go on your girl phone bro. That's gonna be some of the most, if you ain't had a heart attack, that's the day you go catch it because your heart gonna be, you gonna feel that shit. Your heart gonna be like beep be beep beep. You going to hear that motherfucker and you just going see some little shit. It gonna make you dig, dig, dig and You dig that Shit. You be finding shit. I'm telling you If you looking for some shit you gonna find it. Oh Nigga you going nigga it ain't, it's not even put up.


It's like right there Bro. You don't want to do that. It's a nigga in the house like there he already been thinking about it. He gonna go in the girl falls listen to me bro. Don't do it. Some niggas gonna do it back. Shit be great. Is ain't gonna do it back. Yeah they do it back. They try to see what's going on now. That's okay. But if you going off the initial step, oh my nigga you fucking up. What the initial takeoff of trying to figure out if she dirty or not that It ain't even that she dirty. It Just you. You gonna See some shit though. Ain gonna be four o'clock in the morning. You like si You'll never look at her saying you asked to suck that nigga dick at three in the morning. Three in The morning. You asked, you asked, you said you wouldn't waffle out.


Bitch you suck dick. You asked for some dick, you on your phone asking for dick hate walking out at three o'clock in the morning. Get Just seeing your lady in there asking for some dick. He ain't gonna like her no more Bro. Wait I'm talking about and she asking for it and the nigga ignoring her, she said the question mark she at, she like where you at? Why you not answering, you begging this nigga Dick Uhuh, She sending the nude and everything. Nigga aint Responding bro. You like bad dick crazy And she gets in that sleep all beautiful.


He like this dude that motherfucker. What'd he say for? And I can't even, fuck you asked me how shooter want. Fuck baby lemme give a little. I'm sleazy You don't look sleeping right here man. But you is going to hurt bro. Just, just don't do it bro. She sending this nigga news. You ain't never got, you ain't Never got, he Got videos and everything. He Got some exclusive shit. Oh my god. He got some exclusive shit gang. You ain't never did that for me. Oh my god. You Said in the video I ain't never did this but You.


Oh my. That nigga can't even believe got sweat. He cry. He like he just, he you see that nigga he got, he hurt with clothes half off his as He fucked up about man He been in that motherfucker phone. My phone on 5%. He Been in that bitch on night. That nigga been screaming and cry. He ain't plugged it up to the charger bro. Oh boy that boy I found too much shit bro. This shit bro stay I that girl home bro.


That's like if you gotta go on your girl lemme tell you something and this off going in women's songs. I'll never do that shit again. If you gotta do that bro, you don't need to be with that person bro. You don't need to be with that person bro. Your, your word is law I believe. I believe. Bitch even if you do a dirty bitch, I believe you baby. Amen. I don't want to go through that treasure Right now. Hell no. That's something you, you a real man to be like bro you won't even want to have that on every woman that you mess with bro because that's gonna make you become a nigga. You ain't gonna trust nothing nigga you gonna move off of.


You gonna be a on my chain, you gonna be a bitch ass nigga bro. And you don't wanna be a bitch ass nigga that don't trust women bro. You feel me? So leave that girl phone on. Even if she put her code in front of you, you just know the code. Yeah you gotta, if you gonna deal with somebody you feel you gotta get 'em the benefit of the doubt. Yeah You Just trust. That's how I look at trust. I'm Elliot it bro you Gotta, I can trust you until I can't trust you no more. Right. I'm Straight. Yeah you even gotta, I don't care. I don't care. I don't care. I don't care this motherfuckers, if it got to the point where I gotta look at your phone, I'm gonna just let you go. The motherfuckers that scare me the most is people who lie about some little shit.


Right, right. Sometimes you don't even have to correct them. You just be like damn that's, that's crazy. Right. And you see it because they tell on theyself. They tell on theyself if you and if you be the nigga that you is bro, you supposed to make sure the whole situation Right. You feel what I'm saying? And And if you got a good girl bro respect that. You feel me like don't cause a problem. Yeah like some niggas cause the problem They are the problem. You Are the problem you feel me? It is your job to navigate the situation. You see what I'm saying? Like be her comfortable. You dig what I'm saying? She a woman. It's all, it is what it is. But don't be the bitch nigga too. Absolutely. You gotta give motherfuckers some space. Right.


Everybody ain't through growing up yet. Facts. And Sometimes you ain't, you ain't growed up. That's what I'm like you, we all still got growed up so it like, that's What I'm saying. It take a long time to mature and be like hey man what fuck is you doing? Oh shit. Is this what you doing? Because if you, if you still out here begging for dick, I'm finna go. I Don't tell you man come on bro. Real talk like you could do that. Are you better than that yet? But I was straight, I don don't be with me doing that shit. Lemme know that you were that I was junk. I would've let me agree to be with a be and ass bitch who be begging for Dick that you Ain't even ask for man he just took it you.


I said you just going right here, take it back. Hey man they going to, they gonna swear we better and hurt but man you, once you deal with a variety of women you deal with some good ones and some bad ones. In fact You see I'm telling the nigga to take care of the right women. Yeah. You know what I'm saying. So I'm just, but It ain't, I don't believe in the right take care of yours. That's that's the right one. Yeah That's the bro You right it in your best. That's the one you waking up with. Yeah. And you and you worried about the other bitch you want to be with bruh. You bruh alright gonna be with her then why you ain't with her S Right. It's something about her that you didn't want fuck with. She shoulda You coming up with shit I can't get into this one because this was right.


Hell yeah. Especially let her go. I can't let her go. Why? Especially If you a nigga who done did a lot of dirty shit, you can't expect somebody to treat You. Right. If you a nigga to do a lot of dirty shit, you can't expect to get treated. Right. Okay because speak on that because because because get what that nigga gonna do. He gonna put all his problems into a illusion and create a a fake narrative. You're not the victim and put it on her. You're not the victim. You're Not the victim bro. You just putting all the shit that you doing on her. You like I know this bitch creeping out at three o'clock in the morning getting it, could you do it, could you out here getting pussy at three o'clock in the morning acting like you gonna house. Yep. So she did because soon as she said I want to waffle house at three o'clock in the morning And I wanna see what you be talking about bitch what you mean you wanna see what I be talking about?


I know what I be doing bitch what are you doing? You feel me? Nah let be eat at three o'clock in the morning at Waffle House game. You do it nigga wanna hear that shit. Nah y'all need to talk about some other shit. We done fucked up a couple house night. That's what I be saying. Bitch shut the fuck up. You don't even know what I'm talking about. But that's that's therapy though. They gotta hear that shit. You feel what I'm saying? Like they gotta understand like nah nigga just 'cause y'all see yourself here talking that shit. Nah nigga we respect the ones that hold it down and if you a bitch nigga nigga you got to tighten up nigga.


Stop, stop capping, tighten up nigga. It is your job. It's your job to tighten up. Stop being the bitch nigga and acting like you are a victimized. You are not the victim. Not the victim gang. All The shit you did. There's some shit and she ain't she. And listen, she's right there still with you after all that shit you did nigga you tripping, You tripping. You better look at her be like damn sh I do fuck with you sh dang what? But it shouldn't take that for a nigga to get right. Come On man Shouldn't Take that three STDs man That crazy. She still there. That's fucked up. I shouldn't laugh her that you Still ain't about you feel me?


You talking about that girl love me. Come on bro. You have chlamydia Ight bro. She love you. That girl love your stupid With the same dick Nigga leave. Come on bro. The girls do that. I told you man we have a dope ass relationship park here. We the hold niggas accountable for the nigga shit they done Did bro because that's where it starts nigga They say we don't hold our bro, our brothers and friends listenable. Yes we do bro know go for that sucky shit bro.


Like when this when men talk it's men talk like we know sometimes bitches ain't shit bro. Y'all be putting putting niggas through shit. But if a nigga is is just sometimes we always Try to tell a nigga when we know they wrong but we don't. Sometimes you can catch a nigga before they be wrong and be like hey man go don't do that bro. Bro don't do that and a nigga know he wrong 'cause he always be like what? What No don't try to justify Gang. Nah bro you wrong bro. You can't do wrong or wrong. You wrong as hell. Don't do that man. Don't do that bro. It gonna make the situation worse. You too loud. You feel me? You gotta also understand what we dealing with. We dealing with women and emotion.


You playing emotional my boy as a king we can't run off emotions gang. We gotta run with discipline. We gotta run this shit to a form of all right we know what the emotions feel like. Most niggas don't have no standards though. But That's what I'm trying to tell you. They done created the these, they don't even know they standards. Your standards is in the bag with you nigga. Well and in the end they don't have no morals either. Your moral in the with you don't have Whoever you with that's what you just settled for and put up with. You get s slapped, you just start doing shit. You don't wanna be with that nigga. Nigga you chose right before you. Fuck You gotta have some standards man. I'm talking about and when I say standards, a lot of niggas don't know what that mean.


I'm talking about the way that you move and operate as a man. Right. You get what I'm saying? Right. Sometimes you don't have to do the most obvious shit. Right. It ain't about being motherfucking scared of no shit like that. But it's like nigga at least move with some kind of discipline or some kind of structure where you ain't just out here if you know you got something to lose. Right. But niggas ain't, niggas ain't want that bro. They just, they being bitch niggas man. Well we can't save them Talking about the the motherfuckers, the the 30% of niggas who might be listening to this shit more. Definitely. But if you a real nigga, you know you you these are words of affirmation to a real nigga.


Yeah. You Can't Speak to that's all these niggas like they real real you feel like you getting talked about. I am talking about you fuck nigga. But if you know these words of affirmation 'cause this shit you be saying just sit back and That's who you talking to. That's who I'm talking to. So you, you talking to two types of niggas. You talking to real niggas and fuck niggas. Right. Because I'm talking to all the niggas in between that. No because ain't no in between you either real nigga or fuck nigga. No it ain't that cut and simple. Some niggas ain't got the chance to either pick either side. No because if you do a fuck nigga shit, that's where you at. And if you doing real nigga shit who just, who understand because you also understand this niggas out here that's by they self. So some of these niggas don't even know if they doing wrong or right.


You see what I'm saying? So they ain't got nobody to talk to. You know real niggas don't, don't talk for real. We ain't got no we don't be buddy buddy and all that. Some of them niggas do who on that type of time. But real niggas who, who don't have a, what they call mentor and all that or a father figure in they life, they don't even know if they doing wrong or right. They know it because they know they got morals but they don't really have nothing that they're feeding off of where it's like what's their instruction? Where's their guy? You see what I'm saying? So when they hear the words of affirmation they like okay, okay, okay, okay. I told that to myself so I'm just trying to make sure. Okay it's it's niggas that think a lot But that's implied. You gotta keep in mind people make decisions based off the information that they have.


Some niggas ain't never heard it even be divided like that. Right. Like hey this is, this is, this might not be the right thing to do but this the real nigga thing to do. Right. Because the real nigga decision ain't always the right one. Right. Sometimes you have to make a decision that if something nigga's gonna look like, oh that's fuck nigga shit I would, I'm gonna do this shit every time. And that's why you gonna always have the same results. It's, it is okay to move and make better decisions once you got better information. That's what the growth is all about. But that's what I'm saying. You gotta un you also gotta understand where it works in your benefit when it comes to what you said. Growth. Growth. Like you said it is not a fuck nigga decision.


Right. You think it's a fuck nigga decision because you think it with a fuck nigga mentality sometimes As a real nigga making the right decision feel like a fuck nigga decision too. But, but because you on the verge of battling the growth and making a fuck nigga decision. So when it feel like a fuck nigga decision you like that's a fuck nigga decision. But then when you make the growth you realize damn if I went with the fuck nigga mentality I would, I was about to put myself two, three steps back. Okay? Some niggas be holding theyselves to standards that don't exist. You See what I'm saying? Like I, You gotta have your own but I grew to hold myself accountable. No bro you didn't put me there. You Gotta grow to that. I, I put myself there. There You go.


You my Friend. So I'm gonna get where and I'm gonna always be there for you but nigga don't ever think you was wrong for me making the decision to come help you nigga because if you about to get jumped again, guess what I'm gonna do? We gonna get beat up again. The fuck nigga don't ever think that's a wrong decision. I already done made that decision then that's gonna But if this our 15 time getting beat up, we gotta move with some better information. I'm gonna say it's your now Bitch talking people like Shannon, let's get the fuck outta here. We together as a team, we not a good doo we can't whoop. I would've told him, hey we can't whoop these niggas man. Why you keep going down There with them niggas? Hey bro, let's start running. You gotta stop talking to these nigga crazy.


We done been real nigga 15 times and we done lost 15 times. I'm just saying It's your ass. You the problem, you the fucking problem. No count I gotta hold you accountable nigga. No count. No count. I Ain't helping your ass no more. But That comes from gross bro. But you also gotta understand niggas not even telling they partners what's right bro. You feel me? Like I see my partners grow like I see the ones that want to grow 'cause I see the ones that make a decision that they never would've made a couple years ago because they knew I I know your mentality nigga you feel me? Like look at me, I'm making decisions, I have nothing I nigga it's me.


I am making decisions that I wouldn't have made years ago. You know me. So it's like once I see you make a decision that you would've made years ago, I'm like that's growth right there because bro, seven years ago man you like that. Fuck that shit. But you see why you gotta do this shit in order for you to make it to the next step. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Some shit you can't Cheat the game of growth. Growth Is uncomfortable. I think that's what niggas don't understand. So that's when it's wisdom and knowledge that we gotta tell these niggas that go from nigga, like you said, they don't know what's between the two. Growth is uncomfortable. So now that they know that they're uncomfortable, they're like okay I must be growing in some aspect. I just gotta find out where, where I'm growing at. You feel me? Because you thinking you uncomfortable and you like black just so crazy.


Nah bro, she your ass out. She your ass out bro. You uncomfortable right now 'cause you growing in some aspect in life. Yeah. Figure out what that is because if you understand life you not really gonna be comfortable. It's gonna be things that's gonna make you uncomfortable. You gonna have to find how to, how to be comfortable being uncomfortable. There ain't really no way to do that. You just have to goddamn bite down and got and and try to get the fuck up outta there and hope it don't last as long as the last time. Right.


You know at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save those voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something. You know, for me when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call my best friend Josh, his voice always feels like home. And when I need to get hyped for something to big is my best friend Josh who's there to make me hype. His voice gives me that lift that I didn't know I needed. At t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it is been a while since you call someone who matters, now's the time because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call this season. Happy holidays from at t connecting changes everything.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company


This Christmas. So you're her, Right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby going to the Olympics. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. If I'm been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna eat exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for this. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere Christmas Day


it's The Knicks Best of 2024 sale. Going on now@nicks.com don't miss incredible deals on life changing. Leakproof underwear, unbelievable everyday bras and more from the number one Leakproof brand in North America. Save big like 30% off brass, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms. 60% off. swim@nicks.com. That's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish Leakproof Fundies Plus shop other year-end clearance deals like 30% off bras, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Knick's favorites. Or try something new during the Knick's. Best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's k And I x.com. Hurry the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to k nicks.com. That's KI x.com.


Oh it's such a clutch off season pickup Dave. I know right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room Wines.com made it crazy affordable to replace our old blinds. Hard To install. No it was easy even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look At you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in The World. Oh blinds.com is the goat. The Goat Shop up to 45% off select styles. Plus a free professional measured and a 100% satisfaction guarantee during the blinds.com year-end blowout up to 45% off now@blinds.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


Comfort is a motherfucker because you Can get too comfortable, you can get comfortable at doing nothing Complacent. You can get comfortable at doing nothing. And I said that shit to my my folk yesterday. I said you know people is complacent with doing nothing but don't understand it. Take the same amount of energy to do nothing, to do something. You wasted so much doing nothing that you coulda did something with the energy that you wasted on doing nothing with now doing nothing. That shit take a lot of energy. That shit is draining you to do nothing and more of nothing. You might as well anything man my jacket God damn bro. Ny That loud as Jacket bro.


You hear me running? Is it still plugged up on me? Hey. Hey you can hear me? Yeah. Where is it? I think it says oh 'cause it's dying here. Shit on my nuts. You heard my balls bro? I need some more sticky tape. You good. Press that bitch hard. I swear this shit ain't, this shit ain't pressed That first. Oh man. They even thought it was still up here. That shit probably dying there the whole time. Like your jacket. It wasn't even my jacket. Thank you more sticky tape.


Appreciate it. Hell yeah. Hey oh play, play that other beat you about to play bro. Bro it was the second one before you played that beat A five Christmas coming up. Man you buying food for Christmas? Hold up. Did you eat everybody Thanksgiving Bro? Hell no I don't we that shit I don I don't give a fuck what a nigga talking about bro. I we just gonna eat everybody's food bro. Right. And everybody can't cook at my family. I don't care. I got one of the family, they be acting like they can cook man can't nobody cook. You see everybody come with they little plates and them love.


They be having a little shit wrapped up. I be like ain't nobody been eating that shit. They be taking that shit like right back like at the end of the night it might be like two, three scoops outta each pan. They be like don't nobody want to eat them bare potato and cut you this shit dry and you gotta be thankful but I don't have to eat nasty food and am I right? Yeah you right. I'm thankful but I ain't gotta eat nasty food. Like I ain't gotta like be like oh let me be super thankful real like nah I got an option And I pick and choose my option. Nah man I ain't really want to overdo it on Thanksgiving I had some some nice Turkey and shit.


You did? Yeah. See it's a different, when people can cook, when people can cook throw down. Like my partner hip folk can cook and I'm one of them kid And I ain't never want to overstay my welcome bro because every time I went over to somebody house I always found myself like eating a lot that like that that little nigga that home like my little, my partner I used to think waffles and peanut butter jelly sandwich was like luxury. I used to go to my partner house but my, I used to ask my partner mama, I used to be like excuse me Miss Connie, can you meet me? Three peanut butter, three peanut butter and jelly police three.


Hell yeah. One time she fit me too and she was like you want another one? I was like I can get another one. She like hell yeah. But I used to ask him for three every time because I wasn't fixing some shit at my house. I don't know bro. I don't know what was up with my mama. She was so militant You couldn't have three peanut butter and jelly since It wasn't that. It was just, she wasn't bringing this shit home. Like you know how like you know how your folk go grocery shopping. Her grocery shopping was different. It was like snacks and banina sausages and salts and shit. So it like bread it bread but then they ain't like they ain't got no peanut. We ain't got no jelly either. Damn. We ain't got no jelly either.


I'm like bro what's in the cabinet? There's some ss some some some one them cracker one them dry egg cracker. The salty saltine saltine some vain sauce bro. I still fuck up a whole sleeve of them. I just eat them bitches. Man that shit like eating cardboard. I tell That's probably from growing up with old people. You if you eat them right now you hungry bro. We always had food at my house. If you eat some saltine right now you are hungry. We always had some food at the crib because You eat it thinking like other food is gonna show up. Hell nah because we stayed out in the country bro. So we always had a whole bunch of food and what?


Oh and then you know my folk went to church so you know that little blue can that little blue can The cookies? Yeah the what are they Crown Roy? King Roy Some shit. It's something Roy with the different sets of cookies in the little plastic white Cook. You had them cookies like not just the can like you had 'em when it was new. What Nigga that what that was a church. I don't know what them cookie did to them. Church folk. Man them folk walking around like that shit was like holy cookies nigga they give you that blue can but You know some of my favorite cookies nigga What Them cheap ass cookies? Them butter cookies. It be three rows in them bitches for 99 cents. It's like a hundred goddamn cookies. I know What you talking about With the little circles in the middle. Them Peanut butter cookies. Man I found out about them locked up like Chocolate chip ones too.


Them bitch busting Busting and this shit ain't even real chocolate chips. They the same butter cookies with a little chocolate swirl in them. But you know what I fuck with. What's the little the little, the Little what the fuck shape Shape is that The cookies that that like that man what you put 'em on your finger like rings. That's What I'm talking About. Oh the one? Yeah Little bitch busting, Busting, busting. But they need kids though man. These kids got made. You think so? Yeah they ain't no childhood. Ain't nobody riding bikes. These kid don't even ride bikes. Hell ain't nowhere to go. It's too many motherfuckers out here snatching kids Think they still snatching Kids? Hell yeah this is the all time half a motherfucker stealing kids. Damn. I remember when the white van when we were coming up they just stay away from the white van now these crazy as nigga.


I feel like everybody crazy. They Ain't even using vans no more. These motherfuckers is kidnap a kid in a Toyota Prius. These Motherfucker crazy Niggas is getting kidnapped in. Oh yeah I did, I did. I did see a couple videos. These motherfucker weird man I don't, if they allow us to do community justice they should just let us have our way with 'em. These Are the same motherfuckers from the community. They be acting. That shit is scary bro. Let her beat 'em up right quick. I maybe won't sna nobody else up Let they put them two p on his eyes. Hey Man that's why you gotta stay off the internet 'cause I watch a lot of conspiracy theories and shit like that and they said a lot of them people who be coming up missing, they got some kind of special kind of blood and shit.


For real. That why I just be staying outta the way. I feel like everybody crazy Like they got a certain kind of blood type that them motherfuckers be looking for. I don't know. I Feel like everybody crazy shit. I feel like everybody can pull out they crazy at any moment. You know how you just like crazy like me in line and then the motherfucker like alright see I'm waiting for that motherfucker so I can be like all right go on that bullshit. I gotta go home. Just let me get out the door and then you can play crazy once I leave. But I can't be in your little crazy game 'cause I gotta, I gotta get home because y'all need be tripping out here. If you got, if you ever come across a person you think they having a crazy episode, just look 'em in the eyes that'll tell you if they, if they eyes ain't shit there you ain't get the fuck away from them.


You gonna make eye contact with the crazy motherfucker. Yeah you gonna like you you The Eyes me. That'll Tell you everything bro. Fuck I shouldn't. That's they Tell you you gotta look motherfuckers in the eyes man you gotta Sneak your way outta there man. You gotta get up outta there. You gotta look, you gotta think about it like it's war. Y'all play Call of Duty. Oh I just heard two three gunshots. I gotta get up outta here. They call of duty now they call of duty time. Man y'all nigga had playing that nigga out here really tripping. He call a duty tie. JO in. I'm gonna put your hat on and we finna turn off Man you got a F hat? Lemme See your hat J gotta go. Where the hell you get a hat from?


I Chicago. Chicago. You just kept it first time you did the auto tune for real. First time I had it on. Why you ain't ever gave it away? He love it. Apparently Lucky Ain't that your lucky hat bro. We gotta bring all tune on the show. He talking Yeah we need to put hat tail. You be that nigga with the hat on Jalen. You stick the chop baby. I got you baby Man bring that bitch. What you gotta bring the little autotune shit back in Here? He better have playing with it. His himself talking about he created in this shit. He be lying to the ho you I created this thing. Yeah yeah baby. Yeah That nigga cool The hell with all of that.


I wanna see you mad jail nigga. You, you get mad. I do. Well it's my motherfucking money. Yeah you fucking niggas. Yeah like are you mad or you singing a song nigga what the fuck? That nigga crazy. Right. You better know that. But you from Memphis. No he not. Why you keep saying That? He say he from Tennessee. My bad Shit it's more shit in Tennessee than Memphis. My bad. That the first thing. Come on nigga. That shit like muscle mirror now. My bad. Shit. That nigga you from Memphis? No my bad Nashville gonna be net That's way on the other side. That shit crazy bro.


They ain need fix the heating system in this motherfucker Tone when they got to start this shit at 12 o'clock. Why I gotta take 12 hours for this shit to heat up. It's a big building Goddamn. Damn bro. We left the trap but still got the trap essence in this motherfucker bro. The trap used to be toasting but The trap used to be warming here, they ain't gonna cap. It was in a dangerous location though. For real. For real. That's why a nigga thought we were tripping. Every time we hear go pop that the train. That the train. Oh yeah. Everybody Used to be like man y'all over here. But what we had everybody over there. That crazy part. We had folks in the hood pulled up.


Nigga had the sheriff in the hood. He knew it. He had back up outside Back we had what's the lady name? She ain't win though. She the only one who didn't win. Stacey a yeah man, Stacey Abra done came on our show and fucked up a ruckle. We damn She the only politician that did win. Everybody won but her, I said she was gonna win too because they said they didn't like her at first. She came up like everybody like me. I was like I don't think so. I thought with Stacey, I thought with just Stacy She gonna win next time. Go go win girl. She gonna win next time. Nah, I I, you know what I'm saying, I hope she win. I'll fuck with her.


I'm gonna run for congress bro. Something for like Georgia Like city council type shit. You'll do it like district don't. I don't want too much. Gimme two streets Don't get caught up in no scamming. I'm not getting caught up in no scamming. I don't even want the money. I want the money they gave everybody else like don't gimme my individual money. You know how they be like well you know we got a whole specific no gimme the one you gave 55 Sam. Yeah I want, I want the collective don't I don want none individual nothing. They be getting fucked up over crazy How Be small bro. They be thinking that them folks ain't watching. They're watching. They done stole millions but they get caught stealing $121,000. It be small shit because it be one investor that won't know exactly what y'all did with that money.


I ain't never seen him do nothing with the money. I gave him a hundred, $250,000 he never showed up. And look I saw 'em on boots and yachts. It always be a booting yacht in the ball. That's what I be watching on YouTube DC when the motherfuckers get caught up in the scam. I love the scandals. Right. Real life where the politicians Sir Sir Did you steal $722,000 Getting caught? You get gun. I've never been a thief. They always play some breaks. You driving too fast. Motherfucker get caught stealing money.


All of a sudden they get caught holding some papers down Slack. They always got some papers. Get the why come out with the papers under Their arm. No, no comment. No comment, no comment. Uhuh Sir. Excuse me. It's been two years. District attorney. I can't believe that they already getting convicted. I can't believe that you stole all that money. What do you have to say For yourself? I like them investigative reports. What it man? Investigative reporters? Yeah they sit right there and they just, they be on, I like, I watch all that type of shit like in 30 For 30 When they take, when they take the car in to get the oil changes and they be getting scammed, they be done put all the cameras in the car.


Yeah man it's bad. Hey look for the, you know all change I tell you. Hey when your wiper the transmission machine, the the Like That's not true. This is actually a brand new car and I'm Brian Roberts with Investigative News. Three reports. We've been getting reports that you've been telling everybody they need more service. No call, no comment, No comment. Man that shit be funny man. That shit Crazy bro. Or when the police get in trouble by the other police money Launder. What? Nah, when they be getting caught and they had Talking about like the one who been taking money on the Look like they be doing shit like, like one motherfucker got caught.


He had it, he was stealing money from the county. They found out they arrested him at the end of his shift bro. He was just no on his way walking to the car nigga this is real. Caught his ass. Caught his ass. Yeah bitch ass nigga. The crazy part about it. I, the police got a oath too. They don't like snitches. They look at you crazy. You told on the cop I'm a cop man. Fuck you man. You gotta watch some of them videos where the police get into it with the police while they at work. Mm. You know I seen one where the sheriffs and the, and the city police were into it.


They gotta fight outside the jail. Who hit? Who won the city? It wasn't necessarily a winner but they, they fought. Oh okay. Because you know how they look at the sheriffs, they look at sheriffs just like security guard. They can lock a nigga up. It's the other way around. Right. In certain certain cities the sheriff leave is like the chief but in our city the sheriff just work at the courthouse and then the jails, that's it. Oh. All I know that shit crazy. It criminal man. Yes sir. Are we dropping this on Christmas or is it gonna be a week for four? Christmas. Gimme some candy man.


Come nigga. What is this? Is it Chocolate? Hell yeah. This is an old ass candy you eating But the great part about it is skinny. So it been in there For a minute. I'm saying some old people. Shit. What chocolate just Milk chocolate nigga? Hell Nah man ain't gonna wrong no chocolate. My Eh, what is wrong with you? My teacher's dad the same shit I used thought I would be doing normal shit. I thought everybody did. That Ain't no way. I remember one time I was, I was in class. Right. I don't know, I ain't never like quietness.


So like if, if, if, if the class got quiet I don, I don't know where that shit came from. I don't know. I just always sung everything always bro. Even when I ain't tried to, that shit just came out. Excuse me. I be like excuse me Mr. Whitfield, what's wrong with you? I ain't, I ain't them no like but nigga crazy as fuck Yo. What wrong with you man Bro. Then when I got my class baby with it, when they were with that shit I was like y'all like that shit.


They were like yeah. I was like you better turn up Emini here turn up. And I had fun. I'm telling my par, I'm telling my partner bro. A lot of people smoke after high school bro. Certain things you jump off the port earlier with like I told my mama I was smoking at 15 So I had the privilege of smoking in front of my mama at 15 and it was not a problem. That ain't a privilege. It was a privilege. I couldn't even smoke in front of George Wallace. Now I could. All that damn cussing he was doing fuck shit. Motherfucker hit her there her I was like man OG with the shit we sitting here baby aint kids nigga please let's do it ain't you daddy And I ain't having that.


You hear me? What George Wallace 88 Man he fucked around and get high on the second hand smoke. Nigga be lost going all around 2 85 driving slow. Motherfucker these brother still ain't made it home. Two Lord I stay over here so much. I can't remember Which one of these Houses they Just say that He on.


Everybody ring camera In the neighborhood Drunk. Say that man I was on there with DC man ain't got me high. I slept in the car last night. I had to wait for the sun To come up. Couldn't find shit. Baby girl, you sleep Text me. He talking about you came up here and run the doorbell. This shit, why that funny bro.


But you dummy here but nigga talking about he probably still ain't made a home bro. Aint you? Ain't about ring camera but that's funny bro. Double hell boy. 88 man. 88 pushing. It still got their mind though man. They don't even understand how blessing it is man. You 88 And I grew up with old people bro. They lose they mind early like in they sixties. See what I'm saying? Seventies be kind of coherent but it ain't, it ain't grasping the eighties man. Come on man. Nineties. We thankful they still living man. But when a motherfucker be coherent and they still can give off that wisdom and and working bro you gotta get y'all, y'all niggas all that old nigga tell me shit crazy as hell man.


You sitting and ask them nigga questions all day and just listen man, just feed. Get that game bro. I wish I could talk to my dad and mama and, and and and like at a age where I know what they saying now and we can have a grown conversation. You see what I'm saying? I still talk to my mama, you know she go in and out of the dimension. Air blue moon. But it like I know how solid my mama was. If I would, if, if I could kept my mama at a like at a 54 say she'd like 54. If I could have a conversation with my mama at 54 when I know she going at three jobs a day and she marking all three And I can really have a conversation with my mama. Let me talk to my dad at and you know my daddy had me at 61.


Let me talk to my dad at like seven two. So I take seven two. Right, right here when you, you you ain't about to retire, you probably got like three more, three, four years before you retire. Before the actual dementia really kick in. Lemme talk to you when you about seven two a real conversation man please. These nigga be acting like they can't add no question. Well you better soak all that game up from your og. That's all you got. That's gonna tell you the real for real for real. And then it's on you to decipher what's going on and you just gotta apply the shit in the real world. Stop acting like you smart but you ain't smart nigga you ain't smart.


You ain't got yourself outta nothing. You feel me? You lucky God Keep sparing you. You ain't smart nigga be acting like man you ain't did shit. Wait, wait until the next one that you about to do. You gonna see how smart you really is. Start playing. I'm telling you start playing. That's Why old niggas be so disappointed they you could see it in their face. Young nigga ain't been through shit yet. Old nigga ain't did nah I ain't even fucking that boy. That the thing back then nigga was player, nigga was fucker back then. He didn't, they scared a pu And I like to be scared of it though.


These Nigga verges I'm, I'm damn scared of pussy myself. Why Nigga don't say that. I'm telling you pussy out here is evil nigga you see a pussy. I see a hole of danger. That's what a big at home saying right now. That's what I be saying baby Uhuh, we ain't talking to you. They ain't, they don't watch you. We ain't to you. They don't watched You. We ain't talking to you. You crazy. Them nigga be watching them nigga crazy. All that stupid shit. Nah That's too extreme. I wasn't talking about like that. Oh okay. But you got something of these niggas who can't make up they mind for they self, they slow. Yeah these nigga dumb pussy is beautiful.


Oh it definitely Is. Pussy is the golden ticket. All of it ain't worth it though. Pussy Is the golden ticket to stress relieving pussy is the golden ticket to you finding your way Pussy makes everything feel a whole lot better sometimes. Everybody gotta Just say hold up, just gimme some pussy. You better read the fine print on that pussy. Right. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying. See Who's the inventor of that pussy? Who the inventor Who's the inventor of that pussy? What if it wasn't ever supposed to be as good as it is? I think it's evolving. The shit's so crazy man. The shit's so crazy.


Motherfucker. I know motherfucker. This motherfucker that got the pullback, they got pus on the inside and then when you try to come back it it, it, it tells you it holds your dick and it kind like it. It's the pussy that come out the pussy be like don't go Ooh but we gonna gonna be right here, right here. Don't go, don't go. You be like, ooh it. Some of that you don't get, you don't wanna leave that, that what you want. You know what I'm saying? You want some of that pull back. So a lot of women they got that pull back. They just, they just got open doors. You know They just come on in, come on out.


You period me in and out if you know come on in, come on. Ain't nobody gonna be right here, right here. You know No Grip, no grip but you know gotta has grip it wa there now. I ain't say no flow ain't we gotta has some grip. I Just say my door is, is is a slip. You know somebody came and banged on it one time. You know Her name Miss too slip. You know What I'm saying? You some of that smoke as I gotta go take a shit That fucked up. Mr. Jones wouldn't let smoke shit in the house. That crazy. That crazy. You gotta be, you got, you gotta nigga man what's up with the best shit we got.


Listen That white gave Adam Eve. He said I got something for your freak as you tripping. You Think so? Yeah man hey man leave that goddamn damn rabbit alone man. Huh? Man that little eve He was fucking A rapper ain't on telling. You know when a nigga by hisself you know niggas nigga can't be by theirself too long. Nigga can't be nigga Fuck the rabbit. He man nigga can't be by theirself too long. Ain't nobody down there telling what to do either. They goddamn rap got you leg where you Going? I hope that nigga ain't fucking no Rabbit. Nigga was like hey hold up. Put that goddamn rabbit down, nip your arm up.


That's a big rabbit. That's a, that's a mega rabbit. Okay Put that goddamn rabbit down nigga. Nigga got caught fucking a rabbit. I can just explain. They Keep hopping man ain't never seen them hop before. It is only you down there nigga. You know I tell you, you what to do. I'm telling you bro means I gotta understand bro. Listen man there's a way to live in this dysfunctional world, you know, Which way is that?


You just gotta find a way that best suit you. That's why I'm not pushing no agenda And I ain't seen and I'm not forcing you to come with me. You feel what I'm saying? Everybody else is forcing and you wrong. All right. Okay. We can come to agree to disagree okay? But you don't have to bash me 'cause I'm not bashing you. 'cause in my world I'm comfortable and it don't really involve you. So stop involving me in your world. I just know to walk around your world. You see what I'm saying? I ain't gotta be including in your shit Facts. I'm just walk around it. I ain't even finna come over there and disturb that shit either.


Them nigga a whole nother word going on over there. Lemme go over here. You feel what I'm saying? I'm Straighting on that. That's the hell of a philosophy hit me. Some of them paper towels right there. Where is it? Right there? Oh Hell yeah. I'm straight on that shit. You gotta live And let live, You see what I'm saying? That's why they say let shit be because they already living in The World. Everybody got their own perception on everything. So guess what? You living in a certain world anyway because your perception may not be my perception now we may agree on certain shit. That's just where our worlds have common grounds at. You see what I'm saying? We got common grounds but we still living in a different world. That nigga cut the beat off. I was just jamming.


Yeah And I did not mean to play That man because you you didn't hear it with that hat on. That's what we trying to tell you. Stupid ass lil back Cri my back. Anybody buying criminal gifts You got, I was just about to say man what you got about this shit? What Ain't buying ass shit? You lying Shit over with. I gave, I gave 'em, I'm I'm, I'm a real old school player. We give gifts early. I'm, I gave my Christmas gifts outta October. Got an old school player born in 93. Two ninety two. Yeah that ain't old school nigga. I close to the eighties. Nah nigga I was three years away from the eighties. Nigga be like yeah two years. No you gotta count 92, 9, 1 and 90. Stupid ass boy.


Stop playing with a nigga do mad boom nigga. You A old school player? Yeah on three years in the nineties though right now I almost 89. Yeah nigga you nigga Was three years away talking almost 89 old school, school player. What? I ain't even gonna lie. I'm glad I was born in the nineties though because If you a old school player, what am I What year you born? 83. 83. Damn you. You jealous Like me in the other dimension nigga. I'm the precursor. He 83 bro. So you like a nine three. A nine three nigga than 90. You. You don't even know what I was doing in 93 nigga. I was, I had a whole that was a good time fucking empire of trading Nintendo tapes.


No that's what I'm saying. That was a good, that was a good time to be alive. What The fuck I could ride my bike in 1993. No that's what I'm saying. That was a good time to be alive Nigga. Nine five was when shit got alive Because you now you We were playing Sega like a motherfucker. But this thing though, in 95 you coach you of age best You like 14, 14 15 when? Nine five In nine five. I was 13, I was right. Yeah. 12, 13 I was about 14. Yeah that's a good time. But check This out because you could see the Tupac and the big as you understand that shit nigga. I remember when VE came out like I saw we nigga had that shit. We was just looking at the album cover like this shit crazy. Right, Right, Right.


I remember all that shit. Nigga Tupac got better albums that don't nobody never talked about like Thug life. Right. His first shit Tu Pocalypse now shit go crazy. Right. Oh man it is a lot of them motherfuckers. Tupac was a dope motherfucker bro. That nigga was dope at everything. That's why, that's why I appreciate other niggas experiencing life. That's Like a lot of niggas get upset at the who the best between Pac and Biggie nigga. That's they both was the best. Right. They both did what they supposed supposed to do Both the best and it ain't like you can pick one over the other. 'cause they both were like was dope as fuck. Right. But see Pac, he was a bigger performer.


Right. That Nigga he know how to sell whatever that package Was. Yeah. Now it wasn't like that nigga was pretending like that nigga really meant everything. I know That but I what I'm saying he knew like it was, it came to a certain extent like a nigga a rapper shooting the police. Y'all nigga talk about that. No he did It. He did it. He did it. Ah shoot at the police. No you would or you think you may have this nigga shot two police and had to look at him in court face to Face. But see the dope thing about they were like they Stood in front of him. He was like, Y'all Shoot your ass again. The dope thing about Tupac dope is that nigga was a revolutionary fast but he was too extreme.


He was one of them niggas. He was like man we finna go over here and we can all die if we all gonna die together. Right, right, right. You get what I'm saying? Right, right. He was a real activist just like, like Trey right? You get like he the one who was, if some shit happened, he was gonna be the rapper who showed up and didn't need no fucking publicity. He gonna get on the news and he gonna say the shit and be with the family and really be out there like right, right, right. But he really was going to be one of them niggas who was in the city really smoking weed and running with the thugs and really had a pistol on him and really shooting out with the police.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


It's the Nick's best of 2024 sale going on now@nicks.com. Don't miss incredible deals on life changing Leakproof underwear, unbelievable everyday bras and more from the number one Leakproof brand in North America. Save big like 30% off bras, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms. 60% off. swim@knick.com. That's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish Leakproof IES Plus Shop other year end clearance deals like 30% off bras, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Knicks favorites. Or try something new during the Knicks. Best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's k And I x.com. Hurry the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to nick.com. That's kni x.com.


Thursday on a BC get ready to move that bus. The beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clea dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process, it's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's Thursday at eight seven Central on a b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it,


It is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to chum a Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Good people. What's up? It's Questo Quest love and Team Supreme And I have been working hard to bring you some incredible episodes of Questlove Supreme with guests you definitely don't want to miss. Now one of the things I love about this Questlove Supreme Podcast is we got something for everybody. Every type of musical ever, we enjoy speaking to the people who are the face of some movements, some people you've seen on stage or TV or magazine covers. But we also love speaking to the folks who are making it happen behind the scenes and they paved the way for those that followed, you know, keytones to the culture. This season we've had some amazing one-on-one conversation like M Babe Hill chatting up with Hitmaker, Sam Holland shook Steve chatting with the legend Nick Lowe. And I've had pleasures in doing one-on-one conversations with Willow Sonata, Matre, Kathleen Hanna and the Rizza. These are conversations you won't hear anywhere else, so make sure you go back and you check those episodes out. All right, listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But it's a lot of niggas who gonna say Pac wasn't gangster right? Well he was just pretending. Right. But some of that shit you can't fake. You can't, you just can't just can't fake. But then it just go to show you nigga for the nigga to be that good and then for him to be dead nigga waited for him to be dead 25 years to even speak anything Ill on his name let you know that that nigga was exactly what he said he was because you not on let you had the chance to say that shit when that nigga was alive and you didn't And he said fuck you while he was alive. If it was smoke but you had to wait all he gonna let you know it smoke. Right. He like man when we going there it fucked him nigga I'm like god damn bop.


When we see them niggas we gonna let 'em know it's star life. I'm like this nigga is crazy. You know what else is crazy though nigga here in DMX get at me do for the first time. Mm Oh that nigga went crazy bro. That nigga went crazy bro. That nigga that's man, when DMX came out that nigga had The World on fire bro. It like every nigga in The World listening to DMX real for real. A lot of that shit now is like you looking back all that shit old. But it is like these motherfucking moments. But that's what I'm saying, like some shit was so good made a nigga go to the mall.


You had to have that motherfucker. I'm talking about you could hear a song on the radio and be like I'm fitting to go by that right now. We don't got that shit no more. That's What I'm saying bro. Emini here it is. It's it's Moment. It's more accessible 'cause you could just do it right on your phone. But nigga that's the excitement that go with that shit going to the mall to get them J's bro. Right, Right, right, right. It's a process to this shit man. They, they done done took away the process. Remember that Shit when you walk in the fucking Foot Locker in this like these motherfuckers so exclusive they got 'em just can't afford the motherfuckers right here. If I, if I had a time I pay do that, I'd go back in time. I'll Pay that down Jay One more time from Foot Locker I would pay down, I Pick, I'll go back to like 93 too.


Ooh. When them bitches, when them bitch meant something them bitches were like Louis ton. Damn bro. I Walking school with James bitch so crisp. Crazy bro. I remember my, I remember my sister When the came out the black ones nigga was like bro what the fuck, what the fuck are those nigga You got some Jordan The five Nigga thought they were Jordan when they wore Jordan brother Because everybody didn't have the the black You not Jordan bro. She so stupid that the Black fives. Black fives shit Nigga. I had my first pair James in the third grade. I wore em bitch all the way up to the sixth And I got to the point bitch look like house shoes.


You just Feet Out the shoe. I'm I up the, But then after the fives I got the white cement threes. Ooh. Oh I couldn't wait to wear them motherfucker. Them still my favorite. Jordan my favorite shoes White cement threes the white cement threes man. 'cause then is like what made me want to get the threes was when Kadeem hardison on different world. That nigga had all the Jays first different world. Man that nigga wasn't D. That nigga Dwayne Wayne with the flip up glasses nigga everybody had them flip up glasses nigga I still try to find So nigga, that nigga was so cool When he brought them bitches out.


That nigga was one of them niggas bro. And he, he started out, he was supposed to be like the nerd. He started out being the cool nigga. Yeah this nigga had The wine. The wine. I'm like why she taught like that? I love It. She was a southern belle. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Badass Tried to make her, they tried to make her sound country. I like, I used to like Freddy, She was bad too. It Little weird but then you go all the way back. I Marissa told me was on there too. Talk, talk Now she was one of them ones in the early like 90. See different World was our grown-ish late Early 90. She see different World was our grown-ish today that Blackish whatever that that, that that show is that they got the Yeah.


With them going to school and shit. Yeah. You feel me? But it resonated with us. But see when they dropped different world that made every black kid from the age of fucking probably eight to 19 want to go to college. Right. Because this is, you gotta keep in mind this is our first time seeing all these different HBCUs on all these sweaters. Like seeing a fraternity on TV for the first time. Sororities. These are just like that. That had never been done before. You get what I'm saying? Because it ain't showing like black people on there struggling. Now they are trying to figure out how they gonna pay tuition about working and shit.


Real life shit. Probably the most accurate depiction of black college we'd done ever had. Right, Right. Or a TV show. Right. And it kinda set the standard Because they were talking about real shit on that motherfucker. Man they was, it was going through real shit. Motherfucker was getting pregnant, getting in abusive relationship. Mr. Gaines let motherfucker wash dishes so they don't get kicked outta school and shit. Did Dwayne get robbed? He got caught a nigga by Dean Kane nigga. Him and Ron got, they got in a fight at the football game. They caught the white boy spray paint nigga on the car. Which was really like a real, that shit really happened at a lot of schools around that time. White people don't have that kinda of racism no more.


Right. Everything on camera they don't even get to. Man I really miss spray painting   on cars. Yeah. We don't even burn crosses no more. The gas prices and got so damn high. All they gotta do is put a Trump sticker on and be like we got, we covered up with Trump stickers. Put Trump sticker. Everybody. Everybody know who you are. Yeah give him a Trump sticker. But then it's like that then the Cosby show was the was before that so. Right. Right. This is the first time I think motherfuckers seen Nigga ain't seen nigga with money. Niggas with money. For real, for real. George Jefferson had paper now. Right.


But he didn't get the flex. Right. You get what I'm saying? George Jefferson had paper nigga right You That He stayed on the top floor at the condo. He had a high rise. Nah, He had a deluxe apartment in the scab bro. That's what I'm saying. That was a nice, that was a real humble way of saying this nigga got a penthouse. His Shit, his shit was bigger than everybody else. They kept coming over By the way he kept throwing white people out. He called em hun. He cracks and, and Mr. Charlie, he called him Mr. Charlie right now. That was Pete black man racism. Right. And like in the seventies when they was calling all white men Mr.


Charlie Where Mr. Charlie came from. Rich niggas Right. Rich niggas came From, ain't nothing but old Mr. Charlie. Mr. Charlie George Jefferson was five two looking white men right in the face on national tv. Right. Calling them Hons and crackers And I bullshitting. He was looking up at them nigga as Listen him What? I said I'm sorry get out. He but it would just be unsolicited though. He like sorry we I just don't feel like being around no Honkeys today.


No cap nigga. No cap On Prime. This one George Wa now it's three networks. Right. One of these networks let a nigga get on there collar a white man a cracker head on Honky. Yeah. And Mr. Charlie And Mr. Charlie male face. I'm talking about in the seventies. Boy. Think about this shit. I'm talking about this right after Martin Luther King just died. 69 6 8 69. Huh? Martin Luther King died in 64. Died 64. Yeah. Thought he died at 6 8 69 Died. 64. Yes. He did die at six four. Yeah it was right in there.


Somebody died at 68 6 9. It either 64 or 65. I'm hiring. I I should know. I know in my regular mind. Right. Okay. Was 68. Huh? It was 60 K was 68. 68 Bad. Don't fly, don't let nobody deter your mind state. Yeah exactly. You was right and you was Finn to be wrong agreeing with wrongness. 68. 68. 68. Yeah. Yeah I thought it was earlier than that. Uhuh. Okay. It was close to 70. That's why I be trying to tell a nigga like we, that shit wasn't that far back. I was born in nine two, you feel me? Nigga 32 years ago. You Just gonna sweat it. That's a long ass time ago bro. I'm 32 nigga. Nigga some shit happened in nine two that these young kids got to know about.


Hey gang, you happened in nine two. You know they what it called what the mother they beat up Rodney King. That shit was in nine two wasn't it? Yeah. Nine two or nine three. Yeah. These kid don't know man. I'm talking about n television but I'm talking about they beat him. I had a field date with 'em. You Were you. Well they had a bombing in Atlanta in 96. That what I'm trying to tell these four. These four be acting like this shit just like this shit right around the corner. Gang Nigga I was here. That's what I'm trying to tell you. When it happened I was four. I've been in Atlanta since the late eighties. Nigga I was here before you was born. Well you were here three times before I was Born. Yeah I was here before.


Exactly. Yeah I been, I've been here before. You were born nigga. But what they called what? What they used to call middle school when you was In junior high? Junior fucking high. You at the junior high school went To junior high. I know you did. I would say the girl name but she probably a respectable citizen now. She used to suck dick for ice cream in junior high. Ice cream was 50 cent. That's great. And he don't Every that went to junior high school with can tell you And he don't wanna believe. Might they might put it in the comments. 'cause I've been noticing my Oxford people been tuning in. But when y'all junior high started what? Seventh? Huh? Sixth, sixth, seventh and eighth with junior high.


Okay. And he don't wanna believe that the girl showed me how to lick the titty in first grade but they took dig it your high but they second dig drew your high school. You. You see what I'm trying to tell you man. Everybody had different Experiences. You was not looking no titty in the first grade. I ain't accepting that bro. That's not valid. I'm, I can't call the girl. I like you can't call the girl out because ain't Nobody have no titty in first grade for you to suck This What? What I'm trying to tell you, you Might have licked her chest. It was a chest titty. No it wasn't a titty. I ain't say titty like and titty. I'm speaking of a girl so I'm gonna say titty but you know she had a chest. I Just stopped. This is very inappropriate. I was in the first grade. Nah, that's too young But I can't help that.


She was fast. Motherfuckers had babies in junior high. Sixth grade bro. So you think they fast than sixth? The bitch was fast. First Emini Here. It ain't necessarily the sixth graders they beat them Seventh grade. Bitch I don jump out the fifth grade black. I'm gonna grad it been fast doing All the Wild shit. The girl got pregnant in the sixth grade. Let me nigga continue in the first. Yeah when you was In the sixth grade you ain't really know shit. It was very the seventh and the eighth graders who was Listen Teaching you all the bad Shit. Okay you hunched for a long time. What do you think hunching is gang? Them kids at elementary school, they be hunching. They asshole. We was some hunching leg rubbing motherfucker. Yeah Because y'all seen somebody doing this. That's what I'm Trying to Point out Being shit bad influence had kids, you don't blame it on everybody just being fucking managed and grown.


That's what we was doing. This gay I got put on my all but I crazy how we Was smart enough not to take our clothes off Bro. I'm talking about like a motherfucker let damn feel good A motherfucker. I wish that shit still felt like that as adults. You, you. That shit crazy. Get the fuck off me man. Ain't so stupid ass. Come on man. Done make me bussing nut man. Get the fuck off me man. I'm sensitive man. The fuck it Back when you couldn't even bust a nut, you just felt different. What? Ooh what is that? I don't know but we need to stop hunting. We are hunching. Is this what you call hunching?


Well I got taught everything bro. I never initiated it. Never? Yep. Never. I never, I I never was one of them freaking niggas. I got freaked out girls. Somebody freak me out. The ones who initiate that shit. No I remember the first time I seen a pussy tripped me out. I remember the girl put my hand, she grabbed my hand. I didn't even know where the pussy was at. I was trying to find it. I hitting all the runs up. She said it. I said oh there is it. Oh shit. That's what everybody we talking about right Now. That's the day everything changed. Why You just keep getting, you just keep getting more vans and more vans You Hell yeah I Teddy That first time you see this shit, it is like everything changed.


Diddy Probably would've still been playing with GI Joes had you never seen a teddy titty before. Fat. Fat. That was the most fun you have nigga having some some motherfucking toys, some keys on or some shit. But the one you done touched the coochie and sucked the titty. That's it my boy. You you, you are a grown man now I'm a little Mustardy titty too. Now you gotta pay a bill. I titty was mustard there So Now that you looking back growing you like there was a little mustard Was outside all day. It was After school too. It wasn't in the morning. It five o'clock today. Why am I sucking a teddy behind my grandma house?


Because the holes always live by your grandma. Don't you used to hate going over there till you suck that titty right there. By now you won't stay away from grandma house. You spend the night on school night and everything. You talking about me behind grandma house. You And sucking titties behind you trying to hurry up before your little sister come back out Outside behind grandma house. Man. Man that's way it went down there. Me. I'm saying bud, you don't understand man. You better watch your kids. Why My sucking and tit behind better Watch. You better watch what they watch. Like that's what I'm saying. Like nigga they watch you.


No but this is what I'm saying bro. When we was kids the excitement, not really the excitement the rush that oh shit we about to watch a porn. Oh like we know we not supposed to be watching this shit. Like we know we not, we know if we get caught we might get beat up for watching this shit. Right. This grown folk shit guy And we like we glued D kid got that shit on Instagram full flash. I'm like bro a nigga eight years old can see some pussy right now. Nigga you tripping. It's normalized gang. It's sold. Gimme some more candy.


They done desensitized this shit just like the the the process of you going to get the shoes at the mall and all that but that ain't desensitized all that shit no more experience. It gonna take away experience away from y'all. This motherfuckers On Instagram. Which y'all want Naked enough for a young nigga to be like she naked. It ain't even gotta be completely naked. It ain't new. It is vulgar though. But it normal though. It is normal though. It normal though. And then this out here first time he said all this shit on the ground and he got access to it too. It ain't like they got a age restriction. You feel they know what the fuck they looking at 'cause they send it to their other little partner. You Feel me?


Hey look at her. She fine in here grown folk too. Lying. Then my girlfriend, You my baby Talking to the spam page like a motherfucker Going crazy thanking that whole life kid. Hey bro you don't know who you talking to. You talk to somebody from Europe. Stupid ass nigga. Freak as white man. Freak as white man. You better stop. You about to find you about to find some shit. You better stop. You playing a danger game y nigga. Oh Daddy damn. Message you be getting. My friend really likes you but she shy. Right. Go to her pay. Right. What she talking about?


This is really me. Go to your nephew Instagram. Look at who he following. Look Who he talk To nigga like grown women. I'm telling you Bro. That nigga who he following, Keisha Cole, Meg the stallion Ice Spice Coray. They can see some pussy. Right. Nah bro you you, you know how long it was before I saw some real pussy but we had to wait till the summertime when it was like Was you behind your mama house Bathing suit. You see the bathing suit by that the closest thing you might see you some pussy. You see what I'm saying? What they hair hanging out? You Ain't seen all that clothes something somebody. What the hell You Ain't even seen all that. The Shit, the hat wasn't enough.


Not there. I'm lying. Ain't trying not to look. You trying not to look. You lying. I had to ask him this nigga my age brother. You seen little, little hell in the leg. Oh nigga you couldn't tell a nigga he he ain't seen no pussy bro. Yeah see little coochie hair. That's it. Lil cat Nigga will not get out that pool. But you ain't. Well we swimming all day. See they swimming all day because they like swimming. We swimming, we swimming all day. We want to see that pussy on that ass. We be up in that water. Why they still in that water bro? We been feeling on each other all day. No cow, no kid be there feeling on each other.


I almost drowned trying to see some titties. It would be one girl if you go under the water she'll pull her titties out. I kept doing it. I ain't really know how to swim like that But kept going under The water. Yeah that was her only thing all you had to do was look under the water and she'll do like This if you stay up under that long enough she know exactly what you're doing. Yeah The funny part about it is it is niggas that I know who can bounce for this. That ain't bullshitting. That's crazy If you go under the water ship Bro. I remember we were like city right. I went on, I went with my partner to his like church retreat. They went like on their little annual retreat but they spent the night in like South Carolina.


So I was like I I want to go. So now I'm a visitor so now the pastor daughter kind of fit. He hit me. So we like good. We just so happy to get the pool ain't hit. Nah hell nah. We get in the pool nigga, we go in like the jacuzzi part nigga we on there feeling on each other. My partner to see me, he look at me, he get out the pool, come over there in the jacuzzi with us blocking, blocking come in there like yo he look dead at me. Alright bro you like hell bro you know what going on nigga. I was dig cl get the coochie. Boy that shit was so funny bro.


These kids ain't got no easy spirit. These man I'm telling I was 15. That's why I say bro you gotta watch 'em. Tell them at least mold them, train them so they won't be out here doing no stupid shit. You feel me? Fuck that bullshit nigga. What? That's that age where you start figuring this shit out bro. First time I got some head I felt like the luckiest nigga in The World. My life changed when I got to hit I felt it. I wasn't the same nigga. I wasn't the same nigga. I was not the same nigga. I know I wasn't like you know you wasn't the same. I'm not nigga you actually nutted. Oh oh you not the bruh.


It is if you the same nigga you tripping. Like I knew I wasn't the same like I felt like a kid before I did it And then afterwards I knew the niggas around me wasn't even doing that type of shit. I was like bro you ain't never got no head but look how you I don look. I could tell like your body language nigga. My body was like this before I walked in that motherfucker after that bar I was like Stefan and that motherfucker man. I was like this come I like hell yeah nigga champ. What? I know you ain't get nothing because nigga you don't even walk like this bro. You don't even talk like nigga run. You feel me? How a nigga been getting head talk? You feel lame in head See nigga la.


Hell bro. Look how that nigga walked. Right. He ain't get no pussy walking like that bro. Nigga talk this And I sw Hey Level up. I felt that shit bro. I felt this shit. Shit was like a drastic change. Guy was like I was a kid and we're from all the hundred and all the being felt on shit. Listen, that shit don't matter no more. Once you cross that threshold and you go over They create a monster. Hey man all that don't text me if you ain't doing this because we over here doing this shit now. You hear me? Don't h on me the little mustard titties. Come on put that mustard titty away.


Take that titty away from me. You go over there deal with them niggas with that shit. I'm over here with the adults bitch. This is a grown boy. We grown over here. Shout damn man that shit was crazy bro. That's why I say bro, I'm glad like my first time eating pussy was 19 so I'm glad 19 because I couldn't eat the my earlier. Oh no. Oh. Put lips on that. I don't know. Hell no. You do that. You're the talk of the town. You was Damn bad like that. You do that. I ain't had my first girlfriend till like 12th grade. Like my first girlfriend grade.


When I say like my first girlfriend, you was an ugly young man. No I wasn't ugly. I'm talking about like my first girlfriend that I'm actually fucking 12th Grade. It's a different, I'm fucking them. But they weren't my girlfriend. They y'all fucking in the 10th. They ain't nothing. But they weren't my girls. They was just, you know the homies. Oh, you ain't getting no puss in ninth grade. I ain't get nothing in ninth. I ain't kept, you know how some nigga be captain like nah, my shit, I did my, my journey started in the 10th. Well ninth, not ninth. I was, I was whipping that though. Don't get me wrong. I wasn't scared. You some nigga be scared but I could try shit. You tell I thought you about nah, Emini here. You said that man. Come on man. They see I gotta stop listening to my partners.


This shit crazy. I gotta find somebody that in pants. Right. I definitely was fucking in the ninth grade. You out here tripping. I thought you Oh, you put it out? Yeah. I was fucking in ninth grade with condo. Who? You knew what you were doing? Yeah, I was fucking, yeah. You were fucking, fucking Yeah It was, I'm from a small town though. Yeah. Don't blame it on the town. It a small town. I'm from a small town to do. Nah, they Ready to fuck me. They were waiting on me to get to ninth grade. I ain't even gonna lie. I It like I was on a scholarship by the time I got to high school it was already I been waiting on you. Huh? For real, For real. They be waiting. Oh. Hell Yeah. Listen, I ain't gonna lie. I, I admit the first time I was scared I, I coulda got something in the ninth grade.


No, I coulda got something in the seventh. Like for real, for real. 'cause she looked at me, she was like, we stayed outta school. And she was like, and you know how you always talk shit. Like, man you gotta stop playing. I do something to you. She like, I'm gonna stay after school. I'm like, stay after school man. Bitch Ashley staying after school. Ashley stayed outta school. Like, but she was way more advanced though, so I just was talking talk. I sworn everything. We standing on the stop room. Then she like, it was yesterday, we standing on the court yard And I was like, shut up. What you going do man? Because you know we finna go home in a minute. The school's so big. It is so, it's so in the spots you can go in. She like, she looked at me and said, I, she said, do you have a call? I could have put it.


Oh. I was like, oh she dead serious. I don dunno what to do. I dunno what to do. I said okay, I gotta come up with something 'cause I ain't ready. Shit. I ain't ready. I just fake it baby. But you dead serious. I said I ain't got no corner, but I had to pa in my pocket. You scared? I was scared bro. Using my, I was scared I had to wait three years later. I had to build up more confidence. Shit. 8, 9, 10. I ready to lie. You couldn't have went the junior high with us. We was acting a fooling junior hat, bro. Nah, Don't get wrong. I I just scared. I was scared of Her. I remember vividly in the seventh grade. 'cause we used to go to the gym after school.


This Is therapy bro. We used talking about we're children Every day. We used to go to the gym and like going to the gym. You had to walk through the park. Right. And if you had some holes that wanted to walk to the gym and they was about that, you was about to have a good day. A Good day. What? Walking to the motherfucking gym. That shit to the take about seven minutes. But I've seen how school You go to take seven minutes. Go to the gym. The gym. Goddamn. This is not the school gym. This the city gym. So y'all leaving the school to go to the city gym? Yeah. Y'all gotta share the city gym? No, it's just close to the school. But why is y'all walking? It takes, it is, it is a shorter walk than it is a ride.


No. Everything supposed to be on, on one campus. You don't get what I'm saying? The school got a gym on the campus. Right. But the city has a city gym that we going to play ball at. It's down The street. It's down the street. But as children, why are y'all walking to this city gym? Because the school right here. Right the park across the street from the school, the, the gym down the hill from the park. Oh, okay. To make it make sense. I feel you. But it was a few little for You. Little duck call. Yeah. If you had it, you know. I Understand. Yeah. I I I'm gonna say her name too. Don't do it. Nah. Okay. Don't do it when I gotta ninth grade. She know who she is. She was a senior.


Yeah, she was A 12th grader. I I got scared that time too. She, but she was on my, when she was on my head, she was like, I was like, damn soda. Well give us a hair. Like, hey, hey, give us a hair. I was trying to evil more like give us a head. Like she like, you gotta be ready. You, I was like, you see when I was in them two ass grave catch it. I want you just touch it. Like pressure, Like getting some head was still kind of taboo. All the ch like, didn't nobody want to be known as a dick sucker. So they used to have to sneak and suck dicking. But they had, but if you got Their head though, they head was more so like, yeah.


Yeah. You got the pussy. You got the pussy. But if you got her to get her head too, nigga was like, she liked you For real Head. They like, yeah, I made her put a mouth on it. Like what? I made her put a mouth on it. How you knew that? Me acting like that shit smell how you knew that. He was like, hey, aint that crazy part about that. What changed my life? 'cause I got the head first. Yep. I knew the pussy was up. Oh, that's a piece of cake baby. Little pussy kid. The piece of cake. I got the head first. I just knew what the pussy felt like. Oh. When I got the pussy on, that turned me up. You got the head first. She wanted you to get it. Facts. You gotta get pre-approved for some head like getting the car loan.


You gotta see if your shit gonna go through or not. Yep. Okay. When you get your first raw. Ooh, probably when I was in about, now that might have been about 10th or 11th grade that I think it was 10th grade. That's why I said 12th grade was my girlfriend. So that was my first raw, because you know we was hitting rumbles when I, I got the raw when I was like all cool, we take the motherfucker off because you my girl niggas. Well that initial two, three stroke, but my eye got so goddamn bitch what? Boy. I was like, what This shit brand new. I was like, boy man please. I turned, oh I, my savage went crazy gang.


Me and baby was having. Well I thought your 12th grade wasn't like mine gang. I was selling dope and fuck I bitch she hear me. No cow. These back Trojan days. You Hear me? What lifestyle means? Shout lifestyle. Gimme that red guy popping the mind. Popping the mat. What? Free condoms free. They free This. When nigga was in high school, you was any, anytime you seen some free condoms. It was a great opportunity. It Was a great opportunity to rack up. Yep. They knew what they were. Yeah. Have no Income. You gotta take it, man. They, I'm talking go back and regroup. They ain't even mad if you go back up there and get some more. Matter of fact, go get some more for me, ain't you?


That's how it should be though. You feel me? Like, go crazy. I remember my nephew called me one day, he said, but they passing out rumors at the, at the mall. Come here. He was on the same time. He had like, nigga they had they passing out money. He said, nigga, you going to leave in. I was like, what They passing out Rumbles at the mall pull up. I pulled up. But we had a hundred of them bitches walking out. We were like, well we got some things to do. No pussy and nowhere in sight. Hey, hey. But we were trick and treat, but early. But July motherfucker look at they like, why y'all, Hey boy, listen, we some young niggas from the west side, we ain't got nothing else to do, but smoke and fuck.


You hear me Ted Toone was at an all time high game. But running outta condoms is, is really humbling. Yes, yes it is. Coming from a, because I ain't gonna lie, I used all them rubs. I used 'em all. And I, and it got to the point when I, when I was getting down to the last few, I was feeling really good by myself. Kyle was like, bro, this bag was full. And we almost through, you been doing a, you've been, you've been doing good. Councilman you keep running the streets and saving The World like you've been doing, man. You know what I'm saying? Like, niggas ain't doing it like you, you know, just keep, try to get another bag if you can.


You know, find somewhere where you can get another bag.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca Cola Company.


It's the Nick's best of 2024 sale going on now@nicks.com. Don't miss incredible deals on life-changing Leakproof underwear. Unbelievable everyday bras and more from the number one leak proof brand in North America. Save big, like 30% off bras, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off. swim@nicks.com. That's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish Leakproof Undies Plus shop, other year-end clearance deals, like 30% off bras, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Knick's favorites. Or try something new during the Knick's. Best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's KNI x.com. Hurry, the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to k nicks.com. That's k And I x.com.


Thursday on a b, c, get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover, mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses, but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clee dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process. It's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's Thursday at eight seven Central on a b, c and will be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it,


it Is Ryan Seacrest here. There was a recent social media trend, which consisted of flying on a plane with no music, no movies, no entertainment, but a better trend would be going to Chumba Casino dot com. It's like having Emini social Casino in your pocket. Chumba Casino has over a hundred online Casino style games, all absolutely free. It's the most fun you can have online and on a plane. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus Terms Inc.


Good people. What's up? It's Questo Quest Love and Team Supreme And I have been working hard to bring you some incredible episodes of Questlove Supreme. What gifts you definitely don't want to miss. Now, one of the things I love about this Questlove Supreme Podcast is we got something for everybody. Every type of musical ever. We enjoy speaking to the people who were the face of some movements, some people you've seen on stage or TV or magazine covers. But we also love speaking to the folks who were making it happen behind the scenes and be paved the way for those that followed, you know, keytones to the culture. This season, we've had some amazing one-on-one conversations like, I'm Dave Hill, chatting up with Hitmaker. Sam Holland Shook Steve, chatting with the legend Nick Lowe. And I've had pleasures of doing one-on-one conversations with Willow Sonata, Matre, Kathleen Hanna and the Rizza. These are conversations you won't hear anywhere else. So make sure you go back and you check those episodes out. All right. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's why I say man, my my, my man. My 17 through 2223. You was raw. Everything. Nah, I didn't raw. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Trying to fuck the story up. Yeah, I wasn't raw. Everything you like. You Was about to say it. 17 to 22. If you were my girl, if you were my girl And I fuck with you, that why wrong felt different because I didn't do it a lot early. I would hit you with a rubber shot. I ain't with that because I heard stories And I ain't wanna be a story. You know what I'm saying? If you heard stories but you think a rubber was gonna save you. Yeah. You still here. I man, I was so geeked up on drugs. I put on two rubbers.


I ain't never did that. I ain't never did that. Have you gotta fuck somebody with two rubbers. You don't trust 'em that much. Don't fuck 'em that. What could that even possibly feel like? I geek absolutely nothing. I was geeked up at the time. At the time. At the time of that, you put on a whole rub. I wouldn't even You put on Another rub on top of that. Yeah. 'cause I was nothing fast. I was trying to stop myself from nothing fast. So I put on two and go crazy. I ain't never heard of no shit. I heard of that, but I ain't never did it. You ain't have to. I Strapp up twice, nigga. Why I strapped up twice. I Would've just jacked off and went home. Nah, I ain't no jacking off. I'ma be her head. I Would've just just went home and jacked off it two Rubbers.


I'm finna be her head in. You hear me? She getting this shit tonight. I'm on there mile. But if You wearing two rubbers, you pretty much certain this bitch got something right. Nah, it ain't that. I, I don't want nut, you feel me? Like no You, I don't, you, you don't want to feel no pussy. You went too Rob. No, I'm, see I'm so geeked up. I'm, fuck it. So I'm feeling the pussy aj. I'm geeked up. You about the nut fans. Yeah, I'm geeked. I'm just, I'm geek. I'm about my mind. That's, that's why you feel me. I was ready to fuck at the door. Like I'm one, I'm one freaking niggas like I was the car like shit. Don't even know where somebody to get into. I'm turned already like I don't need no help.


You feel me? Like I'm, I'm ready already. Like bro, I'm, that's why I didn't even believe that nigga couldn't get hard. I ain't understand that shit. I'm like nigga here can't get hard. Y'all tripping because bitch, this shit on demand. You hear me? Like I don't, I can't even wear a shirt pan. I can't wear a chirp pan baby. It is it, I can't wear a chirp pan. I'm too freaked out. I be at church thinking about be wrong shit. Nick ho die bang. I gotta get up outta here. Not in the house of the Lord. Man, that shit is crazy bro. This shit crazy bro. I got a problem. This lady was the big titties hug me at church. My dick got hard Titty bro.


I had to put it in my pocket. You gotta walk different bro. You gotta walk different bro. I'm titties And I realized, I was like okay, yeah I gotta, I gotta get outta these drugs. Ain't nothing wrong with having safe sex facts. Condoms save lives or they prevent lives. Yeah because when you get older, just fuck somebody that you like and that you know and that you trust Now and then Fuck people. That mean you ain't gotta use no rub. That's all I You gotta do that all the time. Make sure you fuck What I, Hey gang, take that motherfucker off and fuck somebody you trust.


Make sure you fuck a few people that you just wanna fuck that wanna fuck you. That's It. That shit have fun. You know. Don't be passing that shit around Jen. You know the type of person you is. The crank part about it. Women don't me liking ruffles, you feel Me? Nah, I'm wearing But you ain't clean enough to not wear no ruffles though. Okay. The nigga know he ain't cleaning enough. He like nah I need to wear this, take that off. I need wear this baby. I'm just trying to let you know you got on two of 'em. Huh? I'm trying to prevent you. It ain't you Fellas wear rubber. Don't be letting these women raw you. It ain't you. It me baby. Don't be letting these women raw you Man.


No man, you gotta be safe man. Niggas be thinking they growing. That's the only fuck who you going to. Fuck bro. Don't be out here doing all that crazy shit because some of y'all nigga be dirty bro. Ain't men clean, you don't clean shit. I'm trying to double dip. Don't go to the doctor. Don't even have a primary healthcare. Trying to double dip and don't bathe. You think a baby wipe This nigga think he wiped off a baby and wiped out with a baby wipe. Now he pick a fuck another bit. Man, go bathe gang. Go get the first pH balance up off you so you gonna fuck up the other. You feel me? Clean the first pH balance off you then go, you know you ain't even clean the fur one off you. You look down there, you see the frosty flakes?


Yes. Man, you dirty. I ain't you dirty. You feel me? Ain't no way around it bro. Babe bro. Come on man. It's a way to live the freaking life. Just don't be the freaky man out here. Not giving a fuck. Be a safe freaky man. Women like safe freaking man. You know This nigga DC is speaking on behalf of the safe freaking man. Man, safe freaking man. Safe freaking man. We safe freaking man. Man you feel being safe freaking man. Man it's okay to be a freaking man.


But be safe y'all nigga. Be wring bro. Because we still gotta protect our women at the end of the day because that what it go back to too now. Yeah we all living a certain life but protect that woman shot, you feel me? Just don be out here doing shit just 'cause you done got her to give you some pussy and you think you got her bro. It's a way to do this shit Bro. This done turn into a sex ed class now You because you got to. 'cause at the end of the day it's a lot of fucking sexual etiquette. All of us came from a motherfucker fucker. We are products of Fucking, no. My parents had sex. I don, I don't know what my parents had. I know my daddy needed some help. He was 61. They was making love. I don't know what he did.


You A love child. He just, he just put me, I don think he fuck he just threw me in there. He yeah. Yeah. I had to find my way. There was some gospel music playing while they made you. That nigga threw me in there. He said I'm get it, let get it. He had that Mahalia Jackson playing. Nigga had that horseshoe throw. I said, but you lucked up gang. But here You are. I'm gonna blast him bro. Because I even told my mama at four five. They were like bro, first of all you too old to have a baby. Well it's a 50 50 chance that you could either lose your life Or You know some, some may.


I'm just saying she like man I always wanted the boy fuck that. I'm Finn go For it. You nothing to say you the 50, you the 50% chance that nothing happened. That what I'm saying. So we love it man. You know she's a blessing. Yeah, Most Definitely. That's why I love that lady. Keep on going. They been trying me since birth. Been trying your bust since birth. Fucking he don't nothing about me nigga. Fuck nigga, nigga crawl. Nah, he was black though. How you know he was black? Yeah. My momma said damn bro. My momma told me I was born somewhere until I actually seen my birth certificate bro.


I was born somewhere else Where I was born at Georgia Backer. Oh you thought you was a Grady baby? I thought I was a crone baby. Oh George Backer right there by so that explains the little, the craziness. Oh right There. Right there. That joint They, you know that shit they been down now though. Ain't gave what That shit. It did. Yeah that should done great part about it. When I got stabbed up at the same hospital nigga. Oh that's good. They had your birth records. Yeah they definitely did have my birth record. And the crazy part about it is the doctor was so good the, the surgery department over there was so good. It don't get no credit. Excuse me. I went, I went through pretty like it was decent bro. How they treated me over there bro.


Like I didn't feel like I was going through something even though I knew I was going through something. My surgeon went great. The goddamn the way the nigga cut like nigga don't even can't even really see the scar cut. A nigga sold me up so good. I'm like bro you, you done dead did before and by them niggas Recer like when I was going through my recuperation stages, the nurses and shit, they was just on be like hey man you gonna be all right. Like you fucked up. Like they wouldn't come the street but your personality, we like your personality because a lot of people don't be like this in here. They be down and shit. Damn Like you up, you just got outta surgery, you got 27 stitches and you up, you gonna be all right. You had 27 altogether? Yeah, 27. I had seven over here.


10 over here, five in my head, seven in my back. God damn. My partner had a hundred. You had gun wrong up the wrong way down here. I partner had on his that right here. Yeah. Damn y'all was fighting some Jamaicans. Motherfucker crazy. They really was. Some kids that won't underestimate nobody. I'm like listen man, be respectful but if you know what come with it. You can't cry about it. You feel me? That was one of the situation where I had like you, I I went back earlier And I was like bru you, I'm not blaming you for me getting stabbed.


You my friend that needed my help. That what it just said. So happened to come with that shit. But I'm man enough to to be like hey bro I do that shit again bro. Like this wasn't no facade. It wasn't no like oh what the fuck? Like I don't know what come with this shit. It just so happened I had a experience the other side of the shit where I'm like okay this the part of the shit that don't nobody talk about you everybody always win. But what about it when you lose, do you know how to win? Even when you lose This how old I am. I'm sitting here thinking like damn how much did that cost? That had to be a hell of a bill. Ain't that the crazy part about it? They expect my nigga to pay for this Emini here.


They gotta pay for it already. But I'm saying at that time when they ain't had nothing, you gotta go to surgery tomorrow and then they wake up when you got a 19,000 bill, why you can take these stitches outta me? Yeah. I don dunno how much that guy would take that shit out. The fuck y'all stitch me yo. Stick me over that shit. You got nothing cheaper. Yeah. What the fuck is this? It glue my shit back. Well Whatever you do bro. Gimme some adhesive. I sit still for a week straight. Y'all tripping bro. But that showed the other part of the game where it was like the healthcare game. Yeah Like a lot of people don't understand that healthcare game. You know that ambulance ride that's a thousand dollars boy.


Every time they come get you. Huh? When you hear they s that shit say woo. They count that money. That's a thousand dollars ride. That was the first Uber. You know what's crazy like a lot of people been taking Uber to the hospital instead of the ambulance anyway. I don't blame them. Uber gonna get that quicker anyway and it cheaper A lot cheaper about $33. You gotta keep your mouth closed and just tell her hurry up. I need to get that off. That was, I need, that was my first time ever rush to the hospital. When I got rushed it was a 20 minute ride And then when we got there It was just all for real.


It was just like you just gotta go through the motion of this shit like getting rushed to the hospital nigga all they talking they serious. You. Oh stir still. Oh my goodness. He losing too much blood. You trying to get up, they pushing you back down all shit. You like fuck nigga I me nigga. Then you get to the hospital, they dragged you to the emergency room. I'm talking about the other emergency room. Like right before we had surgery, like niggas done died in their room. You feel me? You Know you, you fucked up when you get to the hospital and they were like yeah take your clothes off. Yeah if you had to get naked you finna be In there. You gotta go in that. You gotta go in that little room like the room where you, hey man this the room where we put motherfuckers in when this shit's severe.


Like you ain't, you can't be out there with them. You gotta come in the back and go into that little big old square room. So if he my partner, we all in motherfuckers, they working on our ass like it. Five, six nurses on him, five, six nurses on me. They cutting the shirts hopeful for this shit. They get oh we need to patch this up and wrap this. I'm just sitting there, I'm just like first thing that come to my mind wo and everything. I tell the white nurse, I said hey take a picture of this shit. She said what? I said I ain't gonna be able to explain this shit to nobody. Like I'm looking at my hand open this shit open, this shit cut up. I'm like look, only thing I ain't take a picture of my back.


I don't even know how that shit looked but I felt it 'cause I ain't know I was stabbed back there 'cause I had my, the shirt was on the wound so when the shirt came off the wound, all the out went through my, through the wound. So I was like oh shit what that is back there? I said Hey look, hey back here she bitch. She was like, oh ooh that's ugly. We gotta patch this up now. So that was an inch away from my lung. Damn. You see what I'm saying? So when I asked the the nurse I was like hey take a picture of this shit. She was like I ain't, I don't, I'm not supposed to say this but that's kind of sexy that you want me to take pictures of your wound right now. You know what I'm saying? I'm just like nah I ain't gonna be able to explain this shit to nobody. So I was like take a picture of this shit. She took a picture of this in my head so when y'all see the pictures of my hand and shit, but it was a real moment, real life.


That shit was fucked up. I'm talking about it was so fucked up where I just had to, it was, it was never a, a moment where I'm in there like panicking on some shit. Like I was literally just sitting there taking it all in like damn bro this shit that how they doing it? I'm like bro this shit is what you look at on World Star my nigga. Yeah this adrenaline still pumping. It's too much. It's too much. Like you can't, I'm like you can't fake this. And then now once I realize what's going on in my head and I'm like oh shit my partner, he had to be rushed in the, in the helicopter. So now I'm like, I'm alive. I I'm already at the hospital. I'm just like where he at? What's going on with him?


I ain't gonna know until I talked to somebody over there or or tomorrow. So that's what's going on. Is he, is he alive because I just saw what happened to him on the scene. You feel me? So you know it just when you been through real life experiences like you know what come with that fake shit man. Like hey buddy, you done one before. You know what you going you, you either gonna put somebody through that or you going be like or you going to do that. Are you ready? Are you prepared? Are you gonna blame somebody? You going, you gonna man up, you gonna take it on the chin Finn turn, Finn turn up. But that was the same year I got famous and started doing the Vines. So I got stabbed earlier that year in July. I started doing the Vines in November.


So in some of them early from November to all the way like February and shit like that, I couldn't move my hand. You'll never see my earlier videos. You'll never see my left hand. You'll always see me posting and shit but you'll never see me move your hand And the bitch couldn't work. They couldn't move. Damn. You see what I'm saying? Like I couldn't even record with my left hand. Now I can record my left hand but my first year and a half I couldn't even call with my left hand I can only plug with my right hand so you'll never see my left hand. Damn. So you know when you I'm super grateful I know what come with this shit. I done had my experience, you feel me? Some niggas might got worse experience this nigga right now be like man I got shot nine times and cool buddy.


But we went through the same process. You know what that shit feel like. You feel what I'm saying? That shit don't mean nothing. Did you learn from it? You feel me? It's the same bed bro. It's the same morphine. It's the same machine that breathe for you. Breathe for me. You feel what I'm saying? What you learn from it boy all ain't not gonna be no fool. Hey man. A near death experience some change everything. It better it better if it don't it going to you gonna get your, you gonna get your lesson though. Yeah but I was going, I was gonna turn up though because I knew what came with that shit. I said damn I gotta be a little bit more savage.


I gotta be a little bit more aggressive. I can't let that shit happen no more. I said if I was just a tad bit aggressive because we was aggressive, just not aggressive enough. Shit y'all ain't bring no shit no Emini here. Yeah we we, we, we we was just tripping. We out there figured we about to have some fun and ain't work like you know what I'm saying? You think you about go out there what's up? Like oh what stop. That shit was like that shit changed. That shit changed like this. So all them had knives? Huh? All they had some knives. Damn that shit came around nowhere.


I ain't know I was getting stabbed up. I didn't even know I was stabbed up. I just knew I was losing blood And I was losing energy like you know how you like oh you know it was just like oh that's up. Like you feel me? Like I can't see for real because when he hit me in the head I got hit in the head with a pole. So after he bing, bing, bing, bing, bing. It wasn't like, like he was just on the top of my head like ah. It was like I was fighting and he was like ba b that motherfucker said when he hit me I heard it it motherfucker said but when they said all the, the blood hit me.


Now if you ever in a fight bro I done been in plenty of fight. I done had like my lip busted from the inside but like you don't know, you know what I'm saying? Like a nigga hit me and you know what I'm saying, I kinda like beat my lip like you don't know that like when you a nigga get punched you see the nose cup like blood come out here. No you like oh shit, he losing, you know what I'm saying? You see blood, you losing man when that blood touched my god damn no bro. I instantly got like, you know how you know it is like we into another level of the fight now it is like got me bleeding nigga. Oh now it's like it's, it is like redact let's go. We're like ah we here now. So it's like ah I was that nigga.


I'm like ah that fuck nigga got me bleeding got me fucked up nigga let do it nigga. Because now it is like we were fighting but now And I we ain't fighting no more nigga. It is like nigga let's rock. But when that shit a cut bro that shit was coming out so fast bro. I can't see the nigga so I'm spitting the blood out but I don't know it's my head. I thought that nigga split my, I thought you split all this shit because I don't know where the blood come from. So I'm like, I'm like ooh this nigga me, that what going on in my head I'm like got me fucked up bro.


He got my whole shit fucked up right now bro. I don know where the blood coming from. I can't see blood, this shit. I'm like bro I need help over here. Whatever going on, this shit going down over here for a nigga bro. So I'm like fuck right. So I'm just standing quiet. I don't even care about all this shit going on in my head. I'm like he got me down bad bro. I'm losing like strength. So now my head I'm like damn bro I'm really losing now. Like damn this bitch ain't going how I'm playing it. So what I'm trying to pick my pants up but I can't grab my pants.


I can only do like this but I don't even know I'm stabbed in this hand and in hand already. That's why I ain't got that upper motion. So I'm trying to grab my pants but I can't grab my pants so in my hand I'm like bro I'm losing. He got me bleeding and then the nigga slick got me paralyzed. I can't grab myself, I'm finna go, I don about y'all. I gotta figure this shit out for me now we came together for me in the business. I'm getting fucked up over here so I gotta go.


So I, I get up outta that. You pick the wrong nigga to fight. I gotta go, I'm running in the phone. Go over there. I was like alright. I was like that part go away from these people nigga. Yeah you picked the wrong nigga to fight man. All I hear is Damn little John look at your hand. I seen this one, I kind of got a, got a glimpse at this one and that shit was kind of open like hot. I was like oh shit what the fuck? What? Oh yeah okay, okay. They Was talking about this hands, they Like look John, look at your hands. I done kind of like got some of the blood outta my hand. Nah, look at this bit bro.


Emini here. When I look at that bit I immediately had to sit down. I was just like Oh shit. Dang. What the I don looked at? That ain't my hand. Somebody.


Oh man. Oh my god bro. This shit funny as some motherfucker. Oh shit. You seen the hold? Everything. Oh shit I don't even know where I'm at in the store. Oh my goodness nigga. Oh we still got the boo though Don. Oh we ain't got the boo. Damn what we doing Y'all boy nigga. This nigga said this ain't my hand. Hey show me somebody else. Hand Your hand I shit I'm gonna show you. I seen it. You seen fifth of them? Yeah.


You posted it a couple times. Usually when they around the time that it happened. Yeah Going need to see that shit Boy that shit was fucked up boy. Y'all Playing y lemme tell something. Who got stabbed with us Man we we loaded, we gotta jump right back into the story. Y'all got me fucked up Because we still won. Even though we locked that battle, we we won to walk. Am I good? Alright Click you gotta put the mic back on. I sw everything so lemme tell you now the story get deep. So when I hear folks say ha huh I go back outside 'cause I'm thinking they tripping 'cause of me.


I see my partner staggering. He like then you feel me, he hit the ground. So I'm like why no they ain't got damn so you know I'm turned I'm like what we doing? What we doing? He on the ground grasping for it bro. He like did that nigga Just say for like nine seconds and then he come back. But that was quiet. I ever seen Earth like ever seen, you know what I'm saying? Like everybody was just like tuned in and it was like everybody had to share that experience right there in that moment. You feel what I'm saying? And they was like damn my why my partner dying come back.


You see what I'm saying? We all get rushed to the hospital. Make a long story short, he ain't done come for like four days, four, five days. I see that nigga plugged up to so much shit bro. He plugged up to So you ever looked into somebody hospital room, you see them in the bed But it's so much shit that's in the room that's plugged up that's crossed all through that motherfucker. It's tubes and shit there, it's tubes and lines and shit. And it's just like bro I remember us going down here bro. Like I remember the moment of us going down there, you feel me?


Like all that playing through my head like okay he called me, we went down there. I'm just like bro look at the outcome bro. But we got the ass end of the stick. We don't even know if he gonna make it. You see what I'm saying? He just so having to, God saved his life, he get out to come, he gotta be in the hospital for 30 days, you know recuperating and shit. But we learned from that shit though. Like we learned just not to be playing and we weren't even playing in like we were dead serious. And we ain't even taking it like, like yeah we got stabbed nigga you know why we got stabbed because we was on y'all left. Yeah and we was on that and get with, we stick on that like it didn't do nothing.


It just, it made us more smarter to be like bro stop playing with people if you just not going to go on in, if you going to take it down or you, you coming out here to do this. You coming out here to do this. But you need to be ready to do something else after this too though because everybody ain't trying to do this. You see what I'm saying? Like yeah go on, get that out the way. But if you gonna get that out the way you need to go ahead and get this out the way into a magnitude though. They can't put you somewhere else. Boy I done been in this situation man listen bro. I said knew we was finna go whoop they ass. I knew it. I told my nephew, I said April fool I'm fixing be right there.


What's nigga as I called that nigga, I take that nigga I said, hey bro, I'm about to see you a picture. And they called me back. He said, God damn man, what the fuck happened to you man? I said bro, listen bro, straight bro just I gotta get surgery in the morning but don't tell nobody I get outta surgery. My whole family in my room. I'm like man your as can't hold no motherfucking water man. He talking about, man, they they yelled it out of me. I said you ain't even get beat outta they yelled it at you normally nigga getting beat outta him nigga they yelled it outta you. He was like, bro, you had me nervous bro. I had to tell somebody where the fuck you was at bro, you see your fucking hand bro.


I can't keep that shit to myself nigga. I was like, you right bro. You feel me? But look, we straighted though, but I promise you though bro, I was finna turn into a crazy like even turn up one savage. I was just like, Uhuh, we need do this. We steal your direction over here. Boom. Go crazy. That's why I was, I'm so, I'm super grateful that he gave me a a different route. So I'm I'm paranoid like 58%, 60% nigga just made up another Nah, for real because the both of these emotions, they gone nerve damage in both of these hands all the way down here. You know, that's it. But get with it. I got my hand, you feel me?


Like I can't do that. That's it. Damn it ain't going no more as as far as it go. That's it. Forget what we got this ball bucketing on on. I still punch your nigga. Fuck you talking about.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


It's the Nick's best of 2024 sale going on now@nicks.com. Don't miss incredible deals on life-changing leak-proof underwear, unbelievable everyday brass and more from the number one Leakproof brand in North America. Save big like 30% off bras, 40% off leak proof, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off. swim@nicks.com, that's k And I x.com. Millions of women have made the switch to N's revolutionary period underwear and there's never been a better time for you to try them. During the best of 2024 sale, save up to 40% on super comfy machine washable and stylish leakproof undies Plus shop other Yearend clearance deals like 30% off brass, 50% off tops and bottoms, 60% off swim and more stock up on your Nick's favorites or try something new during the k Nick's best of 2024 sale. But hurry, these deals are only good while supplies last. That's KI x.com. Hurry, the sale ends this Thursday and sizes will sell out. Go to nicks.com, that's KI x.com.


Thursday on a C get ready to move that bus. The beloved series Extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform the lives of deserving families whose stories will truly touch your heart. With the help of the design team, Arianne Beezer and Wendell Holland, they have just four days a race against time to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Get ready for those heartfelt moments filled with tears of joy. As Joanna and Clea dive deep into the emotional journeys of these families uncovering their struggles and beginning the healing process. It's not just about remodeling homes, it's about rebuilding hope one family at a time. So don't miss out on this incredible journey. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premier's Thursday at eight seven Central on a b, C and we'll be available to stream next day on Hulu. You won't wanna miss it.


Good people. What's up? It's Questo Questlove and Team SA Supreme And I have been working hard to bring you some incredible episodes of Questlove Supreme with guests you definitely don't want to miss. Now, one of the things I love about this Questlove Supreme Podcast is we got something for everybody. Every type of musical ever, we enjoy speaking to the people who are the face of some movements, some people you've seen on stage or TV or magazine covers. But we also love speaking to the folks who were making it happen behind the scenes and they paved the way for those that followed, you know, keytones to the culture. This season we've had some amazing one-on-one conversations like Mpe Hill, chatting up with Hitmaker, Sam Holland shook Steve, chatting with the legend Nick Lowe. And I've had pleasures of doing one-on-one conversations with Willow Sonata, Matre, Kathleen Hanna and the Rizza. These are conversations you won't hear anywhere else, so make sure you go back and you check those episodes out. All right, listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Alex Kitz. I'm the host of big technology podcast, a longtime reporter and an on-air contributor to CNBC. And if you're like me, you're trying to figure out how artificial intelligence is changing the business world and our lives. So each week on big technology I bring on key actors from companies building AI tech and outsiders trying to influence it, asking where this is all going. They come from places like Nvidia, Microsoft, Amazon, and plenty more. On Wednesdays, I feature interviews with top leaders like Airbnb, CEO, Brian Chesky. Well I'm in the details. Lemme Just say this. Yeah, I actually stay in the details of the Product and on Fridays analyst Ron John Roy And I recap the week's news looking at everything that's happened in The World of ai. That is an emoji red flag for me. I'm putting it up. Three emoji red flags. They told Me they're gonna fix Siri. I dreamed I dreamed. So if you want be smart with your wallet, your career choices in meetings with your colleagues and at dinner parties. Listen to big technology podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


But nah bro because the, when I got outta the hospital, I ain't gonna lie. Everybody had they little moments and shit because you like, damn what I'm saying shit is I saw a nigga with no hand coming out the grocery store with a lu and he had three bags of groceries on that motherfucker. I said how would, how do I look complaining just because I can't be the number one because this nigga got lub with three bags of groceries. I'm not finna complain gang. He probably wish he had fingers. He probably don't because he done knock the fuck at somebody with that nub before. That ain't nothing but Bone Gang. That's what I'm saying bro. You won't get that bone marrow. You got no head. You just got a wrist nigga get the talking crazy. You want to Cold out hell outta nigga Disconnect your shit with that With that wrist.


You better hit em right though. It ain't number wrist. Oh that's broke It. Rib bone, wrist bone, rib bone. They hit round name rib bone. Wrist is in the house. We is in the house. That nigga, that's stupid bro. Don't count bro. Bro. That's crazy bro. Know it. I ain't gonna say that. That's you stupid. You know he did it. He did it. He did it, He did it. He did it, did it. He Did it. He did it. That nigga did it. He did it before.


He stupid. Gotta be thankful bro. Stay prayed up bro. Take your experiences and your life experiences as lessons. My nigga don't look at 'em as like accolades my nigga because that ain't accolades nigga. The experiences and lessons learn from them now they are remembrance of the shit that you are capable of doing. They gonna define you. Especially if you ain't learn from it. If this define your, your, your, your aggressiveness and you like yeah, I'm, I'm but you, you lost. They got the upper hand so what that mean you lose again. I ain't trying to lose again.


Damn. That's why we going stay with it. Stay praised up. You dig? That's a hell of a story nigga. Okay boy. 2013 was a hell of a year. Okay. I get, I get stabbed and my daddy died on Christmas Eve. Damn Now I'm doing the, the comedy at that point too. So my daddy died. That was just like a test where we was gonna be like, is you gonna do it? Is you gonna use your dad as an excuse to jump right back into the street? I was so ready. I was like man I'm gonna keep doing this shit at this point. I ain't have nothing else to do. You see what I'm saying? So I was just like, all right, I I'm just keep doing this shit. I guess if I could easily use that an excuse and be like, oh sell go man.


Fuck is funny shit. I would've missed out on all this shit bro. Y would've missed out on all this shit. Y'all don't need no DC on fly as a comedian. I probably would've made it with rapping probably. Sure. But this shit came out and that shit moved the music out the way y'all hear the music y'all I can still do that but this shit happened so fast man. This is what I was supposed to be doing. God made me to do that. And when I did that, I'm just trying to be successful. Long as I was Unsuccessful. Unsuccessful. So I already did the math at 43. I beat my number.


I'm trying to, I'm 32. I got, I got, I got gold. I'm trying to hit 43 to be, I done did 22 years. Mm. 22 years of of, of beating the 21 years. That was just crazy. Well listen here Jim, I've been doing it for 19 years. It is going to happen. Yes sir. Because I remember the night I went to the communist thing and that was 19 years ago. My, my, my youngest son, he's 16 but I've been doing it 19 because we went down there, they was doing open mic.


So you embarking on your year But it wasn't no open mic. Oh hell yeah. I done did some of my shit with the comedy man. Right. So you embarking on your year? Oh yeah. Is it is I started doing comedy when I was 2202. 2 22 years old. Oh, so You don't passed? No. You almost There. I'm almost there. Almost. It Feel good though. But that's longevity though. It like 19 years of a different life. Yeah man, that's a whole month. Damn. Damn near 20 years. You see What I'm saying? And that's what I'm saying. I'm, I'm a, I glad, I'm glad that I got to do it. I'm glad I started doing comedy at 22. Right. Especially with like taking it serious at 22. Right. Because it set the foundation up and got all the bullshit out the way.


Right. Because I spent my whole twenties just focused on doing comedy. Right. And I ain't really, I ain't, you know, I ain't, I ain't do nothing crazy enough to fuck my life up. Right, Right, Right. But it was a hard, I like I literally had to do that shit all by myself though. Struggling figuring out shit. Just putting, putting plays together. Right. Because the first time I got on TV I quit a job. I was like nigga I can't be on TV and at work at the same time. Right. If I'm good enough to be on tv, I could just be on fucking tv. Right. And that'll be my job. Right. But then it's just like ain't work like that. It ain't work like that. Now you gotta really try to get up every day, make some calls, find a show somewhere.


Right. Even if it ain't today just to fill in the holes. Right, Right, right. Man. Right. I done did so much while I done had shows where we drove from Atlanta to Michigan and back But In A car I gotta go get the money man In a car. I gotta go get it Nigga in a car. I know nigga. 10 hours bud. A nigga do anything for some money bud. Not anything but if it is, if it makes sense in a car, shit I'm talking about where we gone. That's how we gotta get to nigga You gotta ride with a nigga, nigga this. Right. You ain't even know that shit going to make it 10 hours. What if you don't like the music? They like It is a lot of boys.


What if, What if they don't have to pee when you have To pee? Right. Do you realize probable Nigga you don't wanna get out and get the we gotta order. I'm not your child. Right. I'm not finna Put my order on your order. Hey you, you Can we get a separate bag? Can we Hey tell them two order. You hate the order because you don't wanna seem like you doing more. Hey bro, when you gonna stop again? You ain't hungry Rich. Who the fuck told you to bring your girlfriend And she ugly? She Ugly And I smell it from the backseat. She ugly. Why do I smell your breath from the back seat? I hate this.


Your car stink and We gotta ride back. Gonna take my clothes smell like your car. This check engine like oh this nigga finna ask me for some money And you do this all the time. He tried to take my whole check. Come on bro. That what I'm saying bro. I respect the game because I did had to go out there for like a year and a half and work on this shit bro. But I also had nigga like y'all that fuck with me 'cause I ain't step on nobody toes like y'all didn't trip. Y'all ain't kept y'all was just like I don't give a fuck. And plus I had value so it was like all right if he gonna work on the craft, don't hate on me. Young nigga said let him do his thing.


Amen. Just let Him do a thing. Well you know line night that you done did it. You know how fucking hard that shit is. Be super Hard because it's a lot of shit that it don't matter who you around. Some shit you can't be told. You just have to do it. You gotta work on it. It don't matter. Even if you say before you go viral you get the buzz Right Bro, you ain't funny For real. I'm telling you. You not. That's The thing. Like you not, you ain't did nothing. This is different nigga you it different. It is different. It is different from doing club shows.


Right. Theater, comedy club. Theater arena. Arena. But it's like a lot of motherfuckers can rock a club. They can rock a arena. But what your arena set look like. Can you do it at the same level You now you gotta rock these motherfucking 10,000 people like you've been rocking 300 talk Your talk. Do you even have the timing for that? Like You even know how to utilize the stage. Yeah. What your show look like. Right. What your show what What is what you look like. You gotta do something funny but he ain't gave him no show. You thought that you just being a great writer and you gonna come out. But that ain't enough when it comes to You gotta be a performer.


A Performer performance grasping the people now your shit work. You gotta find out where it works here, How can you connect with all these people in this amount of time. Right. Because you ain't even, you ain't like just 10 minutes. Right. That's a long ass time. When you got long Ass Time. 10,000 people looking at Your as I'm talking about and they like and the great part about you see majority of the people not laughing first. The people that laughing but you hear everybody laughing. You like but damn what? Why that nigga ain't for Let that first joke not work, that first one don't work. It's over with. Hey bro nigga don't understand how how powerful the intro is.


The intro is what sends you off to even get to where the fuck you need to go. You don't wanna fight in the middle. Your intro gotta be so banging that bitch you go on autopilot. That's why it's like it like, like flying the airplane. Right. The takeoff is probably the most nerve record to the pilot. When he finally sets up he hits some buttons where the airplane drives himself. But that's what comedians do. Bitch you don't know if it's turbulence get in the way you need to go. You need to take off and make this shit as smooth as possible. So, but you gotta make sure you ready for some turbulence. You gotta make sure you ready for the turbulence.


Nah because the wind go blow. You gotta grab that motherfucker that y'all bitch the fuck up. This my y'all all that loud talking shit y'all gotta play. Hell nah. You get that shit in order but get that shit in order. But that shit fun though. It's fun 'cause as a performer you damn near you getting the last I you like oh y'all like this when you like this then you going oh you going like this then because now I'm opening up like you know as a comedian bro. When we get into that bag, like when we get into a certain bag it's a feeling that we all trying to reach every show like we done perfect the act where we know that as a professional we know we gonna do good.


But then it's some nights where it's like yeah we was in the room. Like we chase that every time we go on stage we chase that, that that feeling. You feel me? I might have done a great show but we know there's something that we really didn't get a chance to tap into when we left the stage. It was like why you like that shit? I'm like, but I ain't even get a chance to put the whoop out the bam on that bitch. For real, for real. Right. You feel me? I just perfected it enough where I know you gonna like it but bitch I ain't even enough time to put the, put the little wham that I've been working on 'cause I'm trying to see how y'all ooh ain't even do my move. I ain't even do my move.


I'm coming out like let left a wiggle on that bitch. Wait, wait until the bar I got something for. But that shit did be the love of the game. I love that shit because like even right now, like when me writing a new set, like I gotta go on stage and do a whole new hour from the top to the bottom. So I'm back in that bag where I'm like damn this shit feel like 2014 again. You feel me? But it fun figure out what work. You feel what I'm saying? Because I ain't been in this bag in so long. I been doing it here now, but it like I ain't get a chance to go to the workout room for so long because you know that's where you really get your bread. The butter, you get your bread and the butter for the workout. Man, I I know that's why I used to host so many.


Miss your room man. I used to love coming to cats. You gonna come to cats? You gonna find a joke tonight. Like it was, it was specific. Like I got one tonight. I I, yes I've been working on it. I've been trying to figure that shit out And I got it. You can work on it. They cat there. You gonna put you up before all them niggas you wanna go up? Hell yeah, hell these niggas out here. Well fuck nigga I right now They not, they weren't serious. You could tell because they still there. Right. I was coming up lie man I'm trying to, I see him on tape man. I got my little pot of hell man. You better go But anybody who ever did comedy and tell you it is like it is a, it is a, it is another tear of comedians who just do this shit just 'cause it's fun.


Right. They gonna wake up and go to work tomorrow and then hit the same spot tomorrow night. Right. They got a spot to do every night. They Do it as a hobby. It's a hobby. You do it as a Profession. They like the free drinks in the wings man. They like, they like what Kobe with Just to be able to talk shit. They like the access. Like look comedian, they like fun. They like their little Lifestyle. Get the little lifestyle little. I'm like man that shit ain't talking about nothing. But they good. They like that part. They got good jobs and they, they do real shit and they just go be comedian. But them the type of, that's how you have a network as a comedian bro. Right. Because you'll have one partner who this nigga be the manager at the motherfucking rental car place. Man I can get you my family discount. Be up there to tell the jokes. They Don't even do it man. Then you meet another motherfucker who worked for the airline night.


You got a buddy pass even being them another motherfucker who can plug you into the, the corporate side of they job and now they got you performing at the Christmas party for seven 50. Right quick. Like the network is where the money at. The crazy part about it, we blessed them to have this as a, as a, as a actual occupation. I did show don't to have jobs. Why they Didn't come at a nigga house party bro. On the steps, on the motherfucking steps bro. He, it was his birthday party at his house. Somebody wanted me to do a wait. Hell nah. I went, they did. My partner was telling me about this one spot in Detroit where this nigga used to throw a comedy show in his basement and he would pay comedians to come and perform in the basement.


It was A OG in Detroit bro. Long time ago. Early like 2015. Man. That nigga paid me to be his friend. You was telling me about that. That nigga just paid you to come up there and and kick it with him Bro. He paid me to come up there and kick it with him bro. He was an old school player, slick back black trench coach and it was like 30 niggas over 50 that look like man, they with them all them niggas with, Hey let I introduce to my friend like this the young one man. He, he the next up and coming. I'm like I just had to. I'm like where the fuck am I I gonna rooftop of a lounge bro with 50 old niggas trench coat in Detroit.


I can't make this up. All them niggas old. This fucker 50 plus. And I think That's why all the comedians love that movie. Janky Promoters because we done all dealt with a whole bunch of janky ass promoters. Like you do a show for a dope boy that nigga pay you soon as you get there buy you a whole bunch of shit. And we going to the mall man, get whatever you want show still going on nigga. Man That ain't, that ain't how going on Petty Bro. There be some good ones out there and some bad Ones. It definitely do because my shit keep driving because y'all ain't get the adhesive stick bro. Y'all gotta get the adhesive stick Bro. That shit ain't stick. Nah Bro. This shit Ain't, Hey what time is it? We been out here talking Shit.


Yeah, I gotta go check my tears in school bro. Two o'clock in the motherfucker, Two o'clock in the mountain. Make sure you download the app. We dig Channel 85. If you watching this on the app right now, talk some shit in the comments sections. Click like share and subscribe Please. Everybody say that shit now. Click like, like share and subscribe. We got a lot of things coming up for 2025 for the 85 South Show facts. You gonna drop a album this year? What going next year? Yeah, you know I'm, I'm finna, I'm finna sneak p and do some shit on they ass. I got something for 'em. I'm finna do a lot of shit. Yeah that shit with the money going crazy right now. Yeah that shit with the money going crazy man. You know there more music on the way. Y'all like, I really like to perform.


It's not like I really love this shit. So y'all about to see me unleash a bag of just performance and just entertaining y'all bro. We all d nigga Entertainment so we gotta take advantage of this shit. So I'm going entertain y'all whether you like it or not. Yeah, don't give a fuck. I got some shit coming up too. I'm working on something big right now. Come on Man. Can't Wait. I, I'm, I'm one step closer. One more step. Just one more step. Come on One step closer to where I was you and where I need to be. You gonna do it? Yeah. So One thing about on 85 side but we do it. What Fuck you talking about? The crazy part that they could just go on ahead and you know what I'm saying? Right. We walk down but they want to do the do and po show.


You know They, you know they, you know they wanna do the hops Scott shit. You get what I'm saying? They like, bro, if you fuck with me J you know what I'm saying? Come on Man. Play Opportunity bro. You still gotta make sure you go through the process so you, when you do get the shit they can say that you Went through the process And you deserve it. I know the process But what it, because it's gone. The story not as good if they be like, we picked him. Right. We gave you that. But you, we knew you be perfect. Right. Work for it. Something I did made you consider this in. Right. Come on with the bullshit. So you don't believe I can do it Again. I can do it again. You Know I can 'cause that's what made, what made you wanna fuck with me off the real. Come on now stop acting like you been wanting work with me.


You got me your face. Come on man. Come, Come. Once I get off your computer, I'm gone. What You trying to see how good I remember words? Come on man. That's all I be trying to say man. I'm a wordsmith. I'm a wordsmith. Come on, we'll be done. Throw something out. I can get something around with it right now. Come on man. Throw, throw that word out right now. But you bull tight. You see what I'm saying? What I'm trying to get him to understand. You see what I'm saying? I need that. Don't, don't act like I, I need to prove to you that I can be me. 'cause being me is what made you select me in the first place. What you think I'm gonna show up and not be me?


What you worried about? My memory Prove be Me. I gotta prove to you that I'm about to be me. I Gotta show you on me when you on scene you saw Me and said you be perfect for this. Right? And then you wanna see me be me again. Right? Oh, you want to see me be Me. Let, lemme me see you be you doing some other shit. Well you ain't believe I can do it in the ver So you wanna see me do the shit that you came up with? Come on. But do it as me. I'm already me. I can do the shit you want me to do already. You Should have just told me to do it as me and then I wouldn't have to act like it Wasn't me. That's all I'm saying. But If I would've did it as me, you would've told me to act like it was somebody else. And you ain't say that. You said, but then When I act like it was somebody else you said be you See what I'm saying?


But what if you need Me? Just say that. That's all I'm trying to tell you. Stupid ass nigga. That's crazy. But see that's the game. That is the Game. But now we in a game where we in a space where all we gotta do is just be us. But I'm gonna do it so good. The people who watching it ain't even going see it as me. Right. It just gonna be us that know it's me. Nah. So that's all I'm trying to tell you. 'cause it was the plate that be us in the first place. But see, they don't want to hire you. Right? But they want you to be yourself. Facts. They didn't want you, they want you to be yourself, had you with you trying to be what they wanted you to be.


Right. You See what I'm saying? But really it is be me. Right? But not you. Right? You get what I'm Saying? You see what I'm saying? You can't be you, but I want you to be be like us, but be like you. But be Yourself, but be yourself while you try. But don't be you. Don't be you. Be yourself. Be Yourself like us, as you, as you, as you. Don't be me. No. Like Me. I want you to be like me As you. Right? But as yourself. As yourself. Do it as yourself. Do do it. Do it. But don't be you Put your own twist on it. On you, on You. But not you, but not like that. We hiring yourself. Don't be hiring you. Yeah. Right. It sound crazy but it make the most sense man. Come on gang.


That's the type of mind game to be playing With us. And I get what you gotta tell me. I'll be me trying to be you, but I'm not going to be me. The the me that you don't want. I'm gonna be myself. Be yourself and don't be like me but be you but not you. 'cause we need, we need you to be you for us. Right. As yourself. Because I, that's what I came, that's what I came to do. It only makes sense. That's all I'm saying. We got a lot of shit to figure out though man. But we gonna figure it out. Figure, make sure you hit the website Because we got, we got 'em $50.


We letting them go for It. We let them go for the 50 $50. That's $25 per sleeve. $50. You probably buy it for one 50 but can And the hoodie part is where you, the rest come and then we had to get a box. You can't Wait. You gotta lose weight but spend your $50. Don't talk about the big people. I think I Ain't talking about 'em because they, I just don't want be disappointed here. I think you go up to a four x. Oh well you can fit. Hell spend your $50, spend your $50. But if you need bigger than a four x, just send us your ass hoodie and we'll put a low low on it for Because you know why Nah, they already got this Because this shit do fit tight gang.


I ain't saying that it won't fit. I'm just saying I don't wanna be disappointed. Go up sa, If you hit a four x, You need a five, you Need a five and we Probably need a six. So it really go if you three x we got you Three X and up. But If you three x, if you don't wear tight clothes, But this is a nigga out there who like no, I'm a true four x. The guy ain't. Do you buy the buy the buy jab. Buy jab, buy and jab. Buy fit it off. And I'm gonna make sure that we got some four X's. 'cause a lot of big dudes be like man that shit need to be a four x. That's a big bag. That's a big As I remember I went to the store, I said you got some four S's. They were like, no we don't me fours, We gonna have to go to that.


That shit on Peachtree Industrial. Well If you look in the big tall session when you be in the mall, don't nobody be over there. No way Be a bunch of big ass. It be A bunch of big ass clothes. Like The funniest shit is look at at the big and tall section is the jeans. Right. You Like damn because this's some motherfuckers who ain't tall but they big, they gotta wear these shoes. It'd be a regular size. They got my upper upper body part, but they gotta Motherfucker wear. Look at hips A 46, but the length be a 28. A short ass leg on a wide ass body. God damn Nigga you wearing them.


46, 28, 46, 28. Nigga, your shit look like a billboard. That's funny. This nigga dumb bro. Nigga. Where I fought a 6 28 bro, I gotta take my kid to school bro. Hey man, you know what that means? It's 85 South Show this podcast for niggas who gotta take their kids school. We've been doing this shit for y'all niggas, bro. Y'all don't understand how code. Where's the heater? Right here. We been in the trap. We working on some shit though. 85 South Show we out these Thursday on a, B, C.


Get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series, extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover Mavens, Joanna Teplan and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes and rebuild not just houses but lives. Extreme Makeover Home Edition premiers Thursday at eight seven Central on a, b, C and will be available to stream next day on Hulu.


People, my people. What's up? This is Questlove man. I cannot believe we're already wrapping up another season of Questlove Supreme Man. We've got some amazing guests lined up to close out the season. But you know, I don't want any of you guys to miss all the incredible conversations we've had so far. Emini here. We talked to Amarie, Johnny, Mar Eve, Jonathan, Billy Porter, and so many more. Look, if you haven't heard these episodes yet, hey, now's your chance. You gotta check them out. Listen to Questlove Supreme on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


I'm Rufuss Griscom, host of the Next Big Idea. The future is coming faster than you think. AI is reshaping society. Scientists are cracking the code of longevity and new tools are helping us live better and work smarter. Each week I sit down with big thinkers like Bill Gates and Malcolm Gladwell to separate hype from Hope. Listen to the next big idea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Had enough of this country ever dreamt about starting your own, I planted the flag. This is mine. I own This. It's surprisingly easy. Here Are 55 gallons of water, 500 pounds of concrete, Or maybe not. No country Willingly gives up their territory. Oh my God. What Is that? Bulls listen to. Escape from Zack Stan, help. That's escape from ZAQ. Stan binge the whole season on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Dr. Laurie Santos. I'm a psychology professor at Yale And I started to notice that a lot of my students weren't all that happy. So I created a new class. Welcome everybody to Psychology and the Good Life. It became the biggest class in the history of you. I'm a little bit surprised to see as many of you are here as are here, but that's great. But it's not just my students who need to understand the science of wellbeing and that's why we launched the Happiness Lab so you can learn about it too. Are you ready to feel happier? Head to the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you like to listen. Brought to you by the 2024 Subaru Share the Love event now through January 2nd.