(0s):
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company,

(22s):
The big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off, including can't miss deals on urban decay palettes and the fabulous shock dryer. And Styler, my skin is so important to me. So, You know, I got the first aid, beauty Ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all. New deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta Beauty store today. Get all the best gifts, all at Ulta Beauty.

(53s):
What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with 18 t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, mini time at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Syrian device language. That to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year at zero offer. May not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply the ATT dotcom slash iPhone for detail.

(1m 28s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause If you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.

(1m 59s):
So you're Her, right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my baby. Going to the living, Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I've been trained for this gold medal, I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been working My whole life for This. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day,

(2m 31s):
We good? How y'all feeling? Yeah, we good. I've been trying to get this man, we trying to get this man down here for a minute, man. Yeah, I told Nicole, I said, man, you gotta get me the Russell man. Hilarious. I love it. This this man is changing the game up. You know? You know what I like about you man? Is you remind me a lot of my homeboy galas start the show. I'm starting. That's we doing Just You ain't said though. Gangster Chronicle. We are gonna do that. Hold on, we gonna do that? We gonna do that in a minute? Yeah, but you getting important shit that we can interview. Lemme run the format. I got it. We go do that. I'm doing something. Oh, it must be new then. We've Been doing it for the past few weeks. You just ain't noticed it. I thought we Oh, this is new format. Oh, so you done changed it up on me And I About little bit. Just a little bit. Okay.

(3m 11s):
But we've been doing it though. You just ain't noticed it. Yeah, I ain't noticed We having homeboys and home girls. Evidently ain't don't got no clue on what's going on. But I will tell you what's popping. We got the homie La Russell up here this week dropping an independent game for y'all. It's the gangster crime. Gangster Chronic goals. This is not your average show. You're now tuned into the real MCA big stars from the streets. Welcome to the Gangsta Chronicles podcast, the production of iHeartRadio and Black Effect Podcast Network. Make sure you download the iHeart app and subscribe to the Gangsta Chronicles for my Apple users.

(3m 53s):
Hit the purple mic on your front screen. Subscribe to The Gangster Chronicles. Leave a five star rating and comment You mommy of the homie glasses man. Because you got like a, a weird train of thought. It ain't weird, but it's refreshing. Mm. Like what you doing the shows in your backyard and stuff? Yeah. I'm gonna tell you, some glasses told me he wanted to do that in 2007. I said, man, you on your mind man. He said, man, the whole fu is doing your own. What they call them your own, like what? Like in Vegas, what is it that they do? Residency. Residency? Yeah. He said the whole future doing your residencies. Wow. Doing your own residencies and stuff. What you're doing is incredible man. I I fuck with it. Wow. Shout out glasses, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And and this is The Gangster Chronicles podcast.

(4m 34s):
My boy a just, Oh, you see how he brought him In? Just fucked up my thing Right now. Yeah. IIII I'm new to the format, You know what I'm saying? So I don I'm, I'm lost, You Know, and I'm in here what, You know, he don't like when I call him a legend and shit, I'm here with the legendary. I ain't no legend. I'm just a nigga on the microphone talking about neighborhood shit. That's it. Niggas be wanting that legend shit. I lead that to y'all. You ain't give a jail man. They can't get the g even I I Is it in the new format? Yeah, It's new format. Yeah, it's Format. Okay. Yeah, it is all good. It is. This is even this workout even better tonight. You Heard This workout even better. Yeah. So everybody seemed to have this idea, man this shit just come, just happened overnight.

(5m 17s):
Like you just automatically just came and you was on. How long you been running the race man? A long time. I start dropping my first material in like late middle school, early high school and then took like a break to just make music. I wasn't releasing No music for How old are you? Let's, let's 30. Okay. Let's get the people on that. Yep, yep. You know, people here, You know, we got a lot of dudes right now. A lot of artists got a lot of youngsters, a lot of kids. So, You know, we like to give 'em the basis of, of what that timeframe and age of Man, You know what's crazy? I never thought it would take me till 30 to make it, You know, when you coming up you always think, 'cause you see like younger people on, I thought I was gonna be on coming outta high school, You know, like my first projects.

(6m 5s):
So to like get to this point And I just turned 30 is just like a crazy realization. And it made me think of like nipping some of the people. You know, it's like, it's like the league to me. Like If you see somebody coming to the league at 28, You know, they either highly seasoned or they journey was just different for them to get there. You feel me? And like hip hop has been, I mean rap has been like a young man's game, but it's like I'm 30 and I'm just now getting to the point where it's like, oh I'm successful and thriving in here. Yeah. Well it's different now. Man. You gotta remember hip hop is 50 years old. It is not like it was like as me and him from the same era. Right.

(6m 45s):
It's not like it was when we came in 'cause it was so new. It was definitely a young man's game. If you was over 26, 27, you wasn't gonna get No because everybody was looking for a deal back then. Right. You was 27, you was too old at that time. Now You know, hip hop is 50 years old and you have cats like yourself man, who thriving now at 30. You got some cats who thriving at 40, 45, 50. I think it's dope man. I don't think it's no age limit on hip hop. I think as long as you tight, You know, now If you garbage, You know, you probably go sit down somewhere. You know what's crazy though? It is still, that age still exists within the league of it. You know, like that's the, the beautiful thing is you could be Indian and make it because like, in terms of the system and I'm trying to sign no 3-year-old, 30 5-year-old, you feel me?

(7m 31s):
Like the, the longevity of the product doesn't look the same to them. You feel me? So yeah. Being that we could do it independently, it opens the door to that. But it's still tough. Even If you 35, 36 in this game. Yeah. You, but You know what though, I agree with you, but I think it's for different reasons. I just think they can't pull a, they can't pull a wool over this man's eyes because he been there and seen it before. They can't pull a wool over Richie Richie's eyes. Yeah. 'cause they don't already live through all that right now. So they just like, he just ain't going to take anything that you just put in front of his face and sign it. Mm. Because they kind like, like really man, You know, it was the fuck 'em over days back then. Right. Still, You know, you was going, You know, give up the publishing, you was going to have a whole bunch of shit.

(8m 13s):
'cause they come at cats when they 17 and 18. Yeah. And they just happy to get a record deal. A lot of us was from in the streets. We didn't have influences to follow behind, You know? Mm. Lot of youth, lot of artists behind us. You know, you have a little, you have a little model to fi to follow, You know, whether you can follow somebody's career to see if they got fucked or they made any money or got the right promotion or whatever. We didn't have shit to follow. Mm. A lot of us came from the streets.

(8m 53s):
We wasn't knowledgeable about independency and contracts and publishing and all of that. I was in the neighborhood selling crack. You get me, my influences was, was big time niggas from our neighborhoods or who you heard about in the streets who was selling the most dope. Those were our influences. I didn't have a Tupac, I didn't have a motherfucking Jay-Z or MC eight or Ice Cube or Snoop Dogg. I didn't have that role model. So who Who, what was your introduction to rap that made you decide, oh I could do that.

(9m 34s):
Who was that Person? My introduction to rap was tidy t when Ty t was making TDK tapes talking about the CLX come out at night and, and they were rapping off of old Houdini beats and, and Big Mouth and shit like that. And he, he was rapping about the battle ram, which shit was, was going on in the neighborhood. We saw the Battle ram came through every day with Darryl Gates and Mayor Tom Bradley and the raids and all of that. So that's what niggas made songs about. So that's what got us influenced to making records. And as far as being artists and shit that came from, You know, of course You know we was influenced, You know, I listened to run DMCI listened to Treacherous three, cool Mo d Sparky, d Roxanne, Shante, UTFO.

(10m 23s):
That was a lot of our influences as far as music is concerned. Grandma Flash The Furious Five, You know, shit like that. But as far as over here, we was all gang banging. We was all trying to make our point. Our our, our foundation was colors. It wasn't musical shit. And so with dudes like Tidy T and Mixed Master Spade and Zy came along. They basically just was, was giving us the blueprint of what was going on in the neighborhoods. Which was niggas was serving, niggas was getting shot at Jacked. You know, so that's where a lot of our influences came from. Thus you have this west coast, You know, foundation of music, You know, that was bred here first.

(11m 8s):
You know, even though we had the young MCs and shit like that Tone Loc and You know we had the Humpty dance and shit like that. A lot of our shit was influenced by movies, like colors. That shit was really going on in in neighborhoods as far as I'm concerned. Me as a young 14-year-old who was interested in music, You know, because I'm hearing, You know, I'm taking them summer vacations down to Mississippi and places like that to where my cousins is introducing me to run DMC and shit like that. And I'm like what the fuck is that? Like niggas over here was rapping about the battle ram kicking in your front door.

(11m 48s):
Right. You know, they wasn't rapping about just Adidas sucker MCs and Adidas and shit like that. So thus you had to change. But yeah and we didn't have, no, we didn't like my son right now his, he got all kind of influences. Right. If he decided he wanted to go do music shit, I, I nigga I got Kenricks bunch of blueprints, I got Drake, I got J Cole, I got my dad, I got, You know these, You know Eric Bs and Scarfaces, he has a foundation as far as we was concerned. We had shit nigga, nigga I had a crack sack and a 38 strap and it was get out on the corner and make some money and within that we listening to the boom box like yeah you hear these niggas spit.

(12m 32s):
That's how our influences came. Mm. It kinda makes sense though that your career, because the Bay has always been known for being the independent cats. Yeah. You like took the independent game and put it on steroids. You said I'm gonna take what short and 40 and them did. But I'm just going take it to a whole nother level. Right. And how did you come up with that business model? I think it's dope. I think it's incredible. What made you come up with that business model? Man doing business A bunch of ways that either worked or didn't work. I really got a lot of on the job training. Like I didn't, I didn't have, I didn't have a mentor or anyone who showed me how to do what I do. 'cause it didn't, it didn't really exist in its format. Like You know, we seen 40 and short do it out the trunk but nobody like modernized out the trunk yet.

(13m 17s):
That's what I'm saying. Where I'm from you You modernized it. So it was really just doing what works. I just took what we was already doing at the crib and made it like global. You know, my pops hustle his whole life And I be with him and it's like, oh you ain't got 20 Gimme 10 here. Oh you ain't got 15, gimme 10 here. That's what we do with ticketing with Mer in there. It is that same exchange. We just brought it to a space where everybody can, can do it. But that's how it's been the whole time. You feel me? I just put business around what we was already doing. Yeah. 'cause I was on your site, right. And I saw this, If you wanna buy a ticket, it's like I want two three, I want, I want to take my girl and her sister.

(13m 57s):
Right. I could say okay I'm gonna pay 175 bucks, I'm pay 200 bucks. But they got the right to say no that ain't gonna work. Now do you have to come back to fans sometimes to say look man, no we ain't messing with that. Yeah and they understand it because I do a range, You know, I let people witness and experience something this great for a dollar sometimes and they get in that show and it change their life because there's no other show they can go to and see a La Russell and a Richie Rich $4. So those signs why I don't accept a dollar because I know I'm worth far more. It's never a knock. People understand it. It's like I can, I can treat people when I decide to, but I can also take care of myself and all that I built because I deserve that as well.

(14m 39s):
And that's why we created offer base just so everybody has accessibility, but we also have the option to decide whether we want to be accessible that day or not. Mm. That's The street we, we cut it, we, we sort of took that motto back in the days, nigga shit, three for 20, I mean shit. Right. I mean that's what it is. A nigga gonna come you serving dub sacks nigga. It is, it's three or 60 but fuck it, I'm gonna give you three for 50 my nigga. Fuck it. I'm, I'm gonna work a deal with you today. 'cause You know what, yeah today I got, I got three for 50. You get me now you might come by here tomorrow or something. The homie going to have three for. That's, that's what it's going to be. But I guess You know, you want the, it depends on the relationship you want with the consumer who buying the product.

(15m 22s):
You feel me? And that always cultivated your base because when people know I, I ain't got it this time but I can still go to him 'cause he rock with me. They gonna go always rock with you. And then when they up they gonna be like, Hey I'm coming to you. You feel me? Exactly. That's, that's the Relationship you build with me. Nigga might not have no money and shit but if I know he done been around here a couple of times. He good today. I sir, I done sold him a few times. What you, what you got today man, I got 20 today. But I'm trying to still get that, that that that three, You know some I'm gonna work with you. Go ahead and take that three nigga, gimme that 20 and when you come back the next time, just remember who hooked you up. Bingo, Huling hu He gonna keep coming to me. He don't want no other product. He damn.

(16m 3s):
We Just put that on the internet and built infrastructure around it to make it palatable. That's it. It's that same play. Yeah. I really fucked with your story though man. And I see why people are inspired by you. I remember hearing about you talking about when you first decided to leave your job. Yeah. And I thought about even with me man, because dreams don't have no age limit on 'em. You know what I'm saying? I think your dreams just change as you get older. They kind of Mm. You know, just change a little bit. Right. I remember I was fortunate enough to be one of the early people in podcast and I'm like, mm, I'm pretty sure they gonna look at me one day like the a forefather, I ain't gonna say I'm the forefather of it, but I started hella early.

(16m 44s):
It, it started early right. And I remember not knowing where this stuff was gonna go, I went from seeing it to just be something that was fun to where you actually started having people. People started hitting us up like, hey man, we fucking with what y'all doing. Right. And I remember not knowing what to actually ask for because it was so new. You feel what I'm saying? Like when Charlamagne hit me, he was like, well what y'all want? And I was like, well damn, let me get back at you dog. Yeah. That's a scary place to be sometimes when you the first one doing something, you don't know what it's worth because you don't know what it's worth until it's what it's worth. You feel what I'm saying? It's a and that's, it is a scary and a beautiful place to be because you're in a position to determine what it's worth to you.

(17m 29s):
And that's our whole model. What's it worth to you? It may not be worth that to me, but what's it worth to you? And when you set that determination, like I got a rule now, like You know, I started off my first show, I got paid a hundred dollars, You know, and we, as you grow and scale, you start to develop rules for yourself and you determine a worth that's not really a worth. But You know what you're not willing to be valued at. You know, like now I don't go across the country to the East coast unless I'm making a certain amount of money 'cause it's like I could stay home and just do this, this, this, you feel me? So you, you start to develop this evaluation of yourself based off your time and what you built.

(18m 11s):
And it's a beautiful spot to be in because nobody, no number is real. Like know anybody who like, man it is worth 50,000 how you can never, You know, no number is real. It's all, all of it is imaginative for. So we could really decide what we worth at any moment and start charging that right there in end. Yeah, that, that's crazy man. I know. How has it been? As far as I know them labels been getting at you? Yeah, we, we don't really, I don't really deal with labels much anymore. But during that early viral phase it was like, but we were more open then and kind of like, You know, open to the wine. It was such a new process. So it was just like, man, let's see what they want to do. You know, you gotta kind of see through the smoke now I really only have to deal with labels at my leisure.

(18m 55s):
Yeah. And it's kind of, they disrespectful sometimes man. Like what they talking about sometimes like, You know, they try to hit you with sometimes they real disrespectful. It's because they don't have the same level of ta of attachment that we have. It's just product for them. You know, it's like if he's selling crack, he not connected to the crack, You know, he not like I can't give you this rock, You know? Exactly. But we are connected to the art we like, I can't give you the, you feel me, but for them it's just products. So it's like they don't see it the same way we see it. So when they send them offers they really saying, Hey, I want 10 of them songs for this amount. But when we receive it we like no this is my intellectual property and how I'm gonna get paid for the rest of my life.

(19m 37s):
And I made this, You know, we see something completely different than they see, You know what I, I figured out man 'cause I was a writer, right? And I remember when I was putting out music, I went to a convention called Mid in France and Con France and it kind of changed my life. I had a friend owned the distributor down there at Mark Gordon. They owned ground level distribution. So I kind of learned about the distribution game from the back end, right. And then I had a record store. So I did everything in reverse. So when I put out my first record, I had already had a record store already. I was already dealing with distributors. I knew, I knew it was seven or $8 a record wholesale, right? But then I went out to meet 'em And I met all these different distributors from around The World.

(20m 18s):
So I was selling records to them like a thousand, 2000 pieces at $14 a piece. Because what I told them was, well I don't want the American dollar, I want what it's worth so I want you to pay me a pounds. Like, so I had a distribution system set up and that's how I bought my first house. And then I started distributing stuff for the dog Pound. That's how I met Big A and all of them, I was distributing a lot of stuff for them. But I kind of figured that out back then. And I said, why would somebody ever want a record deal? 'cause I remember when glasses, I started helping them out when they first start coming at him. And I was like, bro, this don't make no sense. You can just put this shit out yourself you hired and just get it like this. It just didn't make no sense to me. When you get that realization, it's a powerful thing because then You know, can't nobody just tell you what you worth because they been getting over on people for years.

(21m 5s):
Man, I'm so glad now that, and it seem like the youngest now man like you, even the NBA young boy Kat man, they like, I'm just gonna do my own shit. And You know what's crazy, it really be because like initially for me it wasn't even about the business. And I'm sure the same for young boy, we just don't like the restrictions. Like I just, I hate being, I gotta be able to drop like, like all the first, our very first label convo was hit Cole like very early on and we start talking about a project And I'm like, I'm finna drop it on this day. And Jaha was like, but that's off cycle and we need this much time to go to this and this much.

(21m 46s):
And I was already like, You know that don't work beyond the business just creatively. It just felt like, You know, I'm coming, I'm at the crib in Vallejo. It, it ain't no reason I shouldn't be able to drop a song and got away. I didn't understand none of that then. So beyond the business, it just didn't make sense creatively. You had to just sit back and wait. Like I'll let him tell you about his experience man, what his first deal like. And when you hear about some of the stuff that these deals and they sold a lot of records, man, like, You know what y'all sell. That first album made like half a million, Probably Half a million. And You know, that led them kind of getting going. But then he learned stuff later on And I let him, You know, kind of go into that man.

(22m 27s):
But it was real manie back then man. Right. It was real man back then, You know, them dudes, I would say the industry owes a lot of big debt man to kind of like the forefathers of this stuff because Foundational, yeah, Because they made a lot of money that they didn't see, You know, they kind of built these big buildings and these big infrastructures that you see, they was kind of built off of gang rap man from the Streets. That's why you see a lot of 30, 30 plus artists just now coming in to do of making residuals and getting payments because You know, we would signed contracts not knowing shit motherfuckers would own shit for 30, 40 years. You know, like I said, me, I was, shit, I was 16, 17, like I said, I was a, I was a neighborhood kid.

(23m 15s):
Niggas was making records And I just thought it would be a cool way to supplement instead of getting out selling crack and shit every day because everybody was going to jail or getting shot at or You know, that route. So, but we weren't inclined of, of independency. And had I known that I could put my own record out, You know, definitely that would've been a route with street proceeds and shit like that. But we felt like without that, without that, that machine, you wouldn't be successful as an artist back then. I mean, and It's partially True.

(23m 57s):
The machine, they did everything. You get me. Yeah. There wasn't really no, You know, independent record labels, which there were a gang of them, You know what I'm saying? But as far as we were looking, You know, who was successful from, from selling records, You know, so it was just a hobby to get into. And then once you start seeing, You know, the, the materialism in in hip hop and what they blind you with with a couple of pieces and a couple of little checks or You know, send you out of town to a fancy dinner or something like that, You know, you get blinded by, You know, mechanical royalties and publishing and owning your own masters and all of that.

(24m 42s):
So a lot of us got fucked out of a lot of shit, You know? Yeah. Ownership of, of, of, and now you have companies, You know, you look up and you get contacted by companies you did records with 30 years ago and like, oh we got some royalties for you. You know, crazy. So it it's, it's a catch 22, You know what I'm

(25m 4s):
saying? The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,

(25m 27s):
The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.

(26m 20s):
The big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off, including can't miss deals on urban decay palettes and the fabulous shock dryer and Styler, my skin is so important to me. So You know, I got the first aid Beauty ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all new deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta beauty store today. Get all the best gifts. All at Ulta Beauty.

(26m 51s):
We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line and Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Is gonna hold your attention on stage. You have to kind of be a freak And storing Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. Are you a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I want to know which side he's on then you this Christmas. They Just want me sing and blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How Does he feel? He defied everyone, turn it Down. Play loud To change everything.

(27m 32s):
He's our Elvis With no direction. Timothy Shaaba, Edward Norton, El Fanning, Monica Barro. Make Some noise. BD track some mud on the carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's Christmas Day under 1790 middle without Parent.

(27m 51s):
Quest empowers you to take control of your wellness journey with access to more than 100 lab tests@questhealth.com. That's right. You can buy the same quality lab tests that doctors use@questhealth.com. Get fast results online and the option to discuss them with a physician at no extra cost for a limited time. I have a special offer for my listeners. You can save 20% when you visit Quest health.com/just be and use promo code. Just be at checkout, that's Quest health.com/just be with promo code. Just be for an exclusive 20% savings on lab tests. Terms apply.

(28m 29s):
Do you still like, 'cause even today, like I think a lot of our legends, right? You look at a Kendrick or Cole a a ho or any of them, would they be who they are if they weren't signed to a major, right? Yeah. So that like that role still exists. Like everybody who, If you go have a conversation, a man who's, who's the top guys, they're all signed to a major and that's probably why they're even in the conversation. Like we're just now getting to a point. Like I still, I still be shocked at how far I've been able to get without being in the system because you don't really see it in existence. Like right, like even Nipsey's, like Nipsey's biggest era was with Atlantic, right?

(29m 15s):
Like that was, yeah he had a deal. You feel me? Yeah, he had deal for sure, but even before Atlantic he was with Cinematic and Epic, You know like it was, it was always a machine and engine behind it and, And I always think like, man, If you pull that machine with some, with some of them be where they are, You know, I, I've been fortunate to kind of be in this next era of Kendrick and Colin then where I've really been able to utilize the internet to my advantage. So I haven't had to use the machine, but even if I was on a machine it would probably be 50 times bigger, You know? Definitely. So sometimes I think like is that is what you lose in these deals sometimes still worth it If you gain a legacy.

(29m 59s):
Like so say if, if I signed you to an album And I took all your royalties but 20 years later you're still able to do shows and make money, perform and make new music because you have a name that was given to you by this machine, is it then fair? You know? Yeah. But You know what, a lot of people don't get to see that man. It's a lot of dudes out there that's unstuck right Now. Yeah, it, it is. It all depends I guess the position you would put in myself, I was fortunate enough to make, You know, be a member of Compton's Most Wanted and then after that venture out on my own as a solo artist being able to do projects like Boys in the Hood growing up in the hood, You know, which was the number one single in the country at one time.

(30m 50s):
Being able to portray Awax and Minister to Society kind of solidified it a little more. And then being able to just make music, You know? Right. I think that's a lot of a difference between a lot of artists today and back in my era we were highly favored on trying to make songs that would last through the test of time. Right. Because back then, You know, you had to really prove yourself when it came to lyricism, who was producing your record, who you were signed to, You know, there were no independence around everything was Sony Universal, Def Jam, You know this that Right.

(31m 36s):
So we tried to pride ourselves on making songs that would stand the test of time. Thus I'm able to still go overseas. You know, I just came from a tour overseas for what, three weeks last February in Europe. I've been to Japan three or four times on tours. I'm still doing shows this year. I got a show with EPMD and Ice Cube in Detroit next month. So we're able to, fortunate, we're fortunate enough to still be able to stand at test it. But like you said, there was a lot of cats who came from our era who weren't, who are not, You know, able to go out and do shows or You know, I was able to do Grand Theft Auto with, with with San Andreas and, and and the video games come but Rockstar games.

(32m 28s):
Yeah. You know, I was able to get on Mad City with Kendrick. You know, there's certain artists who are able to withstand the test of time, You know? Right. The cubes, the the Mc eights, the Snoop Doggs, You know, but there were a lot of artists who came from our era who probably got washed up in a lot of that. That's major label shit. That's real shit. And you always gotta be open man to do what? What's next? Like, You know, it's like now like even with this podcast and stuff, If you have told me man 15 years ago this shit would be like this, I'd like man you out your mind. I was just, we was just doing it for fun man. You know, because I thought we dope how shit 20 years ago, I mean 25 years ago if You know motherfuckers was, You know, download, download, download, You know, And I'm, I'm motherfucker who came from no I go take a photo shoot and do a promo tour and then my record comes in a package and all of that.

(33m 23s):
So motherfuckers got to talk and downloading shit to me I thought they was stupid like internet and download like ain't nobody, motherfuckers ain't walking around with no iPods and shit like that. Still throwing in CDs and shit Nate. Right. So I was skeptical about the change, You know, but it happens. Yeah it is. And I think you just gotta be willing man just to go, just to go where it goes. And you made an interesting point man, because radio still creates a superstar. Like people act like the radio was just dead now. No radio still very much. You know If you, when power, when You know hot 97 and Power 1 0 6 had 'em concert it'd be thousands of people there be, You know, in arenas.

(34m 6s):
Yeah. And it be packed. So radio still, You know, radio still creates the mega star. Right. But the thing is, as an independent they still only go let you go so far on radio and then you got, and then the thing is you Gotta play with 'em. Yeah. You would mess around and spend so much money that it ain't really, I don't seen homies go out and spend 50 60. The bigger they record get though, the more then finally they like I can't keep affording this shit. Yeah. I can't afford it no more. And so I think that's what it is. But I think you kind of reinventing that mode too though. Like it's a lot of first, which you would not think what you gonna start seeing is dudes like Kendrick start, they gonna start bypassing these labels in a minute. 'cause now it don't make no sense to be, especially when you get to where Kendrick is at man, what is the label gonna do for That He don't need But that's, they're smart because when you get to a Kendrick cold Drake level, they'll give you whatever you want to stay there because they know that.

(35m 2s):
You feel me? Like they ran Drake tons of s because they know nigga we not finna let you leave. You gonna come be happy here we get half a billion. 'cause we know If you leave what that does to the infrastructure. Yeah. So they smart. It's like even Kendrick now, You know like having his own imprint, his distribution is through still through the majors and it's like of course they gonna make sure he got what he needs so he don't have to go independent and and throw off the market share. You feel me? And it's still through Interscope Of course. Like Interscope always, no matter what happens, Interscope always keep theyself in the mix. Well that's that's the smart shit. Yeah. You get Me Like genius, I'm a, I'm this, this paperwork going to be constructed to where if we ever fall out with these motherfuckers, we still going to have firsthand of doing whatever you want to do by yourself.

(35m 52s):
Like you not gonna cut us out of that. So even before shit gets started, we want that down on paper and you ever decide to lead and motherfuckers cool but we got first dibs when you decide to lead And they gonna always win that like major artist distro war because if I go independent distribution And I go to video anywhere And I major, I could get like a 95 5. Right. But if I'm Kendrick And I want a independent distro, I could go to them and they gonna gimme the same 95 5 plus some chicken because they don't want me to go there. Exactly. You know me. So it's like They they always gonna win there. They gonna give you that signing bonus.

(36m 33s):
Like fuck that shit here, take this signing bonus. Yeah we gonna give you that 9 5 5. But we on top of that we gonna give your motherfucker signing bonus too. And that's the thing like staying staying Indy isn't for everybody 'cause everybody's not willing to do the the work that it's a lot of work man. And it is like you, when you sign to a label, you get an advance money in your pocket and you get a marketing budget. So money that they gonna spend just to make sure they investment yields return. When you indy it is whatever, it's all you whatever on, it's all you for everything. Your ad budget, your seeding, but your DSP budget, your, if I gotta go catch a flight and tour all of that, it's on you. And it's like, yeah you make the lion's share of the money but it's all on you.

(37m 16s):
It's not a a pot you get to pull from and a a a team of resources that's constantly pushing you too. So you really got a way the benefits like I'm in a point now where like I would sign major if it made sense. We just haven't found a situation that made sense and I'm good enough and sustained enough to like do whatever I want to do so I don't have to. But when it makes sense, it's, it just don't, it don't. If you, it don't make no sense any otherwise because all the infrastructure that you would have to go through to get to where you want to get to, you're going to have to go deal with 'em. And this is your whole team. I noticed you came in with all this is your team is what, You know, there's Like a a, a 10th of it.

(38m 0s):
So you got your whole little, your own little squad right there. Good Company is just a you got your own Movement huh? And everybody do something That, that's the main thing. You gotta have it man. Because when I first started doing the whole media thing, I had a team of people too. But then the moment I started asking people to kind of start picking up their way 'cause everybody's wanted money, You know, everybody, You know, wanted to just thought they was gonna follow me around to just share my money with me. Uhuh, you gotta bring something to the table. Do you got a cam? Do you got a camera that You know how to use or something? Do You know how to, oh god, You know, do you have some contacts over here? You know, you gotta work. It ain't just, you just go eat off of me me. And that's powerful. You gotta show people down here with you man. And it look like y'all move as a unit too.

(38m 40s):
Oh man. I, I've went through so many phases of, of team and infrastructure and staff. Like I started off with all of my close friends because I'm from a neighborhood that don't have resources and infrastructure. So I didn't necessarily have the people I needed. I just had who was available to me. I was always pushing the work and then it's like, come on, help me with, help me with let's run here, let's go here. You feel me? And it really helped me get to a certain point. But when you start getting people in that are like people you absolutely need that change the course of, you could tell when you find certain people because your life changed fast. Yeah. For real short amounts of time. And it has, it makes you look at everyone around you and be like, man, well what was happening here and why, what, You know.

(39m 23s):
So it's like when you really, Sometimes you lose sometimes friendships get tested bro. For certain, for certain, for certain. And it's like you, it ain't even like a loss of a friendship. It is just like I, I had a, I I have a, a thing that I say like if, if I don't believe this person would be able to live this same life without me, then I, I stray away from building business. Like some PTA's the type of person like she was going to get here regardless. She worked just as hard as me. She as driven as me Splash was gonna get here regardless he put that work in. So it's like easy for us to be together 'cause it's like we were all gonna end up in the same place.

(40m 5s):
But I've had niggas that was like, they would have never gotten to live the life that they was living while with me because they wouldn't have worked for it. You feel me? They wasn't willing to put in the time and the effort that it took to actually get there and that shit throw off the boat and you don't realize it until you in the middle of the sea and it's like yeah for real. Hey we need everybody to dump some water off this so we don't. Damn. I see your Family working with you and everything else too. I saw you had pops, he cooking food at the shows and and Stuff Man. Man That's powerful man. That's cold, right? That's cold man. Like what has been your moment man that you kinda had to sit back and be like, man this shit really just happened. Like who did you meet that really just fucked your head up so Far Snoop?

(40m 47s):
That was a major one, You know, just 'cause like one of my early introductions to rap that I was like I'm gonna be a rapper. My mama used to always watch the up and Smoke tour DVD and Snoop and Dre and it was just like, I didn't used to think Snoop was a real person. I thought he was like Charact, he was character. Character charact, you feel me? Like you don't understand it as a kid. So that was one that was just like wow we really walking in that path like, You know, I know niggas go they whole life and don't meet Snoop Dogg. Yeah, for real. You know, it's not like for real, You know, people go, they, so when you get into certain rooms and meet certain people and start having certain conversations every day, I'm like, I have moments where I'm just hyper present and I'm like damn this is really like my life.

(41m 34s):
But it's still a dream, You know? 'cause you, you, you see it all as a kid and you don't imagine that you could be a part of it. I never met nobody like famous or successful so I never thought that it was like a real tangible thing until I was an adult. Yeah. And it's real important man to sit back and enjoy this stuff man. Because when you get to move, walk amongst a certain path, it's a blessing man. And I really believe that. God I think all that stuff is a spiritual thing. I think it comes from God. I think God pretty much had a plan for this man and said you go be MCA no matter what happened. And I didn't know what the fuck I was going to do. Like I said, we didn't, I I just, we just didn't know She is what I'm Saying, we just didn't know.

(42m 14s):
Right. I didn't have the, You know, like I said, I didn't have no motherfucking, we I guess you was all influenced by, You know, oh Michael Jackson, the Jackson five can sing and shit like that. But in reality you like, but No nigga think he could be Mike Nigga. I live on Johnson Street, I live on Johnson Street in Compton. Nigga I ain't going a motherfucking place. Oh God. So to, to be able to, to look up now and like nigga got a son in college. I done been around The World three, four times. You know every state in this motherfucker shows and videos, that's all good man. And You know, but that's all good.

(42m 54s):
You, you never you, you never put yourself in that position like you said as a kid you always had those dreams. You know as a kid I was, You know I'm gonna be a fireman, I'm be a policeman. Right. You get me like those are those kids dreams you get me, fuck that. You know? Right. And then as reality starts sitting in and you seeing the fucking helicopter every night and niggas getting shot outside, you like nigga it is hell around here nigga, I ain't getting out. No You know Man You get the like shit I joined the army like what the fuck shit. Oh you Got what the fuck? Shit I do You know what you should do? Yes. Like I have no idea because like ain't no, ain't no like the niggas down the street is hustlers nigga they got all brand new cars and Daytons and beepers and cell phones and shit like that.

(43m 41s):
And like so where's the positivity in this shit? And you, You know what's hella crazy that we grew up in a place to where like there's some people who grew up cultivated to where like in their situations they be like man I could just apply myself if I do this and do this I'm gonna get this. We be like nigga I'm finna go to the military. Yeah. Yeah like, like for real. What's the easy answer real quick? Oh yeah nigga, I ain't trying to take no tests in school or do nothing nigga. What's the easy answer nigga? RB fucking sign me up. Fuck it. That shit So shit for real though. 'cause you'll have, If you really, when you in like poverty and you see struggle, you don't see success for yourself man like like I said you get to a certain point as a kid.

(44m 26s):
Yeah I'm out there riding my big wheel and getting a little ice cream or whatever but nigga 12, 13 starts sitting in and you start realizing moms ain't giving up them $5. She used to give me as a kid I'm out here broke hungry. Like what? What's the choice? Going to school is difficulty because I'm not dumb but not no motherfucking brainiac mani like square root of two and all that shit. Now this motherfuckers in school like them motherfuckers is going some that ain't me. Like that shit ain't me like right nigga I'm basic with my math and English and shit like that. So You know you try to find that niche.

(45m 6s):
Some motherfuckers be like fuck it And back then we didn't have seven oh sevens and all these motherfucking that's real contest kids can go play sports and get three and four stars And get to And I thought that was gonna be, it was hard because I played football Right. But I was from the hood and it took a man to actually take me up out of Cleveland. I'm from the east side of Cleveland. He took me up them hills that I'd never been up and he said You know you play football good enough to where you can really get outta here. But by the time I really realized that and started believing it was too late and my grades wasn't right but it still brought me out in California. Right. We didn't take me nowhere nigga I saw niggas down the street nigga that fucking B sign trucks with the ski racks on them, them big center lines and shit.

(45m 49s):
And the homies had the VW bugs with the plush in them nigga. I was like, I'm be one of them niggas. I won one of them, I'm finna be one of them niggas and there ain't finna be no college scholarship. Niggas ain't talking about no scholarships around here. I don won't, niggas ain't coming around here nigga you better go grab you a double up 50 nigga and hit the block. For Real. And You know what's crazy like that the representation does everything. Like I see the difference in like my nephews and the kids in my neighborhood and the kids at my daughter's school when they see me And I hear the difference in how they speak and communicate when they around like they really see it different 'cause they see somebody successful just in the block walking around, moving around.

(46m 30s):
So they, they whole perception of it is Different. Can you see the perception of all of Chris's friends who when they started as kids and you put 'em in the youth football and shit like that niggas going to college and shit. Yeah niggas got big nigga when I was that age there wasn't nobody going to no motherfucking college and was influential. Right. You get Me damn if it, some of them kids, if I went, some of them kids that's in school right now. Hey had I not been to my truck going to go pick them up, they probably might not have got there. But some My friends may be still serving. Some of my friends still in prison right now. You get me. As opposed to how Koran had the difference nigga they going to college man I nigga niggas got construction jobs.

(47m 14s):
I made sure my son didn't go through that. The refinery Exactly. I Made sure my son didn't miss the like how my grades was messed up. I made sure my son went to the best school to where they had the, the the NC two way person in the, in the school, You know the athletic department and made sure his grades was right. I made sure when my son got them opportunities and all them colleges was knocking on his door, he was gonna be able to go because that really hunted me all my life. I was like man, I could have really went to Ohio State or somewhere man. And then You know, you hear people say, You know what opportunities were available but a lot of opportunities weren't available. And like I said, for me it's a difference now because with the internet and social media and, and being knowledgeable about certain like yourself, I'd have never thought of that independency and man put your own fucking records out.

(48m 7s):
Make motherfuckers do this and do that and your value and whatever. Man. I was like man, I'm trying to get it the hell up outta Compton man. So whatever it is, sign on the dotted line, let's go. So the influences are different today. You get me And that's, that's great that some of us went through situations that gave them the ability to go i I ain't getting fucked like that. Yeah I'm not getting fucked like that. I might as well do my own shit before I let a motherfucker come along and take what, 90% of what I make, you feel me and then want to charge me back for the shit and give me fucking 7 cents for the shit for real that I'm making back for it.

(48m 48s):
You feel Me? Give the record deal is like them checking the cash things. You know them people will go borrow money against they paycheck but they damn got. That's what the record deal is man. That's Exactly what it is. We gonna put this record out and you don't understand. We gonna make 30 million but we invested motherfucking 10 million and your portion is fucking 50 cents and you going to pay us back motherfucking to you going to pay us back 50 50 cents. That 50 cents. Now the project that made about a hundred millions, ours is great. That's our cut. But that's ours, that's our, that's, that's our Cut. We looking at the wrong cut Business and then you'd be like, well wait a minute. I wrote it, I produced it. A motherfucking danced around like a motherfucking clown for it and shit.

(49m 32s):
And after all I did all I get is 50 cents and you get to keep like nigga you ain't darn shit. That's all of it. Then they still might come and tell you, oh man, your records hasn't been profitable, but You know what? We gonna let you do another one. That's what they do. They always gonna let you do another one, but we will let you do another one. How that be making sense? Yeah. Yo, we been, You, you get to, you get to that 3 75 edge, we, we gonna get, we gonna let you do another one. Come on. 3 75 that, that's a little bit of change for us. So we gonna let you get another one. Now If you did about 150, you might not get another chance, but 3 3 75 Lot of niggas was hitting that 300,000 mark.

(50m 14s):
Man, you Gotta remember that's six, $7 a pop though man. Come on Man. Come On. Let's do another

(50m 19s):
one. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,

(50m 42s):
The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.

(51m 35s):
The big holiday beauty sale at Ulta Beauty is happening now. Get the best gifts up to 50% off, including can't miss deals on urban decay palettes and the fabulous shark dryer and Styler, my skin is so important to me. So You know, I got the first aid Beauty Ultra repair cream. Gotta make sure I hydrate my skin. But that's not all. New deals drop every week. So whether you're treating yourself or finding the perfect gifts for your crew, head to an Ulta Beauty store today. Get all the best gifts, all at Ulta Beauty.

(52m 6s):
We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. Anyone Is gonna hold your attention on stage. You have to kind of be a freak And storing Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I wanna know which side he's On This Christmas. They just want me saying, I'm blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does he feel? He defied everyone. Turn it Down To change everything.

(52m 47s):
He's Our Elvis with no direction. Oh, Timothy Chalamet. Edward Norton, l Fanning Monica Barbero. Make Some noise. Bd track some mud on the carpet. A complete unknown only in theater's Christmas Day under 1790 middle without Parrot

(53m 6s):
Quest empowers you to take control of your wellness journey with access to more than 100 lab tests@questhealth.com. That's right. You can buy the same quality lab tests that doctors use@questhealth.com. Get fast results online and the option to discuss them with a physician at no extra cost for a limited time. I have a special offer for my listeners. You can save 20% when you visit Quest health.com/just be and use promo code. Just be at checkout, that's Quest health.com/just be with promo code. Just be for an exclusive 20% savings on lab tests. Terms apply.

(53m 44s):
Hell yeah. So what did you do for work before your, while you was, when you first started, what was your regular job? Man, I, I worked for UPS, I worked for FedEx. I worked at a winery in Napa. Them Good jobs dog them good gigs. Hell nah, not when you enter in, nigga. I was loading the truck, I was driving Over, running Around, do no packages at the winery, nigga I had to stump in the bin on grapes at a time. Moved up to like doing pump overs and production, but it was like labor. Then my last job was at aerospace. I got in there through a temp agency And I was just on the floor and packaging and laboring and shit. I start like reading all they procedures and protocols and like I changed some shit at the job.

(54m 25s):
They used to like spray paint, stencil, all of these like military packages and shit and it would take forever. And all I did was came in and read all the books because I was lazy. I didn't want to do all that. And I found out that it was like a military grade label that you could buy in this machine and If you, you could just use those in lieu of the stencil and up the production like a hundred x. Like I really, I changed the shit outta that business to the point it was like we was doing more and getting more money in and getting more shit out then ever. And I didn't even realize. So like it got to a point I was asking for a raise and I'm asking for little money 'cause I always making little fun little money not even thinking like, bro, you just changed the entire bro making million of dollars.

(55m 9s):
They wanna do this for the next 20, 30 years when you no longer here. They was doing this for the past 30 years before you came. So it was like, I wasn't even really been compensated for what I was doing, but I learned so much. I was able to move up to like the administrative floor and work on contracts and shit. I was the only one up there with no degree. And you feel me, I I started learning the business there And I was making a little bit better money but it still was like, now that I'm fucking successful And I make money And I actually run business, it was like I wasn't making no damn money there. I just thought I was making money because I had more money than every nigga who I was coming up with. You feel Me. And did you, did you ever find yourself at work thinking like, man, I should be on the road right now. I should be doing this right now, Man. Yeah, 'cause I, I started releasing my albums in my first shows like a year and a half before I quit.

(55m 54s):
So after every single show I used to had to come back to work on that Monday and just be like, damn. Did you ever have any coworkers that discovered your secret identity? Hell Of them. I used to, I used to get CDs off at the job. Coworkers used to come to shows and hella people used to tell me like, bruh, you going to be to, you are a little bit better than You know. So a lot of people knew, but a lot of people didn't know either. But I was always like, even the people who didn't know I did music, they knew I was gonna be something because just on the floor I was a leader. I, I moved and navigated a certain way. But yeah, a few of 'em found out and they start coming to shows and, and and supporting and everything. They knew what was up That's supposed, see you had that anointing bro.

(56m 34s):
You had that, You know the spirit spoke on you man. Yeah. And knew he had something bigger for you. And that's what I think, I think that all of our, all our trials and tribulations we go on on our journey, man always prepare us for something. Because I remember I would have something bad happen like, and I'd be like, damn, like that's fucked up. But then what I start noticing is that those bad things that happened kind of gave me some knowledge up here man, it helped me in another situation And I start thinking like, I wonder what God got in store for me next. When the one door will close. I'd be like, oh that's cool 'cause something else about to happen. And it's always been that way. I know your kids get made, your kids got all the club pulled in school now, don't they? Yeah, they do. On God.

(57m 15s):
My daughter is is is like she the school take care of her sometimes we'll go pick her up and her teacher will walker her across the street, wanna talk to nobody walk. Right. But it, it is a beautiful thing. Like it is real community. Like her teachers are from the city too and they went to high school like with my sister and they come to shows like it's a group of kids that go to her school that help out with the backyard shows and like we got like a little volunteer program that one of our members set up. So it's like, it's real community. But yeah, she get, she gets special treatment at school, Man you might mess around and be inspiring the next Jimmy vin or something. It's right in your backyard. You just never know bro. 'cause I look at, even when I ran my little football program, I see kids that's out there like bawling right now.

(57m 57s):
Some of 'em in the NFL and stuff. And I like, damn, I remember when I picked that little dude up and he was crying, You know, knew He wasn't. And I, And I kind of made him stay, You know what I mean? Like certain little kids and you could see it in them before they see it in theyself and you like damn man. And all it takes sometimes is one person to care. Like we, we, we be going to my old high schools and we found a few kids that we really just changed their life by just being a presence and, and just a day and caring and bringing them to the crib and hey hop on it. You could rap getting this out. You know, just being in a community like you really, you really change people lives when you successful and you in a community that you from 'cause they see you every day. Just like, it's not a dream no more. It makes the reality feel like, like the only reason niggas even consider the army is 'cause we know so many niggas who went in the army.

(58m 43s):
And so it's like when you see a bunch of people who like, ah, he's exactly, he made it. That starts to become your norm. What is it man that you like, what's next for you? Like what's the next level for you? What you trying to do next? Man, I I really, I really like, I'm living a version of my life that I never thought was possible at one point. So really I just wake up every day and do the work and whatever comes from that I be good with, You know, I don't even, I don't even shoot too far ahead. I know that if I show up and do everything I need to do whatever is next gonna end up in front Of me. That's the best thing to do. I learned to really live in the present too and not really think so far.

(59m 26s):
Yeah, you Don't, you don't look to the future. Yeah. You know, you don't know what's promised. So right now you just try to handle business that's in your face and your presence right now. Make sure kids and family is straight, household is good and whatever, whatever going to come going come, You know, when You know you, you, you, when You know you doing motherfuckers right, you don't really fear a lot of bullshit and a lot of mishaps to come, You know, negativity. Especially when you, You know, you weed the negativity out. So from there you can try to just pace yourself. Like me, I don't like, is a nigga gonna call me next week to do a movie?

(1h 0m 7s):
I don't know. But I'm not tripping off that shit because I wait, like you said, I wake up every day and I'm cool if I ain't gotta do a motherfucking thing today, but sit here and watch sports center all day, I'm straight. I don't, I don't put myself in a position to go God damn I gotta, You know what I'm saying, I gotta this or, or they doing that or maybe I should try something. You know what I'm saying? Long as I'm comfortable And I know like every those three aspects are good, then, then what's, what else can you control? You get me and it's either gonna happen or it ain't going to happen and I'm one of them type that I hate anticipating shit. Don't tell me about nothing. Either it's gonna happen or, or it's or it's not.

(1h 0m 48s):
You feel me? Right. And I I I have a lot of faith in my action, You know, I know if I plant an apple seed today at someday I'm gonna be able to eat some apples. Exactly. I don't know when that day gonna come, but I know the day gonna come where I'm gonna be able to eat some apples and I'm cool with that, You know? Yeah. I'm cool with just watering it every day until that day come And you got a roster over there too. A Good Company, right? Man, I got some monsters. I got some monsters. The whole team, not even just the artists, like the whole team for every position is like the best in their field, You know, like we really, me and Tianna is both two kids from, she from Clear Lake, I'm from Vallejo, California. It's no infrastructure in either of those spots. It's not a lot of successful people from either one.

(1h 1m 29s):
And we in rooms with Snoop showing him like, hey, this some infrastructure and technology we built. You feel me? Like I got, I got shakers all the way up the line. That's dope man. You know what, the next time y'all come down here, man, we want you to bring some of them, some of those spitters down here, max, You know, me and him got a radio show we gonna start doing next year, man. 2025 man. We want y'all to come down and bus man. Lemme know. Definitely lemme know on bus. I might fuck around and get the Come on Know Watch ass man. It's official man. I'm really glad man that you came down here to man a rock with us, man. When Nicole told me you was gonna do it, I said Yeah man, this on, on the popping man right there now, You know it's gonna be a lot of people man that you inspire listening to this right now.

(1h 2m 13s):
What you gotta say to them right now, man? Give 'em some words Man. There's a lot of artists who might not know the right path to take 'cause dudes ask me all the time up and coming artists, You know, I'm trying to, You know, get my, I'm trying to get my foot in the door, You know what type, And I always tell dudes to try to connect where they from, You know? So, You know, that's one of the advices I give to artists coming up. Try to get the people where you from behind you in that aspect. The people who really believe in you. That's one of the things I try to say to artists.

(1h 2m 56s):
So, You know, we like to ask people, You know, what's that one thing that you would, one advice that you would give to somebody, You know, starting from where you started, You know, If you see, You know this artist, man, I remember I used to do that or I used to do that. You know, what's, what's what's advice you would give him? Be relentless. He who is willing is who will, I'm really, I'm independently major, You know, I get to use the same platform, same infrastructure.

(1h 3m 36s):
There's not too many, there's some major artists that, You know, inside by side, they can't sell as many tickets at me and haven't cultivated what I cultivated. And it's because I was willing to do whatever it took to get to where I wanted to get. I meet a lot of artists now who was like, oh, but I don't want to post every day, but I don't want to shoot content like that. Oh, but I don't want to do the I, but I'd rather, you feel me? And it's like, well you don't wanna win, You know, and If you don't want to do those things, then you gotta be willing to find something that you is, that you are willing to do. Exactly. To get there. And if that don't exist, then you just keep complaining about the predicament and position. But me, it was like, I'm still to this day, You know, like I'm successful And I still go out, show up here, show up here, go do that.

(1h 4m 23s):
I'm a, I'ma still show up and do my work because I want it, You know, where I'm trying to get to it is like, I know there's a certain amount of work required to get to that point and I'm willing to do every bit of it. And if the day I'm not willing to do it, I don't expect to win. You know, real shit. Real simple as that shit. That's real shit. And I think that's what's been missing. And today it's like gotta be willing because we get to witness people make it so fast and it looks so fast to us. We, we try to replicate that instead of replicating process instead of doing everything they did to get there. We just want the result of them there. I want that instant. Yeah. You feel me? And it's because we get to bear witness to it.

(1h 5m 3s):
We see people go viral one day and then they life change and we're like, man, that's gonna happen for me. And it's like, hmm. Maybe If you wanna rely on them odds, but If you don't want to have to rely on a, maybe get your ass up every day and shoot and then, You know, like I don't, I don't, I don't really have a a maybe in me like man, I might make, that's not a thing to me. It is. Like I know I'm gonna make it 'cause I do it every day. Yeah, For real. Because I'm gonna get up and go do it. Like that's it's, that's just it. There's no, yeah, you gotta be willing. If you ain't willing then shit, you might as well just go ahead and sit back and ride away. Let it go and let it go. Try try something else, man. For real. Well y'all heard the man right there. Get up off your ass and go do it.

(1h 5m 43s):
My note. And on that note, Jim, we outta here. Yeah man. I appreciate you. You Dog man. Mutual. Let's Go get this. Let's go get these pictures man. Let's do It. This is great. For sure. Well that concludes another episode of The Gangster Chronicles podcast. Be sure to download the iHeart app and subscribe to The Gangster Chronicles podcast for Apple users. Find a purple mic on the front of your screen, subscribe to the show, leave a Common and rating executive producers for The Gangster Chronicles podcast of Norman Steel. Aaron, MCA Tyler, our visual media director is Brown, white, and our audio editor is Taylor Hayes. The Gangster Chronicles is a production of iHeart Media Network and the Black Effect Podcast network. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts.

(1h 6m 26s):
Wherever you listen to your podcast,

(1h 6m 28s):
The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care If you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.

(1h 7m 3s):
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company

(1h 7m 25s):
Game on because ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from ESPN plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton Crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit disney plus.com for details.

(1h 8m 3s):
Quest empowers you to take control of your wellness journey with access to more than 100 lab tests@questhealth.com. That's right. You can buy the same quality lab tests that doctors use@questhealth.com. Get fast results online and the option to discuss them with a physician at no extra cost. For a limited time, I have a special offer for my listeners. You can save 20% when you visit quest health.com/just be and use promo code. Just be at checkout, that's quest health.com/just be with promo code. Just be for an exclusive 20% savings on lab tests. Terms apply.

(1h 8m 40s):
We have one more act for you this evening. I don't even need to say his name. Mr. Bob Dylan From the director of Walk the Line at Ford versus Ferrari. If anyone Who's gonna hold your attention on stage, you it kind of be a freak. And storing Timothy Shaima as Bob Dylan. Are You a freak? Hope so. Upon Inspired by the true story, I wanna know which side he's On This Christmas. They just want me singing, blowing in the wind for the rest of my life. Bobby, what do you wanna be? Whatever it is they don't want me to be. How does he feel? He defied everyone, turn it Down, play loud To change everything.

(1h 9m 22s):
He's Our Elvis with no direction home. Timothy Chalamet, Edward Norton, L Fanny, Monica Barbero. Make some noise. Bd. Track some mud on carpet. Monica, complete unknown. A complete unknown only in theater's. Christmas day under 17 nine. A middle without parrot.