
I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything. And everybody You hear that exclusive, you know, if you don't lie about that. Right? Lauren came in. Hi. What's up y'all? It's Lauren la This is the latest with Lauren La Your daily dig on everything. Pop culture and entertainment news and all the conversations that shake the room. Now today, back with me again. Brandon. Brandon, But to be back as always. Thanks for having me again. The Michelle Obama hater. I don't wanna be known That the Michelle Obama hater put that was A whole week ago. We don't have to keep bringing that up. Right? I thought It was like a couple days. Was it? No. My time, my, my job. I don time is off At this point. I don you and you know how you deal with black women happened so much that I just, I got lost in a time.


Friend, welcome back. If it Means nothing. I saw the picture of Sasha Obama and Yeah. How Old is she? I don know if that counteracts anything. Oh, oh my God. Are you talking I love the daughter at, at the party that they was at out in New New York. Yeah. There was the Dustin Conrad. Like a concert or a listening party, whatever. Yes. So if it, if it counteracts anything I said last week, Sasha Obama was looking amazing in that picture. So Yes. Look at you just mansplaining counter. That's mansplaining. That's man math. Whatever it is, it is. Whatever you doing is like it. It's not working. Oh, bad. Objectifying the daughter because you made fun of the mom. That's how you make it. Let's keep the train. Roll rest. Go ahead Alrightyy y'all. Well, welcome back today.


It has been a great day. I was gonna say it's been a day, but it has been a great day. Right here, right now is where we do the check-in. 'cause you know, when you grind in behind the scenes, you need sometimes to just be asked, how are you doing Back on the ground. So for me it has been a great day. It has been a busy day. That is my word today. Busy. Brandon, how you feeling? I'm Feeling good too, but we making shit happen now. We making shit happen. Its, I'm also busy, but just running around tired as usual. But we just making stuff happen. You feel like you got your, your back from Houston? Nah. No. Right. That doesn't come back for another week or so. You know what, Emini here. So yeah. That, that, that stays with you.


Whatever it is that word is called. That stays with you for a while. Nah, facts. 'cause I, I feel like I'm still feeling it today. They was like, yo, you so quiet, you really are tired. I'm still feeling it a little bit from Atlanta. I feel like better and more rusted than I felt, but I'm still getting it back. We getting old. It take us a couple days to shake that. Yeah, I was drinking every day. I was eating terribly. Eating a lot of good soul food. Just sleeping a lot like I was. That that, that messed me up for sure. Well I ain't been right since. So let's get on into the latest. We broke an exclusive here on the latest with Lauren the Rosa. We did the interview with Misa Hilton's attorney. Misa Hilton is a fashion stylist, you know, industry architect of some sorts.


Creative director. She's done a bunch of things in the artistic space when it comes to hip hop and culture. Also, she shares a kid with Sean Combs, Diddy, Justin Combs. She currently is suing Mary j Blige, r and b Singer Mary j Blige for $5 million over a business deal that they had set up with Vato. So we talked to her attorney yesterday who told us some things. Brandon, you was here for, you got the answer, you got to ask some questions. Do you feel like you got enough answers to your questions? Emini Here, the attorney, he gave a lot of information but he didn't have all the answers himself on exactly when the relationship started going sour. Yeah. What did he say around, what'd he say around New Year's? Or what did he, what He said? He said they were in Aquila together and then he said around Super Bowl.


Super Bowl. That's what said February, right? Yeah. Around Super Bowl. Yeah. Super Bowl is when he, he claiming that things got weird between Misa and Mary Gilli. Yeah. And that they had actually tried to set up make, go back and listen to the episode before this one. How about that? But like you said, yeah, like, but like we said in that episode, there's feels like there's more to the story. Yes. And it seems like more is unwinding and Well if you know me to do anything else, yes. You gonna dig? I'm going. Okay. All right. Wait, That's not a good word. It is, but it's like the way that, the Way you be offended, I be saying The way you put it, you Gonna dig everything I say you be taking offense to it. I don maybe not use The right word. I don dunno, you was calling me a strong black woman. I was calling you a digger or You saying I'm nosy. But I don't know if I appreciate either one of them.


That's A good word for a journalist. That's a compliment. Okay. They, they dig and I'm thorough. Yes. In my work. Yes. Okay. But so I do have an update for you guys. I actually spoke to Misa Hilton because yes, there there is more bubbles and more holes that we needed to be filled in in what we reported. It kind of gave information around everything that's happening. But for a lot of you guys who know the relationship between Mary j Blige and, and Diddy and you know Misa Hilton, you know, even if not, even if you don't know specifically Misa Hilton and everything she's done, you know the relationship between what I would call her family when it comes to Diddy and her son and Mary j Blige. It is a decade long, over the decade, decade long relationship.


So I spoke to Misa Hill And I'm like, yo, there gotta be more to this. There's no way that that is your sister, that is your blood for as long as she's been. And you guys are beefing about a music artist. And it's not even about who the music artist is, it's just in general. Like I thought that it was, it was rather than rap for y'all, no pun intended, here's what Misa told me. So Misa said she wanted to make it clear. She said we did not fall out over Vato over the Vato album and the lawsuit was not brought because we are no longer friends. Mary j Blige needs to release Vato, communicate around that and needs to stop holding him hostage. Once Vato did not go with Mary j Blige and her boyfriend as management Misa claims and alleges that the boyfriend, Mary j Blige boyfriend her current boyfriend as management shut down.


You know, just a bunch of different things. She said that's when the shutdown began. And at that time is when now Misa is saying that she is looking at Mary j Blige like, you know, you're in breach of the existing contract that they had. Now a lot of people have had questions about Vato and musically, you know what he's done. People are like, yo bro, I didn't even know Vato was still making music. I didn't know he was still making money of music. Like basically, you know, they kind playing with him a little bit. Yeah. So she also wanted to make it clear that, you know, when we talk about that $5 million number and why the lawsuit is that and how it got to that amount, it it there, there's a bunch of different things that go into it. But she says, when you're talking about circulating numbers, Vado was writing for two of Mary j b's albums as well as two tours.


He was promised that he would go on two tours with Mary j Blige. She removed all of this. The number, the $5 million is not from the anticipated album sales that he was not able to put out. Misa says her and Vado were supporting her in building her label and her is Mary j Blige Vado is also a super creative writer, vocal producer, ghost writer and ideas guy. And there was a lot in motion there. The still Believe in Love song, which was one of Mary j Blige most recent love songs went 10 weeks number one on the chart. Vado is on that song to be clear. So Misa said, you know, let's not be so quick to discount Vado. He brought that good Harlem energy and heated the Queen Up.


The queen is Mary g Blige. And she admit she, you know, this is the question that Misa is asking The World. What other rapper did Mary g Blige go number one with for that long in the last 15 years? Misa says, I'll wait. This is when Mary j Blige wanted to sign va. So she says basically after, you know, he's writing, they got that song together, the still Believe in Love song, it goes number one on the chart for 10 weeks. Mary j Blige Misa alleges comes to them and and is like, Hey I wanna sign Vato. And she was very aggressive about it too. Allegedly according to Misa. So Misa says no matter what anyone thinks Ava or what level he is or is not on a breach of an existing contract is a breach period.


Friends are not. But what friend would breach and violate this way and then refuse to communicate the release. These things are tough to understand with the 30 plus year relationship at the Hyn because it's hard to really decipher what's happening with so many opinions chiming in and angles. However, I understand that it makes for good conversation breach of contract and no communication for a year. So now we have a timeline. Misa Hilton says that it was a year that her and Mary j Blige had not been contact, had not been communicating. And that, you know, she's alleging that this breaching of the contract was happening for about a year. Okay, leaves you no choice. Why won't Mary j Blige? And this is Misa asking this. Why won't Mary j Blige just resolve this and put this behind all of us?


That's the bigger question. Judgment is too easy in this situation. It is shocking. However, this is screaming so many things on so many different levels. Just take a deeper look. God bless and thank you again. Woo. That sounds like a lot. Are Misa an attorney on the same page with this story Emini here? Like she just said, that's who attorney before she said it to you. I think they're on the same page. But I think that Misa in, in this being a legal matter was playing it safe by having her attorney. You know what Emini here, oh this. And not even having her, but by her attorney choosing to speak out on Mesa's behalf, I think you know, know that's the way that you, 'cause it still is a pending lawsuit. It's a legal matter. You wanna be safe about what you say, you know, 'cause things can and will be used against you.


Ooh. Yeah. And a court of law clock it generally clock it clock. But yeah. So I think they were just being safe. But I think after, I know we did the report today via The Breakfast Club. We had to exclusive here first on the latest with Lauren La Rosada podcast and and there were blogs that picked it up. Yep. So I think once our reports started circulating and she heard the interview in full and that's why I love to put things in, you know, if I don't have to say it, I'd rather put it in your words. Yeah, yeah. You tell me what you feel. Let me put it in your words because I can't misconstrue something that you directly are saying to me. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So because of that and because of the words she heard her attorney say she wasn't upset at us or anything, you know, she did have certain things she wanted Jess charade me to know.


Yeah. But she wasn't upset. But now she's coming out, she's like, you know what, I'm gonna play it smart. But still, here's some context to this. Yeah. Because I think the internet right now and people right now are making this as like a cat fight over a rapper. Yeah. Or personal relationship and like, oh we're not friends anymore. Let me see you in 5 million. Exactly. But there was a lot of clarification what you just said. So Emini here we were thinking one track minded and vital only, you know, wanting the 5 million for for his music Yes. And stuff like that. But like you said, you're still a ri a writer at the end of the day. Yeah. You know, it sounded like it was a tour coming, they said, so there's other aspects of his value that he brought to that relationship that we weren't even factoring in the first Part.


I had no idea. Yeah. I didn't know I did, I was seeing him on songs of Mary j Blige. But I remember seeing it and being like, oh I've heard from him in a while, but I never even looked at like, looked much into it. I couldn't even tell you the song off the top. But to know that it, you know what Emini here, it stayed on the trust for all the weeks and him writing, imagine writing a Mary Blige record. Right. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. That's a big, that's that that's big deal. That that's a check. You getting a publish a check if you did, if you did it right. Yeah. So now I understand, you know, why he wants his, his money and Then she clarified the possibly going behind her back and trying to steal him at and and manage him with her Major J Blazer trying to manage him with her boyfriend and, and that like reiterates the like just block boxing Misa outta everything.


Well I'm gonna tell you this right here. If I'm married j Blige, I know we talked about this a little bit on our last podcast episode too. I want my boyfriends the furthest from my businesses. They can be. Yo should Keep doing that. I didn't think about that. I don Want, I want yo listen, I want my business on earth and my boyfriend on Saturn. Like just because of everything she endured in her last relationship. I don't know who, who the guy is, but I just know that it's a new boyfriend. Oh Wow. She did not learn a lesson. Yeah. Well It's gonna be another sad ass. Sorry lemme not Another sad ass album might come from this whole situation. Emini Here. Sad Mary is a good music. Yeah. As bad as that sounds sad. Great, man. Speaking of lessons learned though. So do you remember Shado Saunders? Deion Saunders son?


Yeah. He, he that prank call that happened? Yeah. So the, the, the kid that prank called him the NFL just dropped some serious fines on the Atlanta Falcons and their defensive coordinator Jeff Albridge because it was his son that orchestrated that prank call. So according to ESPN, they broke the story as we were preparing for the podcast, the team has now been slapped with a $250,000 fine. And Coach Albridge himself has to cough up another hundred thousand dollars for failing to protect confidential NFL draft info. That is a $350,000 ass whooping if you in my mom's house. Yeah. He just, can you imagine what that, that whooping is like? He Just, he can't just throw that on his son 'cause he was responsible for this confidential information. But that's crazy to Take.


But you would never think your son take record Himself with his face and everything. He's giggling laughing, but it's, it is a fuck up situation. 'cause Shado was really like, that must have been a real tough moment in his life. Oh yes. Like he thought he was going first round, he got pushed all the way to, what was it, fifth round. And I know that was like tough for him to hear. 'cause the way he answered the phone all happy. 'cause I don't know if you saw the video of him talking Yeah. That he bought that phone specifically, Specifically for the draft For that moment and only the coaches. So he knew if that phone rings, I'm gonna get drafted. And I don't know if you watch the draft, like everybody picks up the phone and they talk to a coach before, Was it a brand deal? I think it was a brand deal. 'cause remember he was like Metro PCS sent that Emini here. It don't matter. I just Oh yeah, Yeah. I'm Not sure about Yeah, it don't matter. But yeah, it was specifically for that. And I, and even with that went, I remember when him, it was him and his brother Shiloh in that video, right?


Yeah. Yeah. Mind you Shiloh is, Shiloh is a superstar. Shiloh is funny as heck. Oh. Personality wise I did not. Yeah. Yeah. He's not good at Football. He he's cool. He signed to the Buccaneers. So he didn't get drafted though. But he's, he's signed after. You are so shady you said. Oh, personality wise. Nah, he's funny though. No, he really is. Like I, I knew that, I knew that they were like, you know, close And I knew of Shiloh and all of Dion's kids before that, but I don't think I really paid much attention to Shiloh's personality s this Because he looked the most like his dad. So he, he likes to impersonate his dad and like he always doing his dad's voice and everything. So. Well he did the clip with the, the, the the clip with the mom.


Yeah. Tell me what that, that, that 'cause you, you're a Caribbean. No. You know you're African, I'm sorry. I'm flip this whole studio open. I'm from Ghana. All right. All right. You African Got Yes. What your question, I don't even know how this related to your door. Your door's not African. It's Like that. Yeah, but I feel like melanated parents. Oh okay. They beat you a little different when it comes to certain things. You can't call 9 1 1 in their house and you better not cost em no money if, and you better not, don't have people in their house that they don't know. Especially sitting on certain couches. Yeah. How this would've been in your household. If I cost my parents a hundred K and her country $350,000 And my mom's, I don let you work after that.


If my cost of 250 k and she got in trouble for it. Yeah. I think I would just like, I don't just leave, you know what Emini here and just start, go to another country new elsewhere. I wanna go to Ghana. They'll come find, I'll just start over in a new country. Maybe a few years later they, they'll forgive me and I'll come back later time. But that, that's just, that's crazy to do to like hack, well not hacking, but go into your parents' stuff and and steal information like, and then record it and post it online like that. That's insane. That's bold. I don wanna That's you should been getting beat since you was young. And that's the problem with these, these gentle parents. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? He Seem like one of them entitled frat boys. I don't know if you want I don No, you went to HBCU. I don Know. I know what it Emini here. I've seen him on movies. Yeah. I've never seen Like gives those vibe.


It's like he thought that was so funny just to like, honestly it should be funny when you're young but to fuck with somebody's life like That. But how young is he? He, he looks like I was about to say he looks like he's like 22, 23. I think he was 21. So it's you old up To drink. You old enough to think Bruh, you should definitely though. But you about graduate college. Like you about be in the child, bro. I somebody should do that. Somebody, when he is applying for jobs, somebody should break call like, yo, you got the job, but you're gonna have to wait a little bit. Sorry about that. Yo, I also saw too that shado he did the second day of the draft, the numbers came in for like people that were tuning to the draft and they were saying that the numbers were, it was like a big monument. It's like number monuments. That's, and It kept going on. 'cause even we were busy this weekend. Like I was in, like I said, I was in Houston, we were like moving around but we kept checking our phones like Yeah.


Looking for checking around. He didn't third round. He didn't go fourth round. Yeah. What we were like shocked we were out, but we were shocked like, what is going on like this? Yeah, There was, and they, they're accounting the Nye County, but they're attributing those numbers to him and all the controversy around, which is great. Yeah. You know what Emini here, him going from college to NFL and having all this attention brand was about to be going crazy. And he's good. I hope so. But like they were talking about like his contract because we can get drafted that late. Your contract can't be over certain amount. So I think he's definitely gonna be making less than a million when he was making, dang. I don wanna check the numbers, but He can make it up in brands though. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, he definitely has the popularity to make it up in brands. Yeah. But it's just funny how like nowadays you can make so much more money while you're in college than Right. Than when you're actually getting to the pros.


Right. But I, no, I wish him the best. I hope he cooks, he's likely to have a starting position I think because he just got rid of Deshaun Watson. So I really hope like he takes this and, and runs with it. He has a Jerry Judy as a receiver, He has to run with it doesn't he man. All y'all. All right, all right, all right. So taking it outside 'cause y'all I to take you outside to the streets and the tweet you for the tweet. We outside, we outside. We outside outside every other page or goal. I broke a story today. Ar Elijah Arenas speaking of sports and athletes. 'cause you were telling me he's like a really, I know him because he's Largo Van and Gilbert Arena's son. Yeah. But you were telling me how good of a athlete he is In my opinion.


I think he's the best basketball player's son. He was in the McDonald's all American game this year. Played very well. Him and his little brother are, are really good like becoming stars. I think he got, he's gonna USC, he got a scholarship to u play for USC next year. Right. So he was supposed to be like one of them ones like wow, everybody he has the most, I think between him and Cayenne are the best like basketball player sons in, in my opinion. So, well I I've been watching him and looking forward to him. So this dude was real tragic. He still has the potential to be one of the ones, honestly because I meant to ask you about that. But I'll, I'll let You finish here real quick. The story story that I broke today was that Elijah Arenas was released from the hospital and he is now resting comfortably under a close watch.


His journey to full recovery is just beginning, you know, his spirits remain strong and he is surrounded by love and support. Now this was a statement I received from a rep for the arenas and Govin family, which is, you know, his mom and his dad. And, and it just talks about how his family is preparing for the road ahead with faith and determination and they're committed to nurturing Elijah back to a hundred percent. He remains blessed, resilient and in high spirits. The family continues to ask for privacy during this time as they focus fully on Elijah's healing and wellbeing. They say they thank everyone for continued prayers and encouragement and the outpouring of support. Now when I tell you guys when I tweeted this, there was so many people responding and just like pe people really were praying for him. And I think, you know, you just never wanna see someone, you know, not be okay after something tragic.


But I think also too, with people attaching his career and the opportunity that he has because of how good he is, people were really praying that he was gonna be okay. And there were reports earlier this week we talked about on The Breakfast Club that, you know, he was walking, he was talking the n lation, the kind of, you know, he's still getting over that but I think he'll be able to get back to sports. Yeah. For I was meant to ask you from what you know so far, what's the extent it, his injuries 'cause mine just things that he was trapped in the vehicle and the smoke was just Yeah. Filling up his lungs. But there's no broken bones Or no broken bones, tendons, no broken bones or anything like that, that I know of. Okay. And that I, that I was told, but I don't know how the smoke inhalation will can mess with basketball because Like maybe lack of oxygen there, brain issues and stuff. I don't don't even know if there was, I I I don't know that.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, no, that's speculation. I'm guessing. Yeah, I don dunno, I I I think e eventually that will be a conversation that they're open to having. I think right now they just happy to have a baby back And I think right now because, you know, he's old enough where he can pick up his phone and get online. Yeah. And so can his friends, they might not wanna put that information out there yet. I don't know. You don't know what he has lined up? I I don't know that though. But that is something that I did ask. Yeah. And you know, I, I know that they can't wait to update on that because I'm sure he can't wait to figure that out either. Like what is it gonna be like now? And it's like, I didn't even think about it before. I just saw him as a good basketball player, but like how famous he could be. Now I'm obviously thinking about this from a media point of view and, and like brand deals because Of how big this story was. I live and his parents, like his mom is on the Real Housewives side of basketball Wise.


Was it basketball wise or Housewives? It, it was One of those shows I gotta be basketball wise because Getwood arenas and the dad is the, was a NBA superstar who has his own platform too. So like now that people are like putting together, there's gonna be a lot of eyes on him. So a hundred percent another young one that I hope really, you know, recovers and, and, and does great and makes it to league eventually, I think he will. Now I wanna read some of the, the comments that were super nice create to relate in my Instagram comment said all I needed to see was back to a a hundred percent. That's a blessing that let y'all know right there God is good. Somebody said, Walter Lily 6, 7, 8 said thank you Jesus. He's recovering and on the road to healing us in love and prayers for him and his family during this difficult time.


Someone else said, it's just a lot of God is good in amens. Yeah. Like all tragedy is sad, but it's something about knowing like somebody has such a bright future Yes. And when something happens to them, it really, it really messes people up A hundred percent. So thank God. Well y'all Yeah, yeah. Sending him some, I I'm honestly had just happy to see how everything ended And I know that he has a journey, but it's like the, the look and the, the sound of the accident and the reporting around it. Yeah. It sounded so, you know what Emini here? Yeah. What, what words were they, I asked you about a certain word. It was just like, it was just like a serious accident. Serious and severe in the beginning. Serious. 'cause they didn't know I think everything, but they just knew it was, it was a lot. Yeah. So yeah. So guys that has Emini here that, that's it. We, we got some sports, we got some exclusives. It's been a day. But Brandon, thank you for sticking it out with me today.


No Problem. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I tell you guys all the time, y'all could be anywhere with anybody you know, talking about these things because at the end of the day there is a lot to talk about. But you're right here with me And I appreciate you guys every single time you choose to come on back, keep coming on back, keep coming on back. I think we're getting bigger and better and you know, just filling out and getting voluptuous full times. That's to you. I'm not getting vol. This is the latest with Lauren La Rosa, I'm your host, Lauren La Rosa. And I will see you guys in my next episode.