
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of all podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her neck and sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this tap and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast festival.


Let's, Let's get, I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody You hear that exclusive, you Know if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren Came in. Hi. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren la and this is the latest with Lauren La, which is your daily dig into everything. Pop culture news breaking, exclusive, but for real, for real. The conversations that shake the room. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody we decided on a name gonna reveal it at the end of the episode. So y'all stay locked if, but y'all know how we start off Back on the grind, grinding With a little, you know, grinding check-in because it look, it gets a little real.


Patrick, we checking in. How you feeling? Let me get my regular voice song. 'cause last time you was cutting up and we just talk regular. All right, so dang, what am I feeling? I'm Feeling How you feeling today? I'm feeling accomplished. Accomplished. I like that you sit and you think about it. That I do like that. 'cause I feel like you're not just like throwing entrance back at me. You actually are thinking about how you feel real time you're saying it. Why do you feel accomplished, Patrick? Because I feel like I do have some doubters and just sticking with what my passion is and just, just kind of just moving forward with it. Taking all the punches and just moving forward and just staying with it.


And I think that's why I feel Accomplished and progressing and, and you know what? Emini here and seeing the growth yourself, I'm gonna tell you right now, the hate be hating. Okay? Like it be happening. And you know what's crazy is I feel like people have always said to me like, people want you to do well, but they don't want you to do better than them. And I ain't never, I ain't never felt that, but now I kind of see it's like, oh, okay. But I also feel like too, it's like when you come from that meme where it's like I was raised in love so I could never be a hater. I show too much love for you to be a hater, all of that, that like that, that, that should live with you when you think about your naysayers, your doubters and all of that. And for me, I don't really sit in that.


Like you might get me, I might be mad for a good like day or two, you know what I'm saying? But after that I'm like, okay, bet heard you. 'cause when you spin that block baby, it's gonna cost you, you, it is bust that u-turn, it's gonna cost you. Okay? Like that. That fuels me. It makes me get creative, it makes me, you know, it just, I don't know, it makes me up it. So I hope Patrick, that's how you feel and I'm happy that you feel accomplished because you're doing a great job and we are learning and doing in real time. But the beauty of that too has been we've been able to, you know, start showing our process in real time. And I think for young creators that are, you know, figuring this all out. My platform has always been about transparency.


It's always been about, yo, I don't got this all figured out. I'm, I'm moving, I'm grooving, I'm sticking and moving. I just happen to be good at what I do. So doors are opening, but when I get in those doors, a lot of times I'm having to like feel my way to the light switch. First time, first timer, I did did that with college. I'm doing it here with this, you know, podcast. I'm a new podcaster. So we just got the green light officially and, and kind of got our understanding of what our flow should be to be able to post videos the same day that the audio goes live, which is a game changer. Drop a bomb for the game Changers. Okay? So we are looking for a backup editor to help Patrick out. So if you're in the New York area, and yes, I know it can be done digitally, but I want someone here in New York.


I think because of how timely things need to be, how much content we're shooting, I need to be able to pull up on you and drop off a hard drive if we need to. Baby. I ain't trying to, you know what I'm saying? Like yeah, we are looking for that. But for me, I think I'm feeling, 'cause I know how I'm feeling, I can't put it into one word, but I'm feeling like I just got back to school all over again. Like I feel like I just walked into class homeroom for the first time freshman year, first day of school. And I don't know if you remember freshman year of high school, freshman year of college, that first day you feel so, like, your eyes are so open wide and it's like, oh my God, like you're ambitious, you're ready to go. Like you're, that's how I feel.


I feel that way because I think I've done some pretty cool interviews at this point we've done and we are doing and there's so much more to come, some really fun stuff. But I'm so big on like, I just wanna make sure, like I pray to God, like I literally pray that God keeps me like in a place of like focus. Because as the brand grows, there's gonna be a lot of all that fun stuff, a lot of the glitz and the glamor. But like for what I do, I have to like sit down, do the work. I I create newsroom hours for myself because I need to do the work. I need to call people, I need to watch what's going on, all that good stuff. So I'm feeling like I just checked back into school because I, I felt myself kind of getting too caught up in the brand, the brand, the brand, the brand and I'm, you know what I'm saying?


Boom, bring it on back baby. Okay. So that's how I'm feeling today. So I, I think we're both feeling really good feelings. Absolutely. Let's get on into some things today in the latest, you know, we have some updates, you know your girl love taking y'all to court, love to take y'all to court. So first on the docket, we have Diddy, to be honest with y'all, this is probably one of the most interesting updates that I've done on Diddy in some time and it's not really much of an update. So earlier today, reporter legal reporter Megan Kiff, I follow her on Twitter, you should as well. She tweeted a document from the court that explained how Brian Steele young thug's attorney and we talked about this was officially put on record in Diddy's case for Diddy's defense.


Now this, this is a big deal. When we talked about this last, I told you guys what, how big of a deal and how great this would be for a puff if this were to happen. Basically that means that a judge is saying Brian Steele has done everything admissions wise. So he's legally submitted everything he needed to submit to be able to show that he can come and stay the night over the attorney's homes in the southern district of New York. So it's called, it's something called Pro Hack Viche. And that just means that as a non like local attorney, he's gonna be able to work with the other local attorneys in Didi's case to help figure this whole thing out and to be able to represent Puff Big deal here because Brian still is damn good at what he does.


Okay? But when this document was posted by Megan Kiv earlier today, I was like, okay, well that's good, but like you could be put on record and he could still decide not to go forward. Money checks cannot clear, like there's a lot of things that can prevent you from officially being retained. So I reached out to a source close to this situation who was very familiar with all the inside workings of these things, who confirmed to me that Brian still has been officially retained. And when I say officially retained my, my next immediate question to them was, so is he already working with the attorneys? Like he's clocked in, they made it clear an attorney does not do all of this. And when they say all of this, they mean go through the process of getting cleared admissions wise.


So submitting the paperwork and having the conversations and the back and forth with the court so that the court can say, Hey, you're allowed to come on over here. Yeah, you can come over here, you can sit with us and hear are the rules when you sit with us. An attorney does not do that unless their plan is to get active the minute they first day outside get active. So I'm told that Brian still has already been strategizing with Puff's team since the moment he was cleared admissions wise. Now Puff does have a court case today, Friday in court, they're gonna be having a couple conversations. They're gonna be talking about whether his case is able to be pushed out two months or not. If not, he goes to court in a few weeks.


They're gonna be able to talk about, you know, this task he video and whether this video is gonna be able to be used in court as evidence or not. They're still hung up on that because what Puff's team is saying is that the video, they're still arguing that the video was like distorted. It was a edited version, you know, all of those things. Meanwhile, the prosecution is saying no, CNN had an original copy of this video, which is what we use. Puff's team is saying, well bring in a specialist, let's have someone go through and look at this video. So all of those things are gonna be talked about in court, right? So my next question was, well is Brian still gonna be in court on Friday? They could not answer that question for me, but I said Brian still does not show up to court because what I predict will happen is that Puff's team is gonna get granted more time.


So they'll get those two months to prepare their case and in preparing their case, Brian still will really hone in, get way more familiar and then he'll pop out after that period. I also predict that he's gonna kinda lead strategy within this, but I couldn't confirm that. I did try and confirm that and couldn't confirm that, but it, it would, it would make so much sense, especially after what we just saw him do with Young Thug. I also did too ask if, you know if there was any response from Puff, how is Diddy feeling about Brian Steele being brought onto this case? Did not get an answer to that, but I will have that answer for you guys. But I, I, I can say that I was told that the team themselves, you know, the full legal team is super excited and that Brian Steele after, you know, being briefed on everything kind of, you know, just, just a bit in order enough to know if he wanted to take the case or not.


He is very optimistic that Puff is gonna be a free man and that's a big statement. Now let's talk about predictions real quick. When it comes to what I think Brian Steele will lean in on and you know, what the strategy will be, but specifically for him, I think one of the things I mentioned this in the last episode will be the, the, you know, the no evidence presented, but I think the way that he's going to do it is instead of being like there's no evidence, there's no evidence, there's no evidence, it's gonna be like his rights were violated. He was put through A, B, C and D as a high profile man, a wealthy man, like you know what I'm saying?


And because of that, here's everything he lost, here's everything that was damaged and there was no evidence presented this whole time. I think Brian still is really good at making the, the, the people that he represents look like human beings. But I think that that's one of the things he's gonna try and do. I also think that he's gonna really hone in on this Cassie video. I think that he is going to, you know, just again make it a point of, okay we saw the video, my client has apologized but that has, he's not being charged for what we saw in this video. And I think Pop's attorneys tried to do that.


Mark Agno tried to do that in the beginning but he wasn't successful at it And I think it's because his approach in the court, it just wasn't strong. Like you didn't even believe him. And I also feel like Puff was advised wrong from the beginning on that video when it came to like him acting like it didn't happen. You know, the way that the apology was set up. So this will be a fresh start to build a different narrative around that video. Now don't get me wrong, that video is so disgusting. I don't know how it will happen but I think because of the attorney that I know Brian still to be, he's going to not try and minimalize what we see at all. He's gonna make sure that Puff knows, he needs to be very empathetic about what we see.


He's gonna make sure that the court understands that Diddy's teen understands what they saw and is also very empathetic to that because it did not come off that way. It came off as this man who was super powerful and super rich who does not care about anything and his team is following right behind him when it comes to that. Brian still is damn good but baby he got his work cut out for him. If he is able to clear Diddy in this case, this will probably be one of the biggest he got off since OJ Simpson. Let's talk about that online. Y'all tweet me about that Instagram, me about that, how do y'all feel? Next topic. Drake's legal team is using the biggest stage known period as their best witness in this whole defamation lawsuit against Universal Music Group.


So Drake filed a complaint a while back and just 24, maybe 48 hours ago, Drake amended that complaint. Drake points at the fact that this Super Bowl halftime where Kendrick Lamar performed was one of the most viewed halftime shows of all time with over 133 million people watching across platforms too. Television streaming, you know, anywhere you could get it, the people was eating it up. They called this Super Bowl performance an assassination of character of another artist. And and the reason why and how they're positioning it is actually really smart. I think Drake is onto something with this one.


I don't think it's gonna change the way people view him and his people think he's a whiny baby is giving light skin real quick. Like that's how people feel about this. I don't think it'll change that, but legally I think he's on something. So what are he saying is that, so what he's saying is that because Kendrick Lamar had to not say pedophile on the Super Bowl stage, there's no way that these brands involved cannot say that's defamatory. There are multiple brands like when you, when you make the decision to perform at the Super Bowl, there's a ton of different people who like help you decide things. This is something that has been happening with the Super Bowl for years and years and years where the week of almost, I believe it's the day of, they do run through of performances.


They check set lists, they, you know what Emini here, they wanna make sure that legally everything complies. So Drake's attorneys were really smart and basically saying, Hey wait, so y'all saying that this man can't say this on y'all stage, he can't put y'all in harm's way or in danger, but he can say it on a song. Kendrick Lamar can say this on the song and y'all gonna push it and y'all gonna promote it. And when we say to y'all that, oh you know, Drake's house was shot up and they're alleging that it was because of the song or when they mentioned Drake had to take his son outta school because he didn't feel like it was safe or he had to move his baby moms outta where she was staying because he didn't feel like it was saved. All of these things because of a song that claims something allegedly.


It's like, y'all don't know what I'm talking about. I'm just upset that I lost a rap battle. But I would go as far as to say even Kendrick Lamar, Kendrick Lamar made a very obvious choice not to say that he teased it, you really gonna do it, you really going like he knew, you know what I'm saying? But he didn't say the word. He didn't say the word pedophile. Everybody was tiptoeing because they didn't wanna end up in lawsuits. And I think what Drake's team is trying to say is, Hmm, I wonder why I think Drake is on or something with this one. But yes, so our next story, we still in court, I promise y'all that we almost off the docket. Okay, the updates are almost done, done, done.


Our third topic is Meg Thee stallion because Meg thee stallion wants to lanes to get in trouble again. Okay? Megan is not playing with Tory Lanes. I don't know if this is like a calculated, like eventually he's gonna run outta money for attorneys and can't fight back and he's just gonna sit down and be quiet soon. Or if, you know, legally they're just like Emini here, it's, it's her. She got one of the, the biggest baddest teams, you know what I'm saying? Like she coming out the Rock Nation gates and swinging. But yeah, she wants him to get in trouble again and I'm low-key, not mad at this one today I need to have a conversation with y'all about conduct in a deposition.


Okay? So a deposition is when you know you're sat down by attorneys from the opposing side. You know what Emini here. So the ops, their attorneys sit you down, y'all have a conversation, they ask you some questions because they're trying to get more information. The information that they get, a lot of it sometimes can be used as evidence, it can be used as a way for them to strategize. Like it's just you are laying everything out on the table. Y'all basically coming to each other as a woman, okay? With the receipts. So when that conversation happened with Tory Lanes and me, the stallion's attorneys, because me the stallion had asked for Torry Lane to be deposed while he's locked up, while he's still incarcerated in the lawsuit that she has against a blogger who she claims defamed her because this blogger was allegedly paid by T lanes to do so, the judge said, okay, he can be deposed, they can have the conversation.


But Baby Meg, the science team filed something that said when they got there and they started doing it, it was insane. They described Torry Lane's deposition as disruptive, inflammatory and inconsistent. They said in documents that it was so bad that even Torry Lane's counsel had to disavow the deposition. So e what they're saying is that even his legal counsel was like, yo bro, come on dog, you tripping. So because of this Meg's team was like, okay judge, we wanna put y'all on notice that this is what happened. We wasted our money, we wasted our time, and because we wasted our money and our time, he should be held in contempt of court. So let us know why we shouldn't feel like that and why we shouldn't move forward with pressing for that to happen from you guys, from the, from the judge, like from the court.


So the judge is like, okay, taking a look at it. Yeah, based on everything I'm seeing here, let's move forward with this. I I'm gonna allow for you guys to put this on record in the court. I'm gonna give Tory Lane some time. So Torry Lane has until April 30th, 2025. So a few weeks from now about like two weeks from now to come back and say no, I wasn't in contempt of court, here's what actually happened. But baby, one thing the court don't play about is you wasting their time, their money, their resources and you just being very like, do you know who I am? I could do what I want. They gonna make an example out of you every single time. Now I will say I have reached out to Tory Lane's team to see if there would be, you know, just any clarity on this from their side of it.


And I, And I was not provided anything. I did let them know that I was gonna be doing this podcast episode And I was gonna be talking about this And I would love to have presented both sides. But we don't know from Tory Lane's side what was said, what wasn't said at all. Now if Tory Lane's is found in contempt of court for, you know, these alleged actions today or these alleged, these alleged actions this week in the deposition, what will happen is, is make the science team wants Tory lanes to have to pay for their attorney, their attorney fees and basically like everything they had to come outta pocket to make this happen. They like tore you owe us money, run us our coin, no wooden Nichols run us our coin and then they're gonna come back and do it again. And the second time though, they're not gonna have her team deposing him.


They're like, let's get a special master of the court special master. I looked it up 'cause I'm like, what is a special master of the court? But I figured it was like, kind of like a, a mediator, which it is basically a special master of the court is an appointed neutral party. It's often an attorney or retired judge who assist a judge with specific tasks in a case such as resolving different disputes, gathering evidence or making recommendations. They are essentially a judge's helper who can perform tasks that would rather otherwise overburden a judge. So this is just a person that can come in a neutral party. So that way, you know, if, if Tori felt like you know, what he was being asked or the conversation that was happening was very one-sided or whatever, whatever made him respond to what they're alleging he did, this neutral party is basically supposed to make it where he don't feel like that and he don't go through that again because this person has no ties to either person.


So hopefully second time's a charm. What will we take away from this episode? Lauren? It's a lot of information to download y'all. I know, but I think, you know, you could take away that Things Are Moving, but for me, one of the things that I've been feeling because Things Are Moving and we talked about this in a live interview with Charlamagne, make sure you go check that out on the YouTube channel. I keep plugging it because it is such a good convo is just the pivot, the art of the pivot and when Things Are Moving like this, you know, just how it feels and what you remember and what you tell yourself. And for me, what I've been telling myself is, Lauren, never stop talking to your younger self. Never stop talking to your younger self Lauren.


Because the minute you stop talking to your younger self, you are going to tap out of that like innocent. I really wanna, you know, do the work. I wanna do good work, I wanna do good, period. Like don't let these things taint you because they will you for the tweets. We outside, we outside. We outside, outside And I tweet every other page are go, I tweeted out, what conversations are you having with your younger self right now? And y'all went off, we almost had like a hundred thousand views on this tweet. So the each hero said, my younger self never imagined I'd be here. I would tell her to enjoy life more, let life flow and to trust her intuition and she'll be fine baby. I have that conversation with myself all the time.


Like if I could only tell my younger self girl, baby girl, baby girl, like girl like you, like baby girl. Like what? Y'all know what I'm saying? Especially the black girls listening. It's like I don't gotta say much, y'all just understand what I'm saying. 'cause y'all know we speak through like, through like feeling another person tweeted And I thought that this one I was like, wow man, it's just opinion said, explaining to my younger self that the choices my mom made weren't poor. After all the choices made were guided through the experience of addiction.


It's okay to forgive those traumas experience because she couldn't help herself, let alone me. That was deep. Jen, Liz Kean said the conversation that she's having with her younger self right now is you did everything you said you were going to do. Put that anxiety, put that in. You did everything you said you were going to do. Put that anxiety to the back and relax. We are doing cartwheels in the park now, baby. I felt that on a spiritual level, bringing the church temple rings in a shouting music it Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh y'all, when I tell y'all I felt that like, I think when you are ambitious and you know you want certain things for yourself and you've been exposed to more, I think you get so like, oh my God, am I doing this right?


Am I this? Am I that? Is it gonna work out? Is it gonna, but but it's like, now looking back, I would tell my younger self and, and today I still talk to my younger self. Just, I said stay motivated, but I talk to my younger self just about forgiving myself for not understanding that I was hurt all along and like I had what it took all along. I think that like you cosplay, right? Like you do good things and and people hype you up and people, you know, the people around you love you and they fill you up. Like I was raised in so much love, I never felt anything else but that. So I never felt inadequate And I never operated from a space of inadequacy. But there were times where I was like, man, if this don't work, then what?


And I told y'all at the beginning of the episode, 'cause we still in the streets, in the tweets, we still in the streets in the tweets right now. I told y'all that we had decided on the name for you guys, the community that watches us, that listens to us daily here at the latest with Lauren La Rosa. And we have decided drum roll please, The Lowriders. So shout out to y'all, the Lowriders, make sure you comment Lowrider. If you're watching this on YouTube, tweet me, Instagram me if you're a low rider, if you're, you know, listening to this as you driving or whatever you doing, let me know that you, you with the gang, you with the mob. What was they thinking?


They can't play with us all 20, 25 and beyond. I really appreciate you guys for tuning in. I tell y'all this every episode because I truly mean it. At the end of the day. There is always a lot to talk about and you could be anywhere with anybody. You choose to be right here with me to talk about it. So I appreciate you guys. I'm Lauren la this has been the latest with Lauren La. I am the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody bringing you all the good. Good. I'll see you guys in the next episode.