
Listen to me, this is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford. And then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy, and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also Stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th,


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the list of Trump executive orders that affected people from DEI to birthright citizenship to ICE. Coming and taking people. Yeah, The Mass Deportation, the dismantling of DEI, you know, the potential federal hiring freeze Emini here. Tariffs, you know. And so, you know, we just opening up the phone lines to see how things have impacted people. You know, Jess is already concerned about the price of wigs potentially. Excuse me, You're stupid hair. No, I'm not. No I'm not. Okay. It affects my mother and other people who have been in childcare administration.


My mom has been taking care of kids and she has a childhood preschool and has had one for 30 years coming up. And a lot of her money comes from, you know, federal government, federal government, you know, like the, the food program. She gets checks to feed the kids, you know, and then all of her parents, they are using vouchers or scholarship of some sort. You know what, Emini here. So A potential federal hiring freeze could shut her Down. Absolutely. Absolutely. And it will, people are already starting to be affected by it, you know, so, And you see the dismantling of DEI programs, you see people losing jobs. You know, when you got these mass deportations, like I know people who, you know, jobs have got ran up in, you know, what Emini here or their parents' jobs have gotten ran up in, you know, I know family members, I know families who literally have had to leave because, you know, one person in the household was, was undocumented and now they gotta go and the kids gotta go.


It's like it, it's real out here. Yeah, Yeah. You know, growing up in New York, of course you're surrounded by immigrants, right? You're surrounded by people that want you Are one born here. True. This guy crazy. Yeah. You sayre surrounded by, surrounded by like he not one the person Surrounding. I'm not, I actually was born here. My parents were too. But you're surrounded by immigrants that, you know, they, their kids were born here, but their parents not. And now many of of my friends and the people that I know, they're fearful that their parents could be, you know, taken back and parents could be, you know, taken by ice. 'cause there's no rules, there's no regulations. They just know that ice is on the street grabbing immigrants. So people are nervous, people are scared. Are you an anchor baby? My parents were born here, sir. My grandparents were born here. Yeah. And I was born here.


Sir, prove It. Lemme see your certification. I saying with ice. Come and snatch you up. That's gonna be crazy. I'm scared to take my daughter outside to this day. I'm like, Jesus. Damn. Yes, for real. They might think I'm hovering one of them. Chris Is. Chris is legal though, right? Yeah, he is. But Molly, She ain't say that confidently. She Look like she, nah, see she more questioned than her father. And people would be like, oh, where you get that baby from? And if I just got her by myself, I look like a nanny. Not it is. I don't know. It's crazy. But For the people who don't know, your baby daddy is Mexican? Yes. Yes. Half Mexican. Yes, half Mexican. His mom straight, straight up Mexican is Father Blake. So.


And my daughter, she looks straight Mexican like, oh my God. I think you should stop saying it. You might get a knock. What part? Hello? You stupid. Let's go, let's Go to the Full lines. You might get a knock. Just, Hey. Crazy. I'm scared. Hello. Who's this? This is Dr. Allen. Hey Dr. Allen. Where you calling from? I'm from seven five, but I'm in Indianapolis now. Okay. How, how have Trump's executive orders impacted you thus far? Absolutely. So I am a director for diversity and culture and inclusion for engineering research centers. So through the National Science Foundation, they pretty much stopped all of me.


My, my ability to spend money. I built programs like EV programs for high school students. They told me I could not take no more students to Washington DC for, and we had an upcoming conference for them to present their research. Wow. I have about $300,000 in funding that I can no longer touch because I work in DEI. They told me literally I couldn't just spend no money. 'cause the pro my proposal said I was working with marginalized students. And that is discrimination by another name. When you're saying that I can't work with students 'cause they're from marginalized backgrounds, but I, if it was a white student, I can go ahead and proceed with my work this discrimination by another name. And so I have about, I have another about $5 million in additional funding that I have, that I have sent in there for review that I can't, that they just problemize just going to throw out now.


And these are, this is money that's going to our students, our low income students, our underrepresented students, to make sure that we get skills and help our students continue to grow, go to colleges, get scholarships, and we can no longer touch that money. They are literally trying to prevent us from growing our communities and be able to do things that we need to do. All because they don't want us to be as successful as we could be. And it is very sickening. And I, How do we combat that? How do we combat it? How do we combat it? Or can we, Well, a few things, a few things that we have to do is we have to put pressure on our elected officials. The Democrats have to be able to stop, get off they fingers and actually do something. This should not be a, a, a, a process for them to be able to discriminate by another name.


There should be some type of lawsuit that are letting say, Hey, you all have not, does not have not developed any criteria for what is considered DEI. You all are just looking for anything that says black or brown, underrepresented, marginalized, low income. And that is discriminate. There needs to be some folks that are doing something in the legal arena that be folks are doing something in the political arena. And we also need to start thinking about how do we make sure that we are not hamstrung the next time one of these oligarchs or somebody comes in and wants to take over power like this. We need to be able to make sure that we're self-sufficient, sustainable and, and, and figure out ways in which you can do that. I totally agree, man. You know, the, the ill part about it is there are, you know, guardrails and tools that Democrats can use.


But you know, we just keep getting all these statements about norms and faith in institutions. Bro, them institutions are done. Okay. These people are playing by a different set of rules. They need to figure it out. Well, let's open up the phone lines again. We're taking some more calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about the list of Trump's executive orders. How has this affected you so far? Call us up right now, Mr. Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the lists of Trump's executive orders and how it's affecting people already from DEI to the Dismantling, the dismantling of DEI programs, you know?


Yeah. So many things we've discussed in the last couple of days, so there's a lot of people on the line. So let's go right to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Laquita. Hey Laquita. Good morning. How has Trump's executive orders affected you so far? Good morning you guys. I'm here in the 7 5 7, and as you guys know, it's a large military community And I am a federal government employee. And as you guys know, like that email went out last week basically asking us, do you wanna resign and, and keep your, you know, your benefits keep your pay until September. So a lot of people are freaking out about that. I also know a lot of people that have gotten final job offers, but if they have a start date after the 8th of February, they've had to rescind that job offer.


So a lot of people have made plans based on these job offers and they're not able to accept them. And they don't know when, you know, they are gonna be able to even, you know, if that job will still be available when this hiring freezes up. So it's, it's a little stressful out here and there's no guarantees. A lot of schedules have changed Emini here. It's a lot of agencies don't know what's gonna be the final like, period, end all be all. But you know, there's a lot of nervous energy out here, especially with a lot of federal agencies in the Hampton Roads region. Thank you for calling Queen. Yeah, thank you for calling Mama. Hello, who's this? Sha P Sha.


Good morning. How are you? How has it affected you? I'm good. How are you expecting me? Because like, I have a childcare assistance subsidy assistance application and right now that's pending that possibly may not be approved because I have a toddler and I'm a full-time working mom And I need childcare assistance is a possibly, I won't get it. Yeah, Yeah. So Sorry for see I see I'm, I'm, I'm glad we're having this conversation, man. Thank you. Because you know, you see all of these things on these on the news and you know, you see Trump doing all these executive orders like these, these stuff is impacting average everyday regular working class folks. Like we're all being impacted by this in some way, shape, or form.


Or we know somebody who is. Let's go. There's a lot of people on the line. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello, who's this? This is Rob coming out of Somerville, South Carolina. 8, 4 3. What's up Somerville? How, How? Good morning Rob. How Trump executive order is impacting you in in South Carolina right now? Man. Oh man. I live in a pretty upcoming neighborhood of, you know, being built up and drive at Nexus. Quiet. You said What? You live in Nexus, Somerville. Can Bay be Specific K Bay? Yeah. And driving through the neighborhood is quiet. The workers aren't really there and I'm just imagining what the conversations with all these builders are about getting houses out to people because they're not being built and they're not paying for American labor.


So I'm wondering like, what's the conversation, how's that gonna be affecting the market with people that's already expensive enough to buy a house? Damn. So you Say it's quiet, they then deported everybody. Huh? There ain't no construction or nothing. Jesus, no nails banging on the roof. Nothing. Just quiet Man. You drove by the Home Depot. Oh My God. They're not hanging out up front no more With y'all, man. We gonna finish all this construction. We just gonna be sitting in Real question. That's crazy. That's what I'm wondering. Thank you brother. Let's go. Another caller. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Good morning. They deported him just that fast now. His name is, oh my God. Who's this was Julio. They're Driving off with him right now.


Hello. Who's this? Hey. Yo, imagine. Hi, good morning. This is calling from Fort Lauderdale. Good morning Erica. How are you? We're talking about Trump's executive orders. How has it affected you at all? Emini here, honestly guys, let's be real women numbers. Don't America voted for Trump? I don't understand. Now why did everybody so up at uproar about what's going on when they were multiple times over and over the Biden administration let us know about 2025. Nobody didn't care. I don't know why Is everybody at a uproar now? We one Ma'am, ma'am.


Not long numbers. Don't Ma'am. You're absolutely right. But what that got to do with his executive orders impacting people? It was accepted. It was forthcoming. Yes. But there's nothing you can do about it if you voted him in office. But have but have they impacted you? What? Have what? That's the question. You at this point, I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you, right? Now's prayer, do ITM 90, onem 23, Tom 1 21 and, and and what God, everything that's going on right now. Alright, thank you mama. What is She saying? She gonna be Basically saying y'all did it to yourselves. That's what she said. Y'all, y'all voted for him and she didn't answer the question.


She basically just said that y'all did it to your, what was she Quoting by descriptions? Yes. She on way somewhere too. Exactly. I ain't even understand. I'm like, Oh Lord. And I understand what she's saying, but that's not the question we're asking. The question we're asking is how has his executive orders impacted people? Because you know, what I would like to start hearing is solutions. You know, like, I would like to start hearing, you know, how we can combat some of these things. Yeah. But how can we, right, because he's the president, he put these orders into play. This is his house right now. Right. But is there, so He's Doing things. So how do we, how do we stop that? How do we defend that? How do we combat that? Yeah. How is there any way like something can happen locally? Like, 'cause even with my mom saying, you know, she, well, with my mom being affected, you know, and then the caller who just called up and said like, they're gonna cut her childcare benefit, she's a full-time working mom.


Like, is there something we can do? Like the mayors, the governors, like, you know, I know he signed these orders, but there's no way, like, can we tackle it locally? There's Tools and, and, and guardrails that these people have at their disposable disposal to try to slow down some of this stuff. But, you know, they gotta have the, the, the, the, the strength to use them. Mm. You know, the Democrats are a party of cowards. They're leaderless. Right? Right. Now, you know what Emini here, but they are, they are guardrails in place. All right, well we, we gotta, This is gonna be a never ending conversation by the way. Y'all do know that, right? Yeah. But that's why It just feels weird because when you look at Biden and him being in office in the last four years and what he's done, and then you look at Trump being so aggressive and doing everything that he wanted to do and not apologizing for it and just doing it.


Basically saying, I told y'all what I was gonna do. If you don't like it middle finger. And then you look at the last four years and look at Biden was just so nice. And just trying to be the the nice guy. Just, it just really makes you upset, you know? Yeah, For sure. All right. Well is there a moral to the story at All? The moral to the story is this is gonna be a never ending conversation, but that's what The Breakfast Club is here for. The Breakfast Club is here to have those conversations. Okay. And we'll bring in people way smarter than us to tell us what these guardrails are and what these tools are, what these tools are that they can use to try to slow some of this stuff down. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my years stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bose Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So getting a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It could take you back to the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids quickly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on what your kids are spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Try Greenlight risk free today at greenlight.com/iheart.