
What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was peering in each window of our home.


I'm Gabe Leonards from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Leonard's Entertainment. Listen to Obscura Invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough.


Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt.


I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes.


But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Dr. La Santos and to welcome the New Year, my podcast, the Happiness Lab, is releasing a series of happiness, how to guides to help you.


In 2025, I'll distill the wisdom of world class experts into easy to digest, actionable tips. You'll learn how to handle relationships, how to be inspiring, how to find your purpose, the Happiness Lab's, how two seasons starts. January 1st, listen on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app, search for the Happiness Lab and start listing. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Angela Yee, Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests joining us this morning. We have Miss Tta Wallace. Welcome. Good morning. Good morning, good morning, good morning.


Good morning. Good morning. And we also have our good friend Wayne, sitting in the background way said he was about to leave, but he ain't going nowhere. Wayne ain't about There Go nowhere. What's up brother? I'm blessed. I'm blessed and be a blessing. Yeah, man. It's a very special thing happening this weekend, the 2020 Rock and Roll Hall Of Fame Induction and the late great Christopher Wallace, the notorious BIG, will be inducted into the 2020 Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. That's great. That's that's an amazing thing. So what does that mean to you? How do you, how do you feel about that? Well, for me, as a mother, of course, I'm very, very happy about it. I'm elated about it. I'm thrilled. I'm only sorry it's not here.


Yeah. To be a part of it, it's sad that, you know, most of these honorary honor honors are going to people who are not here. Right. You know? But I'm sure he would be thrilled. And for that reason, I am thrilled myself. Wayne, what does it mean to you? I, I gotta ask you the same question. What does it mean to you? You know what? It's, it's, it's, it's kind of one of those bittersweet things. I'm on it, I'm, it, it's, he's never been able to experience what we've experienced from his fans.


Right, right. The accolades came after his passing. Right. He was on the cusp of doing so much. So it's bittersweet for me from that standpoint, but I think it's extremely well deserved. And I'm thankful to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for, you know, saying, acknowledging him for his music and his art. And, you know, it's been a, a hard fought fight over these last, you know what I'm saying, 23, 4 years. So yeah, this is it. It means a lot. And, and I'm blessed and I'm thankful and grateful that we were able to experience this And More specifically that Ms. Wallace was able to be here to witness it. Absolutely. Ms. Wallace, how does it feel that Biggie is celebrated so much, like even to this day in Brooklyn, there's murals of Biggie everywhere.


Every single restaurant you go into, there's a painting hanging up, hanging up of Christopher Wallace on the wall. He has his own street and everything. How does that feel for you? A very proud mother. Very proud mother. Sad. Sometimes when I see things that brought tears to my eyes, once again, as I said, he's not here to see these things. And I'm gonna be honest with you, my son is being acknowledged in so many entities, so many avenues, so many programs. Everywhere you turn, there's a biggie.


There's a notorious, there's this, I never knew, And I can honestly say I never knew that my son was that. I'm gonna use the word famous. I never knew because I'm not a rap mother. You know, I don't know anything about brand music I've learned over the years. Right. You know, what it is and how to appreciate it now. I appreciate it. I really, really do. I appreciate the young men who are trying, you know, who've done it.


But that wasn't me. 'cause even today I'm trying to listen to some of the words. What, what did he say? Or, Right. You know, when he spoke of a Jose, I thought he was talking about hallway. I don't, I don know, but now I know what it is. Now let me ask a question now, with, with Pepsi just released a unreleased freestyle from Big right now, are there other unreleased records and verses that, that you guys might know of or something like that? 'cause this was a surprise. This was so long ago. It's like, wow, there might be some, some verses that's still lingering around.


Yes, it is. People are holding onto some of those, those, those jewels. We just gotta get ahold of it. But most of what the actual state controls and, and, and has actually access to is, it is what it is. It's, you know what I'm saying? It's been exploited. It's been out there. This Pepsi commercial has been, you know what I'm saying, in the works from 97 when it was done. Wow. The deal just couldn't get done. Then he passed and then it just kind of went away and enough just continued to fight to make sure that, you know what I'm saying, that it stayed relevant. And the connection with Rob Stone over the cornerstone, him and his team are the ones that brought it back to Lightstone.


You know what I'm saying? And at one one point, we couldn't find that tape. Mm Oh wow. At one point we couldn't find it. Where did y'all find it? Was it a Mr. C's house? Was it at at puff's crib? Like where was that, where was that tape at? Think Enough had a copy of it. Yeah. And I think that, that's why it sounds so choppy. You know what I'm saying? It was, it's not digitized or anything along those lines. So it is the actual raw file. So Dope. Ms. Wallace and Wayne, you know, as a fan, you know, we sit around and we debate in the barbershops when we at the house, we talk about the what if, you know. So I always wonder for the family, how tough are the what ifs When you ask yourself, what if he was here, what if he did this?


How, how tough are the what ifs for the family? I can't tell about the family, but I can, I can speak about me. What if he was here? Maybe I would strangle him. Maybe I would strangle him because, you know, some of the, the, the, some of his associates I still wanna strangle though. But, you know, there's a lot of what ifs. And I, I know he would be a happy guy. I know I would be a, a happy mother because he was a, he was a good kid. He was a nice, nice person.


We fought a lot, you know, but the makeup was so beautiful. There's so much apologies behind it. And he, you know, his explanation, he made me understand what he's trying to do, what he was trying to say. I, I still can't take the profanity, still can't. I listen to his music. I listen to his music And I say, Jehovah, please help me. You know, so the what ifs maybe would be still fighting, but he would still be my best friend. Yeah. What about you, Wayne? The what ifs for me is more, I think that he would've elevated the culture, hip hop in in general.


He just had a way of, of bringing the best out of people, forcing him to kind of step up just from a lyrical standpoint, musically. And I think given the dynamics of where we are from a technology standpoint, because he was so in tune with everything around him, and always ahead of the curve, that he would've been delving into things that kind of opened himself up to allow himself to be what these diets have become today. Like the Jays and the Puffs. But from his perspective in his way, and you know what I'm saying, from my standpoint, I think that that in itself is the what if. That always haunts me. If you'll, Hmm, Absolutely.


I love when I hear people with their really good and fond memories, people who knew Biggie and worked with him. I was just talking to Met man, and he was talking about how he first got introduced to Biggie and how they ended up working together and everything. So what are some of your favorite stories to hear about your son? There's a variety of them. They're always loving ones, you know, and they, they always spoke about His Generosity, his kindness, his patience, and him wanting to help to make everyone better.


You know, he wants everyone to have something. He wasn't the kind of guy who wants to keep it for himself. He was a sharer. He likes to share. And the respect that he had for even the friend, the, their mothers, you know, they went all out. You know, Ms. Wallace, you know, he did this for me And I did, did that for me. Things that I never knew. Did you know that he helped me here and he helped me there? I know it's in his heart. I know that kindness was there, but I've never experienced it. But knowing he wasn't here, and to hear them say, oh, Ms. Wallace, did, you know, in that shop, he bought me that chair in the barber shop.


He bought me that chair. Wow. Did you know he paid my rent for two months? Wow. You know, that, that was very touching. Wow. That Was very, very touching for me. Wayne, do you have any stories you can share in front of Ms. Wallace? Any fun stories, A lot of different things that story point wise that you can get into? Wow, He's really thinking of a PG story. You to think of a PG story, Trying to think of something that I, you know what I'm saying?


Like, ugh. But most of the stories that I have are, are generally related to justice humor, right. Emini here. Remember being in a dice game with him one day in the hallway of Daddy's house. And you know what? Emini here, it was a bunch of brothers up in there, but you know, we are not on the snitch game. So at the end of the day, he lost, and when he lost, he was mad Emini here. Oh my goodness. He was so mad. And at the end of the day, he put me up in the corner and say, yo, yo, you know what I'm saying? I need to hold something because I need to come back. Right. So I told him, no, no.


What do you mean no? Ain't I the one paying you with, ain't I the one paying you? So I gave when needed. Exactly. I Gave it to you. You gotta point, you got a point. Big end Of story. I'm saying. I gave away, he did it. He did not win. And then told me that I still gotta give him some more money so he can go ahead and eat. Hilarious. Bus, Bus moves. Did you ever get the money back? He always had this way of bossing up on you. It just, you know, big was a very humorous guy, but I called him a gentle giant. You know what, Emini here, he had this big heart, took care of everybody and, and never ever wave it.


It just, who he was. Ms. Wallace, even before he became, became a rapper, did all the women love him around the neighborhood? Like, did he always, My telephone bill, all these, what do you call him? His honeys. Honeys. So Honeys, so many honeys were calling that house. I told him, look, honey, you gotta get your own phone. Emini here. Everyone you could think of, I, I could tell you a story. One, one morning I was in my bedroom And I heard someone, I told this story already, and the person said, well, excuse my language this early in the morning, I am not going to be your second bitch.


Whoa. So I'm listening, listening, listening. And then after the, she was gone, I said, come here. I heard the conversation. Second honey, after she, she doesn't know, she's a about the fifth. So what do you do after something like that? Ms. Wallace? Do you, do you hand them, because I grew up Jehovah Witness. Did you, do you hand them a watchtower or an awake and say, read this? Oh, it's been all over the house. All Over. I don't Have to there on the sofa.


He was on his pillow. He was on the dining room table. He was all Sofa. That's what my mom used to do to me. When I used to get in trouble. It would always be a watchtower based on whatever the subject was that was in trouble for. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Wow. Second honey, that's not the second. That's about the fifth. Wayne, I got a question. How mu how much of your, your love of hip hop died with big Wow? Honestly, none. Actually. What died with big for me was the purity of hip hop.


Right. What he represented as far as the purity is concerned, but hip hop, it's, it's in me. It's just, it's just who I am. It's what, you know what I'm saying I grew up in, but in terms of dying with him, it's definitely the purity. I don't think that that has been sustained. You, you know what, with some, some states, you know, they, they're a very fickle, when they sign off on music, how are you guys with signing off on music? Do you pretty much say, you know what, we, we allow it? Or is it like, no, I gotta hear where it's going. I gotta hear the song. I gotta hear what they're talking about. Like, how do you decide if you're gonna sign off or not? Is it something like, you know, Ms. Wallace says No too much profanity.


I'm not signing off on that. You know, how does it work? Well, it's two ways. One, she does say that a lot. Okay. But it is hip hop and you know what I'm saying? You have to make her understand the business of it. Once you make her understand the business of it, then she's, okay, I'm okay with it. You can go ahead and approve it. There's nothing that's come out in the last 23 years that has not been approved by Ms. Wallace. Her ears have touched everything. Everything has touched her ears. She's in every element of the business. So from that standpoint, you know what I'm saying, I think that it lends us the opportunity to have the sensibilities to do good business. So for me, I know what works and what doesn't.


I know what she wouldn't want done and what she would want done. So there are a lot of records that came through over the years And I was like, absolutely not one. Either the record was straight whack, or the business wasn't right. They was selling something that we knew would be detrimental to the brand. Gotcha. I think you know what, Emini here. So for us it's always about the legacy and it's always about assuring that we stay true to what he would do.


Gotcha. Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else, something much more ominous that appears under the cover of Night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road, or look like Mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute it was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The more better the merrier title of your podcast. All Your old Brooklyn Nine, nine Friends are appearing on your favorite podcast. More better. Don't miss Brooklyn Nine, nine Stars and show hosts Stephanie Beatrice and Melissa Ro as they welcome their friends and former castmates. Back to laugh about old times and swap some stories. This week, it's Gina tti herself, the talented Chelsea Peretti. Remember when we were in that scene where you guys were just supposed to hug And I was standing there? Yeah. I was like, can I also hug them? Then next week, the nine nine Nonsense continues as the More Better Amigos. Sit down with Joe La Trulio, AKA Detective Charles Boyle. There'll be more, laughs more conversation, more stories from the set And More, more better. Don't miss a minute.


You Felt safe enough to fill out a bad idea, right? Yeah. Emini here, that is the key because you're definitely not throwing out good ideas all the time. Emini here. That's just not how it works. Listen to More Better with Stephanie and Melissa on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jay Shetty. My latest episode is with financial expert Scott Galloway. If You are doing a lot of side hustles, it's very, very difficult to be great at your main hustle. The only way you're gonna build real wealth and economic security is to go all in on one thing that is greatness focus. None of this matters. None of it means a thing if you can't have deep and meaningful relationships. Scott Is a professor of marketing at NYU Stern School of Business. He's a bestselling author. He has earned a massive following through his lectures, podcasts, and YouTube channel. Scott Galloway, How do we rewire our relationship with money? Because most of us have a stressful relationship with money. You Wanna be good at money, put down the facade and start talking to people about their investments, how much money they make, what they do with their money, how they save money. What I tell young people is you can have it all. You just can't have it all at once. Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Close as we could. Gotcha. Is it hard to watch like the unsolved stories that come on and the series and stuff like that that they've done on? Yes. Oh yes. But we it's not done yet. We're still fighting. You know, it's, it's still there. Right. You know, we, we are not, I'm not gonna give up. And I I'm sure when, when it comes to cj, he wants justice also. And also his daughter, Tiana. She's asking you about how, how you feel when you watching Unsolved Mysteries? No, No. Like the, the, the thing that Wavy was in the Oh, unsolved. Okay. On what was that? Be honest with you. I watched it and there's some things that went on.


I knew about it. I told him I wasn't gonna be a part of it, but I watched it and I'm glad it was out. I am glad because 98% of it is a truth. Wow. Wow. That, that's one of those things that, that we didn't approve of as a matter of fact. Oh wow. Turned out to be good. But it, the way that they went about it was tacky. Right. They didn't come and, and, and ask for permission. They just put it out there. Just went on and do it. You know what I'm saying? At the end of the day. And I think that was something that was detrimental to the family at that point, but it did turn out to be a good show.


So it paid off for them. Of course. But at the end of the day, you know, it, it is what it is. But that's one of those things to, to the point that you asked as far as the question. I seen something the other day. Go ahead Ms. Wallace. I'm sorry. No, I said, oh, I lost my train of thought. I lost my train of thought. Was it 'cause of Envy's Beard? Stop it Now. I was gonna say, I seen something the other day and it kind of bothered me. It was a, an apartment or a condo or maybe even it was a home and they was selling in New Jersey and it was selling it based off of big living there. What's the name of the street?


Elliot Court. I don't remember the name of it, but they were saying this apartment, they were selling, this was the house of BIG come by the house and they were selling it based off of that. And I was like, is that legal? Can you do that? Must Have been in Teaneck. It was in Teaneck. Yeah. I think it was in Teaneck. Yeah. It's very possible. Five court. Huh? You talk five Elliot Court. That that's what it was. Yep. Five Elliot Court. That's the real estate man. He knows what Yeah, he knows People do that all the time. They'll be like, this person used to live here. You know, they do the same thing in in, in in, in Brooklyn and St. James. They do the same thing with the Crown. Right? Yeah. You know, same Thing. Oh, I saw that, that crown did get auctioned off. Right?


Yeah. Almost other, supposedly. That's crazy. How, how, how hard is it to heal when, when you see, you know, a big, big everywhere like even this weekend with the induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame or, you know, the, the, the biopics that they always do, the documentaries. Like how hard is it to heal when, when with all of that? It saddens me every time. Every time I see things like that Emini here I'm gonna be watching the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. I've seen, you know, clips of it and it touched, it touched me, you know, I cried when, when I got the, the, the rough cut, especially at the end, I really tears.


I was going all over the place. Mm. So every time I see things like that, it, it seems like yesterday he was here And I was talking to him. So it really saddens me. I'm glad it's out there and I'm, you know, I'm glad everybody's doing what they're doing. I just want them to do it fairly and, you know, with, with taste. Absolutely. I I, I'm, I'm very, I'm, I'm, I'm by it. What about you Wayne? Emini here, I, I become numb to it. Right. That's not good though. Well, Emini here. When, when I say I, I've healed is What I'm saying. Okay.


So I've become numb to, to, to the nuances of what that represents. Right. Because it represents something different to me because inward I know where I am and I know that from a healing standpoint, I'm, I'm, I'm tapped in, in a different way. Right. So I'm cool with that. I think that the thing that bothers me is the disrespect that comes with it. Right. We got people out here that's promoting parties and, and doing things along those lines or creating opportunities and campaigns for themselves, but aren't giving back to the foundation. Mm. Never giving back to the kids. Mm. For me it's always been about the kids. Right. And Ms. Wallace.


So from that standpoint, it's like when you're doing that and that level of disrespect, nah, I'm cool. I passed on that. So I kind of detached myself from the emotion so that we can get into the business of it all. And that's when I get on my thing. Gotcha. What happened with that crown getting auctioned off? Where does that money go? I know it was like a photographer or somebody who had it. Sure. It goes to him. I wish he would donate something to the foundation That would make a lot of sense. Sense, sense, sense. Because that went for a lot. Yeah. It went for a lot. Yeah. Baron's a good guy. Baron, clin boy. And we do have a great relationship with him. Do a lot of business with him. Have done a lot of business over the years. I do see him as the kind of brother that will reach out and he has reached out.


We just have to talk about what that would look like. But I don't want anybody to think for a second that the man is not out there thinking about things from the a state standpoint or from the family standpoint. Because in the years that I've known him and the years that we've been doing the business with him, he's always been that guy. Gotcha. You know, when, when you say that you, you are healed, just going back to the healing thing is, does healing mean? You know, his, his his death is something that you accept. Healing for me is not only acceptance, charlamagne healing to me is, is fortifying oneself. Right. At the end of the day, we are all born to die.


Right. It's about how you live your life that matters. Right. And for me, I live my life upright and on a square surrounded by a circle. So as far as I'm concerned, my inner self, I know how to heal Wayne, if that makes sense. Right. And in healing me, I can comfort others. Gotcha. You know what, Emini here. So I've accepted death in a different way. 'cause I've dealt with so much death from childhood to, to manhood. So at the end of the day, it's not something that I'm afraid of. It's not something that I'm afraid to discuss. It's not mentally challenging, it's not emotionally challenging. I'm, I'm content, I'm balanced in my life.


What about you, Ms. Wallace? Is, is this something that you've accepted his death? It was hard. And because I know death is final and for him it's final. I accept it. But there are little avenues, little criticism, corners of his death that I cannot And I will not accept. And I'm saying that because I'm a true Christian, because what's right is right.


What's fair is fair. Murder is wrong, badness is wrong. I cannot accept that. Those are, those are things that I know I can't accept. But the fact that he's not here, I have accepted that I have accepted the fact that his, his, his children are here. I love them dearly, but the fact that he's not here to see them grow into the, the woman and the man that they are, it's hard for me to accept what happened to him because they took that away.


And that's sometimes hurts. So, do I accept his death? Yes, I do. But the way it happened, nah. Do you ever feel like you get signs that he's still watching over you? Oh, honey, death is final. He's not watching me. Juan is watching. I know somebody's watching me because if he wasn't watching and guiding me, I wouldn't be here today. Mm. But as far as Christopher is concerned, oh honey, he's asleep in death. Mm. Deep sleep. And I'm looking forward, forward just seeing him again in the near future.


Have, have, have, have either one of you like seen him in a dream or had Had Oh, I've talked him many times. Okay. Many times. Laughing, laughing, laughing, laughing. His little comedic self and, you know, quarreling to, yeah. I've, I've, I've jumped him many times. What about you, Wayne? I actually speak to him daily. I, I speak to my ancestors a lot. And so doing kind of embraced him into the family in that way. So he's a part of my daily conversations.


When, when, when you think about it, Wayne, 'cause you know, whenever you see, like when his birthday comes around, you like, dang biggie would've been, you know, late forties. Like when you think about it, do you realize how young y'all were? You know what's crazy? Yes. I do. It, it kind of, 25 years is a long time. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying. And so much has happened, so much has gone on. You know, so much has been missed. So much has been Reiss so much. It's just so much about life. Just that happens in that time period that you lose sight of the fact that you're getting older as long as you're staying true to who you are.


Right. So with that said, absolutely. I look at it And I'm like, wow, I can't believe that. I think at that time I was 25. Wow. Wow. 25, 26. Yeah. By then it's, it's, it's crazy. And I'm a little older than them. Did you even understand the magnitude of what y'all was doing back then? I, no. Absolutely not. You know, and, and and from my experience in, in, in, in the business looking back, I, it's almost like I, I, you know how you had that, that that mirror effect where you wanna look back at life and see what you would've done different and the reasons why there's nothing that I would've done different, but knowing what I know now, I understand how much wrong we did because of abuse.


Right. We were too young to be able to really, really embrace and understand what to do with all that. We had. The nineties was the greatest moment, you know what I'm saying? In, in my young life, right. As a young man. The nineties was, it, there has been nothing since that catapulted that energy for me. Right. The youth today, they're different. I respect them for who they are and what they're doing. No different than what we did back in the day, but the nineties was just something different. It was just special. It was, that's the most tragic thing about the whole situation when you think about how young Tupac and Biggie were and it was just simple, youthful mistakes.


Not realizing the power of your tongue, not realizing your influence. Right. You know, just, just a little bit of age and experience would've, would've, would've changed. Changed the perspective of, of either one of them. And you know, another thing too, to that point, charlamagne it, it's crazy because if you think about it, us being young, we had elders, but our elders weren't that much older. Yeah. I was blessed to come up under a totally different regime. Gene Griffin, you know what I'm saying? Harvey Austin. Those are individuals that was managing Teddy and you know what I'm saying? I'm working with him and, and Rex and effect at the time. So I was taught by men how to be a man in this business. Right. And even though I was young, I had the understanding 'cause of what I've seen, of what I did not want to do.


If that makes sense. Wow. So one of the things that I think that was always missing for us in our culture is the fact that we didn't have elders on us. Really, really holding us down. Right. In a, in a, in a vast way. Yes, you had individual pockets of individuals, but you didn't have a group of, of grown ass men saying, Hey, slow that down, shorty. This is what you need to be doing. Pay attention to this, think about this. We didn't have that. So we had to learn it on our own. Everything was through experience. Absolutely. Well, we look forward to seeing this Saturday on HBO 8:00 PM the 2020 induction, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.


And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Thank you so much. Yes. Spread Love is the Brooklyn way. Indeed, indeed. Always love. Thank You so much. Thank you Ms. Wallace, all Wayne, Mr. Wallace, Wayne Bow, thank you so much. Guys, What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown?


I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcast.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't Wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Dr. Laurie Santos and to welcome the new Year, my podcast, the Happiness Lab is releasing a series of happiness, how to guides to help you. In 2025, I'll distill the wisdom of world class experts into easy to digest actionable tips. You'll learn how to handle relationships, how to be inspiring, how to find your purpose, the happening slabs. How to season starts January 1st, listen on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app, search for the Happiness Lab and start listing.