
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Piece Of the planet Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm one very dangerous obstacle. Looms large, unique is alive. Unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched to upend the lives of the Thomas family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars In the Stars app.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Angela Yee. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got special guests in the Building. Columbia, south Carolina's home. Angie Stone 8 0 3. That rhymes. I like that. How are you? I'm good. I can't complain. You know I've been blessed for a long time. 40 Plus years in this business. Yeah. You already know. Yeah. People, I don't think people realize that. Angie's one of the pioneers of rap, the sequence, your first Female hip female went to go gold. Yeah. The first female group period. To do an original rap record. To do a rap record that garnered The World.


We had our neighborhood rappers, we had our New York City rappers, but Sequin was the world's rappers. And I think people get it. Twisted Funk, funk it up was the song. Right? Funk you up. Funk you up. See you got that mixed up with Bruno Mars. I ain't gonna go there though. He say, Didn't he sample it? Well what he did did an interpolation of it. Oh. You know, like when he did it up, what did he down? Funk it up. We going uptown, funk it funk you right on up. We gonna funk you. Right. The same thing you gotta pay. We getting paid no attention right now, but guess what? It's all great. Oh my Gosh. You never thought of suing? Yeah. Well my attorney went in and we tried to do some stuff and of course because it's three group members and I've been doing my thing for a minute, it kind of pulled the the seams at who's, who's with who and who's down with who.


And I Just say, you know what, let it rest. Because we're getting a lot of negative slack. 'cause a lot of people that don't know about the sequence or that song, we getting a lot of negative slack. 'cause they're like, that don't sound nothing like it. I'm like, they don't understand. Right. The interpolation process and how, you know, the reason we were upset because Bruno admitted that he, it was influenced by the sequence. Wow. And he he did that on Instagram and then somebody snatched it down. Right. And people do interpolations so they don't, they don't sample. So then they, well, Dr. Dre did keep his heads ringing. That was a direct rip from funk you up. They they did Emini here. We wrote the song. We wrote the melody, wrote the ch We added singing to hop and now everybody's doing it.


It's okay. And I think it's wrong for them to try to overlook us. 'cause we're from South Carolina. That's right. Emini here. What'd that go with? Right. Nothing. So y'all didn't get paid from Dr. Dream either? Yes, we did get paid from It. Okay. Okay. Okay. They did the right thing and And Bruno admitted it. Well, we Had, he admitted it. He Had kept that poster up. Boy, you'd got Paid. But you know, it's still there. Everything that's been on the internet. Well That's always there. The the beauty of it is they admitted it. But the minute the elephant is brought out of the closet, everybody runs because nobody wants to be labeled a thief. And we didn't say that. I'm very honored And I got my girl blinded from the sequence here. Just up back up. Snoop was so Excited to see y'all. Snoop was so excited to See y'all. He lost his mind. Well, you know, Snoop, I've worked with Snoop. He did. I wanna thank you along with me and Jazzy Fay back in the day.


But he wants me to work with his daughter and he wants to work with my son. So we, we have a kindred spirit. And la hip hop was reminiscent to sequence, funk, the whole funk era. So I just think overall people need to respect the fact that it is what it is. Yeah. So both of your children are doing music? Pardon me? Both of your children are doing music? Yes. All right. I guess it's in the blood. Like there was no getting around it. Well, both my kids' fathers I, I, I was with of course, you know, I was with DeAngelo and then before that I was with Little Rodney C from the funky four plus one more. So my daughter sings and my son raps.


It kind of went this way. Do you think, I think that you should be getting credit as a pioneer and female rap. Of course. Like, I don't think, didn't y'all go gold? We went gold. We were the first group to go gold sell 12 inch records. Yeah. That means 12 inch records along with the Sugar Hill gang. Toured The World pretty much. We never get the recognition. And of course, you know, that's probably platinum 10 times over by now. Yeah. But we don't get the recognition. 'cause I think the New Yorkers got a little salty because, you know, we made it out. The starting gates Emini here. It's like a race, a marathon race. You doing the four 40 relay, you pass the pound, whoever end up at the finish line. Hey, it's fair game word. You know what, nobody knows the story.


'cause Well, I'm a New Yorker and as, as as deep in Miami as in hip hop, maybe. I know I can, I Had no clue. Clue. You know, I really had no, I had no clue. What fun you up? No, I knew Fun you up. But I didn't know that sequence. The sequence was the first group that pretty much go gold as a girl of women's. But, but who did you think went gold first? Salt And pepper. Salt and pepper. Ooh. And we were 10, what, 10, 15 years before them. There used to be a thing, you probably wouldn't know this either. In cash box called Cash Box and Billboard. If you do your research, it's there. We were the first female group, hip hop group, period to make cash box. And Rolling Stone just did a big article on us because a lot of people that were back then, they knew why they getting any attention.


And you know, I just think it's sad because a lot of the females hip hoppers And I, trust me, I love them all. Big respect, props. But Lauren Hill loves Andrew Stone because it's reminiscent to what she did. Right. With Fuji, her group. Yeah. Rap sing. And that's what we did. And you guys are all still cool with each other. Yeah. That's good. So it was never like a falling out with the group broke up. Who with sequin. Oh no. You know, you, you, you girl group, you have your, you have your rat pack moments. But we are sisters. Right. And at the end of the day, we love each other. We look out for each other. We got each other. We don't always agree. Of course not Emini here, Emini here. Nobody always agrees. But I decided to leave the group early on because I moved to New York.


I, I learned a lot of stuff about songwriting. I was a songwriter and a brother named Craig Ry, who used to be with the Sugar Hill clique said, you need to get out and go to New York. You're adventurous, blah, blah, blah. And I moved to New York And I learned a lot of stuff. Well, let's, let's talk, I, I wanna start because this is a history lesson for, for a lot of myself. Yeah. So you signed to Sugar Hill Gang. How did you get signed? How did the, how did you, first of all, how did you get into hip hop? How did you get signed and how did you get your deal? Because it wasn't like before. Where it now, where it's internet, it is tv. There's playing hip hop radio wasn't playing hip hop back then. Right. So how did you get into it? Especially coming from Columbia. Yeah. Coming from Columbia, South Carolina. We was 16, 17, 18 years old.


We had a group that was doing rap back then. King Tim third was out. And we wrote a song called Fun You Up, I think Sylvia Robinson came to South Carolina. It was the first leg of the first Sugar Hill game tour. Game Tour. Okay. The first show, the first city we happened to be in the concert, the role manager from Sugar Hill gang saw me and thought I was just pretty chocolate chick. Hey, come backstage. Right. And so I said, well I, if you let me in, you gotta let my friends in. That's right. So we all came in, got backstage. Sylvia was backstage. We was literally on the stage and we said, Hey, we rap.


And she said, well, let me hear what you got right There On the side of the stage. On the side of the stage. And we went, funk you right on up. We're gonna funk you right up. Right on up. And she flipped. She said, oh my God. Oh my God. The next thing I know, we were sitting in the dressing room giving out phone numbers. She says, I'm gonna make you Girl star. Yes. Now we had already been a group Emini here and you know, being a cheerleader s Johnson riding cheers and creating stuff like that was what we did. And she called us the very next week. Wow. Blew us to New Jersey off hour. You know, we was talent show bound doing everything that everybody did, but just in South Carolina.


And we cut the record, funk you up and a couple of weeks later, I think it three weeks, the record went gold in three. Dang. Wow. So was it a fed deal or was they, they, did they take advantage of y'all? Of Course they took advantage. Yeah. There no fan deal. That good? Did you have a lawyer? Have a lawyer, you have a lawyer manager. Well, We did have a lawyer, but he was a South Carolina lawyer, so Let's go. We Thought we were doing the right thing, but Right. He tried. You know, one thing I've learned in life is you have to have experience. Yes. Sylvia Robinson. I give her mad props because quite contrary to what a lot of people think, you know, when you're the first at anything, you're gonna make mistakes.


So I I, I lean heavily to that because she did something phenomenal that turned out to be great for a lot of people. But you had to have some crash test dummies. Right. What has the stand power been like? Like transitioning from a hip hop artist to a RB trio to a legendary soul singer? Like and writer. Yeah, writer. Well, I tell you the, the blessing for me, a massage And I think out the box, one of the things I always hated was when I saw groups that were from the fifties and sixties in the seventies and eighties, still in the same uniform doing a old hit. I said, I never want that be me.


So what I did was I learned to be a chameleon And I wanted to change with the times. So what I did was I kept myself around fresh hotness. And I learned everything in life is a learning process. The moment we think we know everything, we absolutely know nothing. That's right. So I, I learned to be a chameleon and change with the times. And so the staying power has been number one, my faith is unshakeable in Christ. I love the Lord. And that's my rock and my salvation. So I decided when, when the music changed, you changed too. But you can't stray too far away from who you are, what you Right. But it seems like you be authentic. You're such a great singer that it's like, I can't see you ever doing anything other.


I can't believe you even used to rap. Well, the beauty of that was when we got discovered as rappers, the one, the first question I asked Sylvie Robinson is Ms. Robinson, is it okay if I sing too? Because I wanted to put a hook, you know, I wanted to sing. So when you say that, hey, you didn't, no, there I was begging to do that because I knew one day in life I wanted to sing from the church. So Emini here, I, I love rap, but I can sing too. So can, can we combine the two? And she was so excited about the rap. She said, oh honey, do what you want to do. Wow. And that, that, that is what kind of set the segue up for me to make the transition from after being 30 years old, you wanna transition from hip hop to hooray. So I just went ahead and started singing and, you know, kind of juggling.


Now when I did my deal with Arista, the one reason you don't know a lot about the hip hop is one of the things that Clive Davis and Peter Edge wanted to do was say, okay, look, we don't wanna date you. I'm like, I'm still young. What? Talking about, well, we don't wanna talk about all that stuff at Sugar Hill. So we kind of gag ordered me not to talk about, So they wanted to start just a brand new artist coming out. Start there. Right, right. Got you. And because I'm a singer now and they wanna focus on that and I'm like, I don't have a, a telescope into the future not knowing what it was gonna be, how it was gonna be. All I know is I'm in this game for survival. Right. Gotcha. So what happens when people recognize you?


You pull up to the radio station, you're like, Hey, Oh, I rap on stage all the Time. Okay, okay, Okay. Yeah. Right. She just wasn't talking about it in interviews. Like, I couldn't talk about it in interviews. It's not that I didn't want to, I never heard of anything like that, that they put a gag on it. I didn't even know, Well I'm using that word gag, but when your boss tells you it was A gag order, it was gag on. So Who taught you how to make the music? Like how to do a 16 and do a hook and all that? 'cause you said you was there. I self-taught. Wow. When I, I I was hungry. I was thirsty, I was ambitious. And I went, I started, it is like now I'm developing film and, you know, reality shows and stuff. It is having that bug to say, I'm, I'm a rubber band. You can stretch me, but I won't pop.


I'm gonna always do me. So, you know, the, you know, being a rapper is a life lesson for me. But it hurts when you've put over 40 years in the game and the people that are now eating off of the foundation that you created don't look back and say, yo, thank you. Good looking out. That's why Snoop shows us love. That's why Dr. Dre and 'em show us love the people in LA embrace us. Because yo, you can say, hey Mc, like and say Yo, hey, it's because of y'all that we are doing this. She thanked me. Yoyo thanked me. We got a show, our first show coming up with Mc Light and Salt and Pepper.


Wow. Angie Stone. I said, oh, you know, I got bring girls. We can't just go like that Rod in Philly. So that's coming up and I'm excited about that. Now You said what About any of the new artists? I'm sorry? Has any of the new artists thanked you? City girls ain't never thank y'all. No, They don't know. Yeah. They Expect how Expect didn't know that's All. But, but, but, but I, I promise you they will know because I'm actually getting ready to do we working on a biopsy. That's what I was gonna ask. And I saw you said Ja, is Jamie Fox working on that too? Or was that, You know, Jamie And I work, Jamie wants to do another film with me, but Ralph Fwa, who I'm working with, who did Hollywood Husbands on the, on the biopic.


And we are gonna have to cross all these lanes. So I'm very excited about my journey and my career, my life coming from hip hop through neo soul all the way up through my vertical hold days and just having a bird's eye view. Like I'm gonna, I'm gonna blow your mind. You ready for this? One of the things that I can't wait for The World to see is hip hop was in the Bronx before it ever came downtown. It was something in the Bronx. It was myself and Little Rodney c that introduced hip hop to downtown. We did the first party of the show in the club that was called the Roxy.


It used to be a skating ring. Yeah. We made it into the club. It was Andre Harrell myself with the sequence, the funky four plus one more African vanta. This was a show that my money paid for, made the flyers for put together. And henceforth hip hop moved from uptown to downtown single handedly. And it never changed. Madonna used to serve as drinks at Danceteria. Wow. That's how real it gets Danceteria. So I can't Danceteria Dance Terria. Okay. That was a club that she was a waitress at. How do you remember her? Because she served me drinks. Wow. And you remember like you you she had that type of Presence. She she was a waitress. Yeah, I was a performer there. Wow. Well she, did she say, you know, I'm an aspiring singer also?


No, she didn't have to say that she was working. She was just, You know, sometimes people will do that. They'll be Like, but, but I'm just giving you, shed a little light on some stuff. Because a lot of people, when they disrespect the sequence, they disrespect the culture of hip hop because they don't even know how they got from uptown to downtown. And when you overlook the fact that, hey, little Rodney c Angie b booked this show paid everybody for the show. And henceforth the wild style movie, FAP Phi Freddy, he'll tell you. All these people know. So when you overlook that, you overlook a movement. It's not just about the one song fuck you up. You have to look at the legacy of what hip hop really stood for back then and the sacrifices that were made.


And I can't wait for the story To be Yeah. When I think of like Sugar Hill Gang, I'm like, there's no reason for anybody to ever mention Sugar Hill Records and not mention sequence. Thank you. Yeah. I don't understand why we were The Sugar Hill girl. They called us that, but we wrote all their hits. Yeah. Apache, y'all wrote for the guys too. Did you hear what I Just say? Yes ma'am. Yeah. Apache eighth Wonder. Oh wow. All those songs we wrote those songs. Really? We were the West Street mob that nest dance. I know you got the fever. That's the sequence. Were y'all getting paid? Yeah. Good money or just No. Okay. Little something. Is the movie gonna be, do you know where it's going to be? Is it gonna be on like a, like a BET series or is it gonna be in the It will be, it will be.


It won't be just one episode. It'll be a series. Emini series. That's what we're working on. 'cause it, it spans too far. Talking about 1979 up until today. Dang. Wow. And then, and just releasing the album. That's already my single dropped. And it went straight to number two. Full Circle baby. You know. So my, my, it's a reason for everything. And I think God preserved this time for us to get the story right. So, you know, what, What advice would you give to this musical generation? Because when I hear you talk, I'm saying to myself, man, it's almost like you always gotta constantly tell people what it is you do. 'cause if not, they will forget. Well, they will forget Emini here because the, the unfortunately, the, the masterminds are the powers that The World is constantly changing.


It's up to you to decide how to respond,


choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Charlamagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit stars original series Raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


I'm Hunter host of Hunting for answers on the Black Effect podcast network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. There are several ways we can all do better at protecting black women. My contribution is shining a light on our missing sisters and amplifying their disregarded stories. Stories like Tamika Anderson. As she drove toward Galvez. She was in contact with several people talking on the phone as she made her way to what should have been a routine transaction. But Tamika never bought the car and she never returned home that day. One podcast, one mission, save our girls. Join the search as we explore the chilling cases of missing and murdered black women and girls. Listen to hunting for answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst. As he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend and Santi was gone. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew of, obviously. Mm. Pillow talk the most unwelcome window into the human psyche. Follow our out of his element hero as he engages in a series of ill-conceived investigative hookups. Mama always used to say God gave me gumption and place of a gag reflex.


And as I was about to learn, no amount of showering can wash your hands of a bad


hookup. Now take a big whiff my bra. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app. Apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows


Be, in my opinion, have taken the love and the genuineness out of the livelihood of being, you know, an artist back when you had to work and enjoy touring. And you know, a lot of that stuff has been kind of cut out 'cause it's like a fast track now to success. And I, a lot of people are consumed with money Back then, we were having fun. You know, when you did a block party, you had fun. Right? You know what Emini here when you went to the skating room and you bounced rock, say you had fun. Now it's all business, business, business. And at the end of the day, so my advice to anybody doing this, man, take your time.


It's like going through school. You wanna be a senior so bad, but the minute you graduate, you And I wish I was back in. Yeah. So it's that. You gotta take it serious though. 'cause a lot of times we didn't look at business and we had fun. You absolutely right. And, and somebody else ate and we didn't. Guess what? That's me all day. But I'm still here to tell you that's me. But I'm here to tell you that I wouldn't change a thing because I had a great time. I had a great time. And sometimes you can't compromise the monetary value of it. Right. For, you know, my daughter gave me a penny that had a hole and said, don't be so busy making a living that you forget to make a life. A life.


That's right. You know? Right. So I love let's talk about your children. Yes. And their respective father. So what was your f your daughter's father. Right? Did you guys ever think you were gonna end up together, get married, any of that? Who that? Is that DeAngelo? No. Okay. My daughter's father is little Rodney C from the funky four plus one more. Did I ever think I fell in love with him. He was a good person. Still is a good person. He was a Leo. We were compatible. You're very into science. You're like, I'm Asad. He's a Yeah. Yeah. Because I, you know, energy when we hooked up, he, when he came to Sugar Hill was, I, I think after we had been on a couple of tours, Sylvia signed the funky four plus one more.


The young man that I was dating prior to becoming a celebrity died a tragic accident in high school. So I was in mourning when we dropped Funky Up. I was really grieving and touring. He came along with the group. We had so much fun, just clicked. And I got pregnant with my daughter. And of course from the Bible belt. I at that point realized, oh my God, I can't be pregnant. I can't be pregnant. And I have a husband. So my mindset, the way I was taught back then was you can't have a baby outta wedlock. Gotta get married, Gotta get married. So I got married for that reason. Not because I didn't love him 'cause I did.


But you wasn't ready. I'm, I'm an only child. So my mom and dad was gonna ring my neck if I didn't Just Right. You were trying to do the right thing. I was trying to do the right Thing. How old were you at the Time? 23. Wow. Emini here. That, that shows how much respect we have for Our parents and, and Oh yeah. Yeah. God. Because we absolutely, so at that point we did get married. We did get married. It didn't last long because it wasn't right. But at the end of the day, we did good business together because I have to shout him out as the person that taught me the ropes in the industry. Yeah. He, you know, he was a part of Sugar Hill. Sugar Hill didn't like him. They didn't agree with him because he didn't take no mess. Right. And it was like, you ain't finna take me to London and pay me the same thing I made in New York.


So, you know, I started to learn the ropes to the game. I moved to New York because of that. And that's why I credit him for that because after learning what I learned about the industry, I could shape my life up a little different. So Then you had the highly publicized relationship with DeAngelo And I told you I used to work for DeAngelo. So I was around like, when all of that was happening and you guys used to work together. Well I, you know what, without giving a lot away, I was with DeAngelo four or five years prior to him becoming the Brown Sugar man. So a lot of people don't know that. They just think it just was an overnight thing that happened. It wasn't that way. We were together for quite a while and by the time we fell in love with each other, it, it wasn't anybody's business.


'cause nobody was checking for him. There wasn't no blogs and all that stuff. No, it wasn't all that stuff going on. We, by that time we were head over. He was in love. He was like, what you gonna do? So, you know, you can't just start picking and plucking people apart because Oh, somebody gets a hit record. Because I think 10, 15 years prior to that bunk you up had dropped. I was already there. I was with Vertical Hole. I was already in the game as a celebrity. So by the time he was discovered, I was there already. Right. And so I was more of an asset than, you know, the way they try to make it look because at this point, like if you take somebody who you're trying to get in the game and say, Hey, I need you to hook up.


It's like right now, anybody connected to Beyonce gonna win. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, so if you're winning, you wanna put people that you want to win with winning people. And, And I think that's where they kind of, I'm gonna use the word tick, you know, 'cause the tick sucks the blood out of a situation. And I think the industry, the, the conglomerate of people kind of used that situation kind of. But You was already like a couple, couple solo albums in by the time you got with him. Right? One, One. I had just done my first. I was with Vertical Hole when I got with him. Okay. I wasn't even in my solo career yet. When did you guys fall in love? Because like you said, you had known him before Brown Sugar and everything. You Knew him before Abs No, I, when I, before you guys knew him, I knew him, but it was just, it was chemistry.


We worked in the studio and as we were working, it just, you know, the same magic you heard that was being created was something that was being created that, that creator created. I, I didn't do that. I didn't go, oh, oh my God, I want you. No, it was never that. I remember working for his management team and they didn't like the fact that he was having a baby. 'cause they felt like it would take away from him as this sexy, But you can't control God. Right. That I didn't make the baby by myself. He didn't make the baby by himself. You know, when people get, when that happens, it happens. You don't plan it. You don't, you know, you can't say, oh, tonight I'm gonna have a baby.


You just don't do that. That's part. But you damn Sure know What happens. That's a part of God's plan. But you know, I'm sure a lot of people don't like ris EL got married, but you can't stop his world. But They were so mad. But I'm just making a point. People, you know, can't Dictate your Life. You can't dictate what happens. And they might not have liked him having a baby. How did they know he didn't want a baby? It might was something he wanted. No, absolutely. And my thing is, I think that people read way too much into, again, dollars and cents. Right. That all he was a check for them. Absolutely. What about your label? How'd your label feel you got for, How did the relationship end? Why did it go left or left? Let See if I tell you'll let you won.


Watch the movie. Yes. Yes. You'll, we wanna see it play Out. Gonna see it it, anyway, we read Bobby Brown's book and we watched his movie. No. Just for the sake of being, being cool. It's really about me. It's like anything, you put too much pressure on a situation. You take somebody who is again, thirsty, hungry to be successful. And I don't know what they said behind closed doors. I don't know what they did. I don't know how they pushed buttons. I can only tell you a lot of stuff was done. But it wasn't a normal, it hurt us both to break up. Gotcha. And, And I can honestly tell you that it affected us and it still affects my life, his life, my son's life.


It's still those kind of moves hurt people. And at the end of the day, you're not happy because at at, at the core it's not what you want. So The industry broke y'all up? I can't say that. Yeah. I can't say that without telling the story. Really going into, yeah. You know what, but Emini here, you, you, you could be able to tell me. I don know. You should be able to tell me. Do you think we broke up on all, do you think We broke? I know you didn't. Okay. So how, how'd the label feel when you got pregnant? Your label? They can't dictate my life because I'm a woman. It's like Lauren Hill, she did z y'all can't tell me I'm a woman. So at, should I not have children because I have a record?


Or should, you know, you have to look at life and say, should I put everything that God has intended for me on hold to accommodate the people that are leaches? Right. No. If you want what I got, you gotta take all of me. And that's just it. So yes, I had two children and if I could have had 10 children, I would, I was an only child. So I loved big family kids. Right. Would been like, I'm sorry. I did put myself on hold so that I wouldn't have all these babies because, you know, I wanted to work. I wanted to have a life. Was it hard co-parenting with, with DeAngelo? It's hard co-parenting with anybody if you're not married. Mm. Especially y'all. Y'all both on tour all the time. Schedule's crazy. All of us.


Like I said, both my children's fathers are in the entertainment business. And it's harder for anybody who is not living together every day to co-parent if you're both traveling. So at the end of the day, my husband is God. Mm. And the reason I say that is because that's who helped me sustain the life with my children. Was there ever a time that you were disenchanted with this music business, having been in at such a young age and said, I don't wanna do this anymore? Absolutely. Absolutely. I've quit four or five times and people go, no, we need you. We need you, we need you. So yes, disenchanted is the right word. I think because I see the good, the bad and the ugly.


And because a lot of people that are in the, you know, the, the fans don't see the perimeter and we see the perimeter. It makes you say you have to pick and choose how you're gonna use your gift. So I choose to use my gift in, in lyrics and in positive messages and real messages so that the people that are listening from a heart space get it. So I can't really be consumed with, oh they not, they're not recognizing me. Oh, they're not doing this. That because they didn't gimme the gift. Right? Mm. And what happened with your daughter? You got an incident with your daughter. I know that was, was Publicized. Everybody have incidents with their daughter. We go through it. We, we All right.


That's my daughter, but y'all good. The, the, the, the beautiful thing is when we were raised and, and, and, and he could tell you this from South, our parents didn't play Mm. With us. Okay. I used to get a straighten call and throw straight across the room at me or a shoe or boot, Anything, whatever your mama could Grab what they could grab. So the reality is we were raised in a certain way and disrespect is not tolerated. That's the fabric of who I am now. My daughter and my son, they can wear me out. I'm gonna still throw something at you if you make me mad because that's not how we do.


She have kids of her own now. And I have to give between her, Hey wait. But it's called family. And the only reason it gets magnified to the 10th power is because inquiry minds want to know if I didn't have a name that wouldn't care. So, and but my daughter's my, that's my heart. Yep. And when you get beat as a kid, when you get older and you know, the objects don't work no more. And you think you can raise up on your daddy what you wanna do. Exactly. Your daughter raises up on her mama, put them hands up, then lemme see where you at. Oh yeah. 'cause you can't, you can't come at me wanna fight me like a street person. And I, And I just get the bell. Oh, that ain't gonna work.


Oh, we, we, we, we, we, we we pulling up Now that's, now that's my baby. She, you know, but y'all good Now. Always. So you think about making timeless music, right? Because you have songs that you've done so long ago that today still are relevant and still people could listen to it like it's brand new. But that's what I was talking about. You know, you have to know your purpose. And that's what I meant when I said creating music that meets the mind of people that it touches. Because, you know, when we are gifted with certain things, we are gifted for a purpose. And when we make ourselves more important than the purpose, we lose the gift. So I had to make sure that I didn't get consumed with everything that everybody else worries about in terms of, oh, you ain't working like a lot.


I've never been invited to Black Girls Rock. No, Man, I'm shocked at That. Never. Wow. Come on now. But I love Black Girls Rock because Black Girls Rock. Come on now. That's just ridiculous. But I'm just saying, if I let little stuff like that stop me from rocking as a black girl, then I've lost the Purpose. I'm about to hit Connie right now. That ain't Even right. I'm gonna tell Beverly Bond. Yeah. Tell Beverly Bond for real, Man. But I, I, I'm only saying that because a lot of people come to me, you come to Black Dress. I say, oh really? No, they haven't invited me. So that's crazy. I would never insert myself. But we gonna change that. This goes back to the way the industry shapes the situation because of another situation.


Well, let's talk about some other things. That's crazy because you are developing reality shows, but you've also been on reality television, right? R and b divas. Yes. And so what was your experience like? Because they did, it wasn't what I thought it was gonna be or what you thought it was gonna be. Right. We and Angie Stones gonna come in. She's the voice of reason. She's the person that's going to, Well, that's what they hired me for. When I, when just the backstory to r and b Divas when before the show was created, I had created a show similar. So the same guy, Phil, who put the second show together, was a person that I was working with to develop a show. So same idea Faith had I had and Nicki.


And when they called me and said, yeah, well we can all do it together, said, okay, I thought I was gonna be a producer on that. And then when we addressed it, they said, well, we've already done contracts, we've done da. I said, okay, well I won't bother. I let go. I walked back because I realized it's crazy, Right? So the second season I got a call from TV one and they said, Hey look, these girls are fighting too much. They're doing this, they're doing that. Angie, you, you know, we all love you. We respect you. We need you to get in here and try to smooth things out. So I said, okay, that's easy enough for me. So my purpose for being a part of this show was to make them focus on who they were as singers.


Even though they had the cat fight stuff going on. I, my job was just to try to smooth it over. Let's do some music. Well, of course it's reality TV And I learned this the hard way. They turned that thing all the way around and like, who you think you were and blah, blah, blah. And I'm like, that's hell, I'm old enough to know the difference. Still young enough to make a difference. You need to chill, learn something. Okay. So it really ticked me off because even though they didn't know the ins and outs of my being there to smooth things out, they used to get upset when I say, well, let's sing something. Look, I'm trying to help y'all stay relevant. Let's sing something. People need to hear your voices in this capacity.


But they, I think underneath it all, they trying to figure out why she's still doing this. And I sang better than her and I'm not here and I'm not there. And I think that was the problem. They became a little bit envious of the fact that, well, who she thinks she's, I was their biggest threat. And as a result I said, you know, I don't want no parts of this. Yeah. So you walked off during a reunion? I walked off because once they started to started manipulate and, you know, I was not comfortable with the lies of touring. And I'm like, look, I can't let you guys destroy my brand. I I've been doing this almost 40 years at this point.


So I'm not willing throw my entire life away because you need five minutes of fame. So y'all got this, I'm good over here. They were even trying to say that your husband slept with My Husband Emini here. Your boyfriend at the time or manager slept with somebody from the staff. You know what I I, I really don't wanna address that because he's fighting for his life right now. So I kind of don't wanna go there. That's a very good friend of mine that had some wonderful times with, and yes, there's been a lot of rumors about a lot of things. And if you saw the show then you saw it was very uncomfortable, very for us.


But again, manipulative and, you know, he just had a very, very bad motorcycle accident. Okay. And been been down for We'll pray for him. Thank you. I don't want to go there. Why'd you name the new album Full Circle? Well, that's a great question. I dictate the success of my album based on the title. When I did Mahogany Soul, I went into this whole mahogany vibe and Baruch lipstick and all this. Because I think that a song or a title of a song dictates the strength of it. Full Circle. I'm at a place where I've seen this industry do this, go around around, it's the same old thing.


And I wanted to get back to Angie Stone, the one that when I started out, when I did Mahogany. So when I did Black Diamond, I wanted to say, okay, I've tried all these other things, let me go back to me. And Full Circle is the complete circle of, in my opinion, well I've come Full Circle And I know who I am. I know whose I am. I know what I, I've survived. Right? If I walked away today, I can say I am a survivor. And Full Circle dictates that at the end of, so the fact that we've got five stars outta five stars on everything across the border on this album proves that, you know, stand power, whether it's 79 or 2019, it's who you are. Right. You know what your purpose is.


So I'm Good. You know what I noticed too about music? Sometimes when we go through the most tragic things, that's when the best songs Yes. Come out of it. Do you feel like that's true for you? I do. You know, just about two months ago I was fighting for my life. And when a lot of people don't know this, but when the album dropped, I was just getting back to myself. And I realized at that point, you know what I'm saying? Now it's time to just make a life, enjoy this thing again, get back to the, to the place where music matters. 'cause I think at some point it's so much mess going on that music doesn't matter anymore.


And I wanted to make some music that mattered. And this is the time in my life where I'm at. My, my greatest. I think I've walked a, a powerful journey, right? That t-shirt that she has on since is, it's, it's about me and the men in my life. These are all the people that I ever did do that with. And I've worked with almost every one of the artists of our generation in our time. I see Legends on there, I see Prince, I see Stevie Wonder, I see Ray, Stevie Snoop. Oh, she got it written now. Yeah. Oh, I can't, my eyesight. So That's a specialty that I'm working on because not many people can say that.


And I say, everybody's so worried about who's Angie's dating. I said, lemme put this straight. Me and the men in my life, I ain't dating all these guys, but I've worked with them all right. You know? So I'm in a good space. What Was wrong with you two months ago? What was it? Oh, you don't wanna say no, No, no. Well, I'm a diabetic, you know. Oh, got gotcha. I've been, you know, dealing with that. I have a diabetic that was du induced by Prednisone, And I had a chemical spill at Presbyterian Hospital when I was 26 years old. That exposed me to a germ cause to diabetes. So Wow. Because the medicine they had to give me, so when you guys saw me yay big, it was the medicine. But a lot of people was like, oh, why you with that big fat girl?


I said, you don't know my story. So now that I'm completely healed And I ain't got my little swag bag, had no surgery, ain't had nothing. But let The World tell it. She was just big fat girl. That's Right. But again, you gotta watch the movie. I can't wait to see this movie. Are you scared to, she's selling this movie right now. I to say you gotta to watch the movie. Are you scared to have a Popeye's chicken sandwich? Pardon me? Are you scared to have a Popeye's chicken sandwich? I Oh no, honey. Okay. I'm not scared to eat, but I don't eat fried stuff like that. Never have, I don't eat like a bunch of junk food. Never have. So, but you know, you can eat, but you have to eat. Right. You Can't just, yeah.


Yeah. You also have Isn't that hard coming from where you coming from? No, but I cook see And I know how to season my food without using I heard that. You know, somebody said, Angie, don't get cook her off. I, I, I, I don't use all that stuff. Like a lot of people use a lot of heavy salt. You can use lemon and it tastes just like salt. You have got to just know. Now we love to cook. Don't get me wrong, oxtails And I cooked all of that now. But you don't have to eat unhealthy. You know, I think Goddess preserved me all this time because he knows my heart and he knows I'm gonna do. Right. So that don't mean I don't sneak every now and then my bad chicken. That's right. Every now and then. Yeah.


Have you found somebody to play you yet for the biopic? I got some ideas, got some ideas. Couple of people that I really, really am interested. And I know one segment of Angie Stone is Your daughter gotta be in it, Of course. But the young lady that used to be Bernie Mac's daughter. Oh, okay. Oh yeah. We appreciate you for joining us. Absolutely. Story. Yes. Thank you. Thank you so much. Did you learn anything? I learned. Learned a whole lot. Okay. I learned a whole lot. You definitely did. I've always wanted to meet you. So really, I'm glad I had an opportunity. Look, look, I'm glad meet you. Mainly because you know the backstory to a lot of this stuff that I've been hat on for for years.


I think, you know, being involved with the sex symbol can be a blessing, a curse. Yeah. My Wife, wife knows the feeling. No, she, I was like, who is she involved with? But, Well, Angie Stone, thank you for joining us. Thank you. It is Angie Stone. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


I am Hunter host of Hunting for Answers on the Black Effect Podcast Network. Join me every weekday as I share bite-sized stories of missing and murdered black women and girls in America. Stories like Erica Hunt, A young mother vanished without a trace after a family gathering on 4th of July weekend, 2016. No goodbyes. No clues. Just gone. Listen to Hunting for Answers every weekday on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series.


Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that Picture.


This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title, leave the Gun, take The Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home.


I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.