
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education and employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback at Purdue Global dot edu.


Life is the act of custom tion that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature Bowes is a registered trademark of the Bow Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


This Christmas. So you're Her, Right? You're the boxer Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the Olympics. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout, crowd pleaser. I'm been trained for this gold medal. I'm beneath exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working my whole life for this. The fire inside, based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day.


I'm Tamika d Mallory, and It's your boy, my son in general. We Are your host of TMI, Tamika and my son's Information, truth, motivation, and inspiration. New name, new energy, but Same old us. What's going on? Myan Lennon. I'm blessed black and highly favored Tamika Mall. How you doing today? I'm doing okay. I'm, I'm a part of the black women who are resting. I'm not really resting 'cause I've been working and busy and doing and going and planning and being involved in stuff, but I have not been forcing myself to think about what's next and a rally, a march, a thing, a thing.


I just haven't, I just am not forcing myself to do that right now. I am a part of the 92%. I believe that black women have the instincts that God only himself could have placed in us to be able to be the, the, the, the, the, the birthers of this nation. And I believe that our instinct and what we have in us is something that other people, you know, benefit from. And so since I'm in a 92%, while I feel sad about a lot of things that's happening, I really feel proud.


I feel I'm in good company. I feel like I don't have to put a cape on and immediately return to the battlefield. It's the holiday season. And I feel like we as black women deserve an opportunity to sit, exhale, breathe, take in one another's love and affection, and just not have to go kill myself stressed out about work As you should enjoy yourself. You know, like you said, you part of the 92%. I think unfortunately for me, I just feel like there's a lot of things that black men been doing. So I've been, I've been just really organizing in my mind. I haven't physically went out and did a lot of things, but I've been really just strategizing and organizing and pretty much like, I wanna start like pretty much right after the holidays.


Just really implementing a lot of things that I think is, are needed and necessary in this moment for black men, especially black men, young black men. Just the, you know, the, the what, what, what do I say? The, the tide of The World. Just the energy of The World. Just the feeling. And I just feel like it's, it is very much a time to start strategizing and organizing with young black men. Yeah, Emini here. The time has always been, and I've said to you many times that you know, as a woman, I know that we are, we are, we are blessed, very blessed to have the connections and the relationships among one another.


You know that, not to say that men and black men particularly don't have relationships, but there's just something different about the ways in which black women show up for one another. And I think something, I think a part of our enslavement and what has happened to us fostered certain things. So, you know, men, African men, right, who were being forced into enslavement and then of course going through chattel slavery. Certainly the idea that you are now, you know, responsible for your community and unable to protect your community at the same time has to be something that has created a psychological backlash.


I think that backlash a part of the protection has been, you know, trying to, to maintain position and, and, and, and feeling of power and a feeling of, you know, being able to protect because that has been stripped in so many ways from you all in so many ways. And it continues beyond enslavement, beyond all that that, that we went through then even now, you still see that. And I know that it is important. I think anyone whose lineage includes enslavement needs a certain level of therapy, a certain level of, of, of, of, of a community, of coming together to understand a lot of how we are still responding to life based upon, you know, what we have been through you.


Even in your song where you're talking about the Willie Lynch letter, you acknowledge that people say the letter may not be real, but the effects of what is in that letter is, is is significant. It's significant And I see it every day. I see it in young black men that I deal with. And I think that the most important thing we can be doing for the next four years while being outside and protesting and bringing awareness and all of that is gonna be incredibly important. I still believe that one of the fundamental things that we have to engage in is community building that is not public for The World to see, right?


Like that's gotta be something that we do. So I support you a hundred percent. Yeah, it is definitely time. So that's what I've been, you know, just focusing on and, and trying to get into, you know, and just trying to stay abreast of what's going on. Trying to take it light, you know, 'cause everything has been so heavy and dark and you know, so trying to have light conversations, enjoy life, you know, listen to music, watch the internet. It's a couple things that I've been focusing on that really has been bringing me joy. Like I actually like Ana, right? I've been watching him. He's, he's a young kid and he just enjoys life. And a lot of people go, he, he has all these stars on his live stream and he's been doing like, I think he's doing like a 30 day live stream.


So he's, the other day he had Snoop Dogg on there, you know, he had Chris Brown on there and everybody is just enjoying theyself. Like as young kids. They're young in their twenties, they're having fun, they talk about good things and, and, and, And I love that. Like, you know, there's so many Is That why he was on the shower, in the shower the other day? 'cause he's 13. Yeah. They, yeah, they, they straight, they for 30 days straight, everything he does is gonna be on live stream. So his in the shower, everything, like all his, so you can go, you can click on his live stream right now and he's on the live stream as we speak, doing whatever. So, you know, I've really been enjoying that. Just watching him be, and he's, and he's, he's enjoying life, you know what I'm saying?


It's like I wouldn't do it. It it reminds me of like the Truman show kind of. If you ever seen the movie The Truman Show with Jim Carrey, like his thing reminds me of the Truman Show. But it's real life. His, it is actually his real life. And in the Truman show, Truman was the only person that didn't know that he was on tv. They raised him from a little kid inside the tv. Oh yeah, I Think I remember that. Okay. So they built the whole life around him. Wood. Yeah, they built the whole life. I wanted to say, I'm not as old as you. They built his whole life inside this tv. So, but when I'm watching this, it, it is very entertaining. And, but there was one thing in it that kind of, that made me, that resonated with me.


'cause you, you watch him in all his moments. So he is in the store and this is just probably today and he's in the store. He is buying shoes and there's about a hundred pairs of sneakers on, on the counter. So he walks by and he's looking, he is like, well, who put all of this stuff? Like, I ain't put all this stuff here. So the lady's like, well, people just putting stuff up here so he's with his friends or whatever. So he's like, yo, just ask. He said, I don't mind paying for it, but just ask. Like he, he ain't saying it. So he just saying it to the, to the chat as they listening, just ask. He said, I would never do nothing like that. I just wouldn't go. I would ask. And it, and it, and it resonates because when you get to a certain level or just when people think you at a certain level, there's a level of entitlement, right?


You think, yo yo you got it, yo, you should do it. And it's not that I shouldn't do it or I wouldn't do it, but I wanted to feel like, you don't, you, you're not taking advantage of me. And he said, he said these little things, this is how people go broke and be little stuff like that. And, and it shows that he's a sharp young man. You know what I'm saying? It is like this how people go broke it be little things like this and you ain't saying nothing about it. Next thing you know, there's a hundred thousand gone. People just start taking for granted that they don't have to ask you for things and they just could take things from you. And it just, and it is, and it is the mind state. We live in a entitlement era. Like people feel entitled to things. Like I have conversations with people And I see so many different things. People don't even say thank you no more. Like, you know, family, friends, whatever.


You do things for people. And, and it is not that you, you, you want them to, to feel like they in debt, but you just want somebody to say thank you because that's what you would do. I would do say thank you about you did something for me. I want you to feel like I acknowledge And I understand that you don't have to do something for me. You know? And we just in such a time. So it was, it was, it resonated with me because I see it happen. I've experienced it, I've gone through it a lot. But it resonated to see a young boy just understand that he's in his twenties and he understood like just ask me. He ain't just like, well we got it. We just gonna do this because he understands. He's paying attention. He's a student of life. He sees what, how people have failed. He seen how, how people have won.


You know, the fact that he brings a lot of different artists and people who have made it on his show. They've probably given him advice and he's taken it. So yeah, just, it just resonated with me because so much negativity on the internet and so many of these people just pumping crap just to see some or young boy having fun and who's in tune and smart and actually understands life. You know, it's just, it is a breath of fresh air. You know what I like Kas And I met his sister and his mother and he comes from good stock. He's comes from a good family, at least from what I saw them. They look beautiful people. His sister's very funny and very kind. His mother was really kind.


And I, I, you know, I think he's a good kid. I do think that when you put so much of your personal business in The World, people will think that they can take advantage of you. 'cause they know too much about what you have. And that's just the nature of, of human beings. And sometimes people don't even know how to ask because they haven't been, they no home training, home train. We, it goes very much to what we was talking about originally. This idea that, you know, we all, and this is not a black men or whatever thing, this is all people. Home training is very important. When I was raised, you couldn't ask nobody for offense. If I came home with something that somebody gave me, my parents would lose it.


You are not allowed to have nothing. You're not allowed to have anything. Where did you get that from? Who gave it to you? Why they give it to you. Go back, take it. Well so and so mother said I could have it. I this mother, your mother said you can't have it. Take it back. Not a shirt, not a shoe. They can't buy you nothing Emini here, really. And it's funny because I'm the complete opposite. I'm always giving and doing and whatever. Perhaps some of it has to do with that. But I tell you one thing, I do not have expectations that anybody's gonna give me anything. But that brings me to my thought of today. Today my thought of today, today is really kind of like a question. I'm wondering if people have decided to throw their hands up as it relates to police violence and they just over it.


Like that's it. You know, we just, it is what it is. We've accepted that the police can kill us and there probably, probably probably will be not much to come of it. We can be abused in our communities, pulled over, profiled in some cases sexually assaulted. We know what we are dealing with in Kansas City, Kansas, but his officer was sexually assaulting women for years, for 30 years and nobody's gonna do anything about it. And so therefore we have sort of decided to relinquish our fight and our efforts in that area and just move on to financial matters.


And maybe there are people who really, truly believe, which I do believe in some ways that the more economic development and economic growth that we have in our communities, then we will have less of a need for law enforcement. But what I always go back to is how we have watched communities be extremely economically sound. Especially black communities like Rosewood and Jacksonville, Florida or Tulsa, Oklahoma, where the fact that we would even get together and try to have our own economic engines, that pisses them off too.


And they find a way to physically by fire, blow it up, not blow it up as in set the leaders up and, and whatever I'm talking and no conspiracy theory, we talking about physical fire is burning. And I'm wondering the reason why I'm asking this question around have people just decided police violence? That's one we can't win. We are moving on from it is because I'm not sure how you have or how you as a black man especially, but black people in general, some of them are so excited about Trump and his presidency knowing that this is a man who does not believe at all that policing should have controls that hold people, hold people accountable for harming black and brown folks.


We know that. 'cause he said it so many times, I'm not debating it with anybody we know and We said it, we lived through administration where he showed it, Right? So we, we know it. So that's that. Right? And I'm not asking this question to focus so much in on Trump, but I'm just thinking about the whole pie because here last week the police went into a man's house, Brandon Durham, our brother Lee Merrit, the attorney is the attorney for the family. And then you have minister stretch from Las Vegas who is our guy who is there working to mobilize the local community. And even he said, getting people really active and engaged and, you know, make getting people to show up.


It's not as easy as, not even as easy. People are not as enthusiastic about being out there to push back against the system. Then you have folks that we are gonna have on a show later on who are dealing with trying to force the city of Louisville to sign a consent degree with this particular administration, this Department of Justice to deal with a list of things that the, the Department of Justice found when they investigated the Police Department for all types of abuse against of power. Right? And so you got that happening in one hand.


And then on the other hand, it seems that there are people who are like, don't worry about it, or I don't know what they feel. And maybe I don't have the answer. So I'm hoping that in the comment section we are gonna get some answers from folks on where do they stand with that? Because Brandon Durham, which I was about to say in Las Vegas, calls the police because there's an intruder in his home while he and his 15-year-old daughter in the house. And he, they tell them the description of the person who's in the house. When the police officer came, he being the, the, the, the man in the house, the man who the house belongs to is fighting off a woman who is in the clothes with the description that has been reported.


He is in the clothes or she is, she was in a red outfit, which is what was reported on the call when police help was, was asked, was requested. When the police got there, they shot him. The man who else? It's, they killed Brandon Durham instead of the woman. So, you know, like I said, I'm, I really want people to just tell me have they decided that police violence? 'cause I, what, here's my real question. 'cause I know that the, the, the Trump supporters and the black people who tell us that we out of our mind, you know, we just doing boogieman.


Those people, I wanna know, what did Brandon Durham? 'cause that's what they gonna do. They, they always come and say, well, Breonna Taylor was with a guy and he was this, he was a drug dealer. And then George Floyd, he just had something, some, I don't know, a fake 20 whatever nonsense things they come with, they have an excuse for every single situation. Every single. So what are they going to say about Brandon Durham? What did he do? He was in his house and he reported the person who was in there and gave a description of what the person was wearing. And the police came there and shot him to death. Now, the Trump presidency, his position is, which we know that cops should have full immunity from prosecution.


Mistakes happen, issues happen while they're out there working, but they should be able to do their jobs and they should not have to worry about people like you and me making a thing of it. So I'm just, I I just, I really want people to let me know where we at. I I I believe that, you know, after, after the George Floyd era, the powers that be worked very hard to get people to not recognize any black issues. You know, they, they made Black Lives matter a a curse word. They made DEIA curse word. You know, they made all, everything that had to woke is a curse word.


You know, all the things that had the whole world paying attention to the injustices that black people were dealing with. The people that said, wow, these black people really dealing all of those things that led to that, that the, the slogans and everything that was attached to that has now in, oh, in less than two, three years has turned into curse words. Right? So th they, this is, this was very intentional. It was very active, you know, and they, they, they're not going to allow black people to continue to, you know, they're not gonna allow black people to continue to be able to evolve and to grow and get justice and equity in America. So this is very intentional.


You know, they, they, they, they, they keep drilling the same things in your head. You have black people who try to tell you, you know, that dei is a bad thing, that being woke is a bad thing. And Black Lives matter is, well, don't say nobody want to hear that Black Lives matter. And why do black people need to do this? And why does somebody have to have black people? So, because you don't need nobody culturally competent to understand what's going on with black people issues. We don't need an administration that includes us. We don't need a world that includes us and sees the value in the black people. Especially when you have to deal with the issues that black people deal with. Right? So when we talking about black people getting killed, police killing us. Yeah. They, they have numbed us to it. They made it seem like that's not a big thing though.


No, nobody white cares about that. Y'all just victim, you know what you are, we have victimhood because we should just be okay with being shot. We should be no, really, because this what people tell you when you talk about, hey, police should have no this victimhood, nobody want to hear that. And they, they, they quickly dismiss it and they've got some of us to actually buy into that. So what I'm saying is I'm not surprised, but you know, I, I'm, I'm also understanding that that's, that's why we are here. Unfortunately, that was de my son. That's why we are here. This yeah know, because when I sit there And I, I listen to it, my soul is not okay with that.


No matter how many people I could sit the room with 1 million people try to tell me, just forget about it. And it is not that serious. And my soul is not okay with that because I understand. So understand what it is that I was called here to do is to fight for my people doing rega, even despite of my people. I'm gonna fight for my people. So that's the reality we dealing with. You know, unfortunately, they, we don't see the people that kid, but we know they are people a kid. Because there are people that hit us and tell us every day, you know, please keep fighting, don't let these people stop you for fighting. But sometimes you get, you get weary, you be like, man, what the fuck am I fighting? And I realize I say that all the time. That's what a lot happened to a lot of our leaders that you're quote unquote selloff because Well you're those people, people have told you directly that I was with you, but I can't do it anymore.


I can't do it anymore. You know? And that's what happens. So it, you know, it is, it is a, it is a hard fight. It is not one, when we look at even Dr. King, we celebrate Dr. King now, but the same people celebrate 'em now. Called him names, they called him Kon, they called him sellout. Malcolm X was public enemy number. Like these, these are real things. So when you look at the reality, the same people that we celebrate that fought for us had their own people turned against them because it was times just like this. So, you know, we have to understand the moment we in there are going to be people that just act like what we talking about. It don't even matter. All they, they gonna keep talking about bread and eggs.


They gonna tell you some shit about bread and eggs and they don't care that Jojo gonna get shot by the police. You know, because bread and eggs, 'cause somebody told them that bread cost more eggs, cost more. No, no. So someone didn't tell them that no bread cost more and eggs, I'm not saying bread and eggs, but that shit ain't, that's not the major thing. Bread and eggs because you gotta be alive to eat bread and eggs. And I'm just, Yeah, but I, For me, I, I'm just, everybody has their own issue. Like for me, I'd rather pay more for bread and eggs than, and have make sure that my, that my family is safe. That there are laws in place than we go if I gotta work a little harder for some bread and eggs. So I don't put them, so I don't put people that are, are intentionally trying to roll back my civil rights and take away the, the, the rights that God gave me in position.


It's, it's like this shit is the, this is the classic trick of every white supremacy administration and white supremacy government, they do the same shit. They make you focus on the shit that don't matter. And then you do. And I, I feel like it's a white supremacist government. I believe it's a white supremacy strategy. 'cause I say it all the time. I say it all the time. Like there's this clip that I I put up every year. It is from the movie Trick Baby. And it is, it's actually liberals and it's Republicans. And he was talking about the difference. And the Republicans say you give them jobs and you give them this and they say, yeah, we give 'em jobs because if we leave one of them in the ghetto with energy, he can rise the rest of the people up.


So what we do is we, we rise them up and we give them power. And when we give them power, they own people turn on them because they think they, they with us. So what we do is we neutralize 'em. So we constantly neutralizing our people, never giving them an opportunity because everybody that's here to fight for us, we, we fighting against the wrong thing. So what they do is they give you bullshit money. They tell you, here, we got, you want some money here, get a couple dollars. And people say, that's what I'm out, I'm here for. Do no, that shit is never nothing. The, the Bible says money is the root of all evil. So when we keep talking about shit that finances is, it doesn't, it doesn't equate to what the actual reality of what equity and justice is and what unity is.


It is never going to equate to that. I don't give a fuck how many times you see it. Anybody could tell you, I know people, people that got money, all a bunch of money are not happy, right? So I that's not my focus. Yeah, I, I hear that And I appreciate that you are, that this is who you are, but I just don't agree. I think that I more likely to encounter prices, inflated cost for gas, food and other expenses than I am to encounter a police officer who may take my life.


That happens rarely, too often. Too often for sure. But it is a rarity for most people. But every single week they have to go buy eggs, bread, whatever. So I believe that both things matter and they're both equally important because I have to be able to survive. I need to make sure that I'm not in a situation where I'm so financially deprived that my family members or even I end up out there in the street doing something I have no business doing, trying to make money. You know what it is. And I'm not saying you wrong. And I I And I, And I, And I understand you are, you are a hundred percent correct, right?


I think for me, I think I'm at a different stage of understanding where we are, right? And, and, and when you watch, there's a strategy that's being taken and it's, and it's, it is, it is constantly being taken. And I see it, right? It's like Elon Musk is in position of power, right? The stock market for Tesla and all that shit is gonna go up and people gonna invest their money in it and then they gonna make a couple dollars and Elon Musk is going to take control of shit that is going to negatively impact 90% of us, right? But there's gonna be 20 or 30,000 people that feel like they, they, they made something off of it, but in the it ultimately that man is going to impact us in the worst way ever.


And we think that we benefit off of it. So to Me, but I know that people agree with You about that. I, but I that's what I'm saying. I know you don't, but I understand. I didn't Say I don't, I said I don't think, I don't know that Well, I know they won't because they don't understand. It's not, it is not a, it is not, it's like a, it is like me, right? It's like me living in, in Beverly Hills and I'm like, we doing good, but 90%, 5% of us ain't. So I can sit there if I'm sitting there and I'm doing good and 10 of us is good and we, and we able to sit at the table and we still only have the 2% of the wealth that we've been having for a hundred years. We not doing anything there. There's a, that's what I'm trying to tell you is fool's goal. It's a false sense of reality. We represent 13 to 14% of the population and only 2% of us are accounted in the wealth in America.


That's what I'm trying. They know that we are not increasing at all. They're constantly increasing and growing their numbers of the wealth gap. If when you look at the wealth gap by they say by 2035 we will be at zero, the median household for black people will be zero. This is what I'm trying to tell you. We are dealing with fool's goal and we keep thinking, And I it is not, I don't have to, it's not about what I think I'm telling you. This is what the numbers are saying. This is, the numbers are showing. If you, if you look at the, the average wealth from 1930 something to now, we only represented 2% of the wealth. And you look at now we only represent 2% of the wealth. The median household is going down every time. And then people saying, look, I'm getting money, I'm getting money, I'm getting money.


That's Why people believe, people believe that maybe, maybe under Trump is gonna be different. But I'm trying to tell you, you saying maybe under they Had a pandemic. I'm telling you what I've heard, But I'm just, I'm telling you the facts. I'm not, I'm telling you the things that you can, when you, when you look up the numbers and you do the real numbers, I Know, I understand what you're saying, but I'm saying that there are people out here that believe that under Donald Trump it might be something different, okay? Because the first term, he had a pandemic, he wasn't able to accomplish the things that he wanted to do. I'm just telling you what I've heard. I'm saying that I don't believe any of it. I think that we're going to see the effects of his presidency in about two years.


And I think it's going to be The con the common I can, I can, I think we, that we're gonna see the impact of his presidency in about two years. But I think we're gonna know even more in the next presidency. So whoever else becomes elected in four years, that's how we are gonna know what his policies, the damage that his policies have caused, he Not gonna really know. You want me to tell you why? Because what happens is at this point, what, what what they've done is disenfranchise black people, right? We have, we have a black movement that is so fractured that they don't even know what the next step is. So the next person that comes that, that feels like he has to leave, he's going to sit figure that the motto that he has to follow is like Donald Trump, right?


We was built, we, we were literally building, when we look at what we were building, when we went to the DNC and you looked at all of the black people and you seen the levels of black power and black influence and black, all of that, the next person is gonna feel like they have to move away from that. This 'cause this is what, this is what America is telling you. They don't want that. They don't want woke, they don't want black power. They don't want all of these things. So I don't think the next person is gonna go into the position saying, you know what, I, I think they will. I don't, I don't see it. I don't see where they feel like it. I think they would 'cause it. If you look at what they're saying, they saying that that strategy failed. They, America does not want to be unified. America doesn't believe that.


I'm just trying to, I'm telling I don't, I don't see somebody, I don't see America, I don't see no party getting behind somebody that's trying to push the same values that they, that this is probably the word. Every swing state, they've, they saying there's a shellacking, there's no no no common sense person because this is what they, they forced us to believe. There's nobody that's gonna invest their money and their time inside a strategy that they already seen fail. And unless something change, unless there's something that shifts the tide of America. And unless This is the tide, see, this is where, this is where my thought process departs from a lot of people.


Because what I believe is that we will begin to see, like I said, in about two years, the impact of this presidency. And it's actually going to force us into a movement back into a space where people are gonna realize they can't even get elected. If they are that other thing. That's what I believe is gonna happen. I believe that they're gonna wanna get so far away from that other thing. Because for instance, when Donald Trump was president, he got upset with New York for not whatever, whatever something he wanted people in New York to do. And the the legislators, he had said no.


And next thing you know, he took away our ability to have global entry coming into the country that impacts people who have money, right? And so people who have money and or people who are well traveled, people who understand clear and all those programs and, and, and, and being a known traveler, they're the ones that's impacted by that. They didn't like it. They didn't like it. But you also had four years of Joe Biden in between. So now when you circle a block to him, back to his shenanigans of his thinking that he can punish people, his vindictive nature, that is going to make people turned off.


I know it is. I just wait for the day for it all to happen. But anyway, Emini here. My daughters day went all around into 15 different directions. But I think it's all great conversation, but none of us can predict. All we can do is because we've already predicted, we, we didn't predict, we forecasted what is to come. And now it will either be that we are wrong, which I agree. One Charlemagne said something the other day, I don't want Donald Trump to fail. I literally don't because his failure is the failure of our people. I want the Lord to come into his heart and his mind and say, Hey we, you gotta do better.


You can't be that person. Do I believe that that will happen? No, but that's what I want. I want his party, the Republican party to look at him and say, if we allow you to take us down this path, we are never gonna be able to win an election again. Or at least for a long time we are gonna lose the in the midterms. I Don't understand how you're saying that. Where they voted for that, they voted for that twice. Tamika, what I'm trying to tell you is America, They didn't vote. They did not. They did not. Okay. They did not. Okay. What you have in this election is a lack of voter participation. So when you have a a a a people that feel ignited, they could beat Donald Trump, but they'd stayed home.


15 million people If what they're telling us is true, 'cause I don't believe shit. 'cause so long as Elon Musk is involved, I don't know what they did. I have no idea. But let's just go with the, the, it is what it is. The rules are the rules. So if that's what happened and 15 million people came home that stayed home, those people are part of the reason why we lost the election. So what I'm saying is that as people go and continue to move, we already know that more than half of America is racist and or trying to be connected to white people. 'cause they think white power and white men is how they will get their handmaid's tale access to their own power. We already know that we got that, but at the end of the day, when you really kinda crunch it all down, most of the people who didn't vote are people who Just say, I know I'm not gonna vote for Donald Trump, but I can't support Gaza.


I'm broke, I'm stressed, I'm struggling And I can't be involved in that. I don't like Joe Biden. I'm not voting for a woman. So you have all those people. I'm not voting for a black person, a black woman. You have all those people that if activated could be and put themselves in a position or could have put us in a position to win in two years during the midterms. Because if things are too out of control, that's when you'll see it where people, their own legislators, they gonna be like, wait a minute, wait a minute. So you with this bullshit. Oh, we don't, we don't want you. Hey, who, what do I know? Listen. We'll see. That's all I say. We'll see. So that brings me to my music spotlight today.


You know, it's, it's pretty much easy, you know, Kendrick dropped an album outta nowhere at 6, 7, 8 o'clock in the morning that just, you know, tore the whole charts up and tore the whole music world up. And I, you know, I was, I had the luxury of driving my son to soccer this weekend and it was about a two hour ride both ways. So that was about four hours of me driving. So I listened to it over and over And I just got in tune with it. And I think one of my favorite tracks on there is where he took a pac like beat. It was, it was, he had this energy of Pac and it's called Reincarnated And I trying figure, I didn't, about two different artists.


I think one of them is Billie Holiday. I'm almost sure that the woman he was talking about is Billie Holiday. And I thought it was Jimi Hendrix, the first one. I don't know. But it's somebody that played the guitar. I don't know exactly it was Jimi Hendrix or somebody else, but I gotta listen again 'cause I gotta get the dates on when it was. But he's talking about these people being reincarnating and coming back as him and then he has a conversation at the end with God, you know, and then God is talking to him like, I sent you here these three different ways, you know, so you can get it right. And then he's like, but you still, you two, you two consumed with war. Like you say you want peace, but you consume with war. He said, well, I'm trying to unite my people and I'm trying to unite the west.


I'm doing all this, but you won't, you, you, you, you hold these grudges and you fight war all the time. When are you going, when are you going to let that go? When are you gonna let that energy go? And it's like he's fighting with itself and God, like it is, it's such a dope song. You know what I'm saying? It's one of those songs that it, it just shows the creativity of Kendrick Lamar. And what I respect about him is that he, he pushes the envelope, you know? And he, and he does things that are different. So I would ask anybody if you listen to the album, just really listen to reincarnated. Don't just listen to 'cause it got that, you know, that, that, that vibe that that Tupac vibe. But just listen to the lyrics and listen to what he's saying. Mm, Well I haven't had a chance to look, listen to the album at all, but all of my music, Fidos, that's how you say it, I think so that my people who, who love music, they seem, y'all seem to be into it.


So with that being said, I'm sure I will Marc myself, It's a body of work. It's one of those bodies of work. You, you know, that's what I love about Kendrick. He doesn't just drop music and that you could just, it is a body of work. Like each song does something different to you, but it, it still tells like a story and it gives you a mind frame, puts you in a mind frame and an understanding. And it actually makes you, if you a creative, you a artist, it makes you push yourself. Like just listening to the album, it gave me just ideas of my own things. It, they would fall from his, but it just pushed me to think about different things. So it gets you push you in a creative mind state. That's great.


Kendrick Lamar, Kendrick Lamar.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You know, at t believes that a voice can change everything. And if you're a podcast junkie like me, you get it. The power of hearing someone speak is unmatched. It's why we save those voicemails from our loved ones. They mean something. You know, for me, when I need a one-on-one holiday boost, I know who to call. My mom, her voice always feels like home. And when I need to get hyped for something big, it's my friend Tammy. Her voice gives me that lift I didn't know I needed it. At and t knows the holidays are the perfect time to do just that. Share your voice. If it's been a while since you called someone who matters, now's the time. Because it's more than just a conversation, it's a chance to say something they'll hear forever. So spread a little love with a call to season. Happy holidays from at and t connecting changes everything.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field. Or even look at the switch things up, add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


All right, let's get into our guest. This is gonna be a panel that I'm quite excited about today. We have several people on to talk about an issue that should matter to folks all over the country. You know, I often say we need a consent decree on America for many things. And I wanna talk more about what a consent decree is with the next group of people that's coming up. So let's have our panel. It's so good to have y'all with us. It feels like home. Like we need to do it more often so we can see y'all's faces and continue to be in community to to together. I think, I just think that it is important to state that from the day we met four years ago, which, you know, by the time I met Katurah I was apologizing off the bat for a big booboo that I made.


But nonetheless, we have continued to support one another every single step of the way. I think what came out of our connection through Breonna Taylor, the the tragic and unfortunate death of Breonna Taylor is such an example that can be studied by movements and people across the country that while we face conflict, we face drama, trauma, and your mama, everything you could think of still through every step of the way, outsiders to Louisville came together with the local community and continue to support one another. And I just think that's just so good.


So I'm happy to have y'all with us today. So we, we are looking at the beautiful faces of Kentucky State Representative Ka Torah, Harran and also attorney at law. Our dear sister Lanita Baker, who has her own law firm, which is called Baker Injury Law. So if you are out there in the Louisville or Kentucky area, or how many other places can you practice? Georgia, Kentucky and Georgia. Kentucky and Georgia. And you have any type of injury law, what, what's that called? Her Personal injury. So you slip and fall somewhere, you get hit by a truck, a car, anything, you know, medical negligence, nursing home, any anybody injured, That's your girl.


Call attorney Lanita Baker, thank y'all for joining us. Thank you. And that's soon to be Senator Aaron. You know, she, yeah, Exactly. Come on now. The Torah took off and has not stopped yet, so I'm sure that soon you'll be in Washington DC being, you know, Congresswoman Couture harran. It, it's coming. I'm not even worried about it. That's Right. We'll see what happens. Politics is a lot, you know, and so we'll see, we'll see what God has in story. Amen. I have a, a friend who is a elected official in New York who calls me today.


I'm cleaning and just listening to this person venting that like, it's so hard to be real. And in politics like that is the, the toughest job ever is to maintain being a real person who's seriously about the issues, being authentic, having a social justice lens and trying to blend in with, as they said, these suckers, man, I can't take it, man. That that's a word. It, it is very difficult to balance and it's very difficult really to live when you're not doing politics.


This past weekend I went to a wedding and a guy came up to me and he is like, don't I know you? And so I told him who I was and he was like, you have a card? And I was like, no. And he's like, why don't you have a card? And I'm like, I'm at a wedding. Like I'm just trying to be. And so it, it's a, it's definitely a balance and you know, it's very humbling And I honor to serve, but it is, it takes a toll on an individual for real. So you're better than me. 'cause I'd be out, if I'm out at a regular social event, people be like, I know you from somewhere. I'll be like, I dunno where I from. And my friends would be like, you wrong? I'm like, I Emini here. I know what I'm not trying to talk about. So I'm be like, That's what my son does to people.


People walk up to my son everywhere and he, and they go, yo, I know you, I know you Hess. Like he don't know what the people are talking about because At the end of the day, Emini here, sometimes you just wanna relax and if they figure out who you are, if they, they say, Hey, you such and such, then I, I oblige, but I'm not the person that's gonna say under, yeah, I might sign rap And I do this And I don't wanna do all that. You know? So if you Just say you look familiar, I think I know. I'll be like, well maybe you do, man. You know, I Got one of those faces. Yeah. People tell me that all the time. Y'all two are so much alike. It's ridiculous. But, so we're here to talk about a serious issue today. I'm I I I appreciate the two of you being able to alter your schedules because this is a real time sensitive issue for lots of reasons.


You know, during President Obama's presidency, his terms in office, one of the, the, the things that I was very proud of that we worked on and we advocated for was the use of consent decrees to address the concerns around police departments around the country. We know that depending on who your president is, and particularly Republican governors do not lean into consent decrees at all. But under President Obama, they were, and, and Eric Holder obviously being the attorney general, this, this was something that they sort of bought to the forefront and really began to use that particular model or that whatever you, you gonna explain it to us a little better, attorney Baker to address, to address police departments where their behavior is not just one incident or two incidents, but there is a pattern, a pattern in practice of abuse, misuse of force, the violation of civil rights and the issues go on and on.


And so we go, we saw more of that happening across the country. And of course, once Donald Trump became president the first time it went away, they in fact declined to continue on that, that in that, on that path. And here we are back there again. Lanita, why don't you tell us what is the importance of the consent decree and then you can give us a little bit of information about what's been happening in Kentucky. And of course, couture, please jump in. So the importance of a consent decree is it provides oversight for the Police Department. It's not the chief. It's not the mayor, it's basically saying Police Department.


Ja, sometimes it's jail, sometimes it's school. So like in this particular instance, we're talking about the Louisville Metro Police Department, but consent decrees are when the Department of Justice, the civil Rights Division of the Department of Justice, which we know is led by right now and at least into January, led by the formidable Kristen Clark, who has just been amazing in the four years that she's had to lead that section of Department of Justice. It gives us her court orders, other tools for monitoring for these entities who under their investigations, they found that an entity, whether again, Police Department, jail schools, any government entity has engaged in violating the civil rights of any particular group of citizens within the United States.


And so, as we know here in Louisville and after President Biden became president, the Department of Justice announced that it would do an investigation into the Louisville Metro Police Department for patterns and practice. Part of that was based off of, you know, the, the recognition that came in from Breonna Taylor, but in addition to Breonna Taylor, I tell people, you know, we had the search warrants. I represented a, a young man for formidable young man named Teon Lee, who was stopped, you know, driving his car in the West end, driving his mother's car in the West end, detained 45 minutes to a hour simply because he happened to be in the wrong neighborhood driving a nice car and be in a black male.


All he wanted to do was go home on his day off. And you know, we just settled his case last year. But there was a pattern of those. And the, the Louisville Police Department called that a people places narcotics strategy to decrease violent crime. But what they were doing was basically horizon people in the wrong neighborhood. So their thought was, oh, if we find guns come with drugs and you know, if we crack down on drugs and guns, then you know, we're reducing crime. But what you were doing, were harass harassing innocent young men. We've seen that, that, you know, through their investigation, the improper, like when I read the, the Patterns and Practice, practice report for LMPD, you would've thought you were in 1960s like releasing dogs on teenagers.


Like what world are we living in that this is, okay. And so that was y you know, that, that those patterns and practice findings came down, I wanna say in 2022, if not early 2023. And the Mayor Ums team, whoever he put in place to negotiate on behalf of the city and the Department of Justice, which I know, you know, this is a priority for them to get this consent decree signed before the administrations change. I've been negotiating, but here we are two months out and what I can say, if it's not signed by January 19th, it's not gonna get signed and it will be business as usual for LMPD.


And we really need these consent decrees to force change. Like we have a new police chief. He can't, it is only so much you can do if you can't say, well we gotta change because we got this consent decree, otherwise we'll be in violation of a court order 'cause it is monitored by the court. It's all about culture. Yeah. That, that's unbelievable to me. So basically we have two months in order for, to be able to have some type of jurisdiction over what these police can do to us. And, and they've already said that the, they, they've noted a, a bunch of patterns and practices that are pr pretty much unconstitutional.


And so, so we gotta fight for them to actually just do the right thing For the mayor to do the right thing and sign the consent decree. And when we say two months, it's because of what happened with the election. If we weren't, I I if November 7th it turned out differently, it, it may not, it still needs to be signed, but it's not as high of a, like I don't think BP Harris would've been saying we not going to do consent decrees. But we know that Donald Trump will do that because one, he did it the first time he was elected in, you know, when he took office in 2017 and two, he already wants officers to have full immunity. So what the hell would, why would he do a consent decree?


So that's why we are at the, at the space that we are at. And I feel like for me, for as much work as everyone on this call has put in for as much work as everybody in the city has put in, if our mayor's not willing to sign it, then like That's another issue. It's time For him. Yeah. A whole nother issue. But it's time for him to go too. Yeah. And, and I'm Gonna say that though. Yeah. And before we go on, I do wanna like let the folks know what exactly those things were that were in that report. Absolutely. Thank you. And so specifically the Justice Department found that LMPD uses excessive force including unjustified neck restraints and unreasonable use of police dogs or tasers, conduct searches based on invalid warrants, unlawfully execute search warrants without knocking and announcing unlawfully stops, searches detained and arrest people during street enforcement activities, including traffic and pedestrian stops unlawfully discriminates against black people in its enforcement activities.


Violates the rights of people engaged in protected free speech critical of police. And the last thing they found was that LMPD discriminates against people with behavioral health disabilities room responding to crises. That's a list. That's a long list. That's a long list. Representative Harran, why would your mayor not sign? What is he saying? What's the issue at this point? Emini here. I think the, if you look at what he has said publicly, he just basically said that they're not in agreeance, but has not gone into detail exactly what that means. But publicly, that is what he is saying that currently they do not agree.


The two parties have not come on in agreeance. I think the other thing that, that I want people to know and understand is that the community has never been a part of the process once a negotiation started. So we're actually also in a place where we're putting trust in the current administration and putting trust in the DOJ that whatever comes out of it, that we're trusting that that is what we want as a community. And so, you know, it, it's so, it it's a lot. So like right now we're literally putting our trust in these two entities that they're gonna do right by the people. And so as we're saying we need to get this done before January 19th, we still haven't even, haven't even been a part of that deeper conversation about what exactly is the negotiations right now or who actually from the city is a part of that, that negotiation.


We don't know what that is. I mentioned that our councilwoman Shameika Parish Wright has also joined. Thank you so much for Shameika for coming in and, and being with us. Councilwoman please. Thank you first. Good afternoon. And it's an honor to be here And I really appreciate you all keeping this fire lit. I, I told Tamika the timing is perfect and I'm glad that we have a Kentucky lawyer who is very amazing and capable. So if I say some things that ain't right, you can, you can get me right. But I first wanna thank now Senator elect Couture Herron, that is just phenomenal to know that you're gonna be carrying justice and equality and all those things at, at that level.


'cause we really, really need it. And today we had a press conference right at Injustice Square, AKA Jefferson Square, right where the marker is signifying what happened to Breonna Taylor and all the subsequent deaths, David McAtee and Tyler Ger and everyone else that's been connected. It's been an ongoing battle. I don't know about you all 'cause you all have been day one down on on the ground too. But it's been a up and down rollercoaster. And as my son alluded to, it just seems like never ending, you know, and accountability, I don't know. I got in trouble a lot when I was younger. I don't know about you all. And the only choice I had sometimes was to choose a switch or a belt and or punishment.


And to me punishment was the worst. But I knew that with the switch of the belt, it'll be over with quick. The problem is, is that LMPD is trying to continue with through the mayor, because the mayor is now as a puppet. We have one of our deputy mayors that is a former police officer that still operates, was once over the FOP was once he was there when they had a recent consent decree. This is our second consent decree in recent history. The first one was on the hiring practices and he was there. This, this deputy mayor was there doing that part of the process and maybe it helped him as a black man on the police force. But right now what we have is people, the police who have been policing themselves the whole time trying to tell us, they didn't tell us how they were gonna hurt us, but they're trying to tell us how we should heal.


So they're looking for an exit date. They said that they looked at all these different consent decrees in other places and they seem to go on with the monitoring and they wanna make sure that there's a real clear exit strategy. One of the rea one of the reasons we as were giving to was, was given to why the mayor isn't, as you know, trying to sign it, but they say different things. They talk about both sides of their mouth. They say in one press conference, by Thanksgiving we should have something. And that the mayor is eager to sign it. And then when I was just in a council meeting before our regular council meeting, it was announced that the mayor wants to make sure that there's an extra strategy.


And then one of the council people alluded to the ongoing cost of monitoring. So my thing is, so what whatever it costs LMPD earned it. That is the narrative that we must all be united on. They earned this consent decree. You don't get to tell us when it ends. You don't get to try to maintain and monitor what you get out of your, as your punishment or your consequences because this has happened before. Our LMPD is are the same Louisville Metro Police Department accused of hurting young children in their explorer program, raping young children, raping women. There's nothing in our books for that. I'm thankful for the work of representative her because without that we wouldn't even have a formal, no more, no-knock on the books.


Mm. I'm thankful for the, the state, but there's been nothing really significant. So the DO j response is a federal response. And what we need is a local response that helped us hold them accountable, which is why I filed the people's consent decree. And that has exactly what Couture Herron laid out as well as the history of policing report. It's their words, it's the words that they've accepted that they put on their website. And to get my colleagues to pass a resolution meant for them, they couldn't hold two truth. You can want the most trusted, trained, well-paid Police Department, but they still are held accountable because basically we're paying them and they're violating human rights and civil rights and there's no repercussion.


And if you really wanna stop the gang violence and the violence that we see, that violence happens in boardrooms, it happens before we see it on the ground. And it definitely happens with our Police Department. So we have so many fronts on this And I just appreciate being able to be a part of this communication. I plan to refile the people's consent decree. It passed out a committee and then it got stalled when it went to the whole council. And so I wrote our, our council for council, I wrote them and asked them, what do I need to do to file this again? Because we have nothing in writing Tamika and and my son on our books that really acknowledges what has happened.


This federal response is one thing, but we don't have anything that signifies what happened so that we can hold them accountable going forward. Hmm. I think one thing with that though too is we do have to be cognizant of, like I I I'm in support of the people's consent decree, but I also don't wanna confuse constituents in, we have a federal consent decree, which the federal courts can't enforce. And so there is that enforceability mechanism within that consent decree. And I, you know, I've seen the work that Kristen Clark has been putting in around the country, not just in Louisville. Like this isn't just something she's doing in Louisville.


She comes from Tamika, you know, Kristen, she, she's got a long pedigree from lawyers committee for civil rights under the law to, you know, that this appointment and you know, her office le being the one that led the, is leading the criminal prosecutions for the officers against Breonna Taylor, her office being the ones that, you know, did the criminal prosecutions against the officers that was throwing the slushy. So it's like her office has been the one holding these people responsible for even the little bit of response. It is, it, it's a, it's a small measure of accountability for what needs to be happened. But any type of accountability that's come, whether it's in Breonna Taylor's case or whether it's in other cases, a civil rights violations, it's coming from her office.


And so I have a lot of faith, like when we talk about what's in that consent decree, Kristen ain't letting no BS come through that consent decree. And so like when I say like pushing consent decree like before January 19th, like to me, I feel like Mayor Greenberg has stalled out and you know, he sought it out to see what's gonna happen with the election and then like, oh, the election turned out, you know, we might get away without actually ever having to sign one. And it's like, no, we shouldn't let that ride. Like this department is no better than it was when they issued that report and you set up here and like, oh, we're gonna accept the accountability and da da da. And at the end of the day, when we talk about how much it's gonna cost to monitor it, what I can tell you is these lawsuits that continue to come cost more than the cost to monitor it.


'cause they continue to get sued back to back to back. Like people are taking this, the, this patterns and practice investigation finding they're taking, like the civil rights attorneys are taking it in court. Like, look what they do. Like this ain't just this, they can't say they didn't know they've been violating rights and they're continuing to do it. So like, we have to change. And if they're not gonna change, like, mayor, bye Byebye. So what do you think, what, what should be the next steps? What can people do? Like, you know, keto was talking about how there is nobody part of, you know, the community that has any input inside of what happened in this descent decree. So what can just the people and constituents and the citizens do to help move this forward?


I I think the biggest thing right now is, is there has to be all hands on deck and pressure for the mayor's office to sign it. I, you know, and people can do that by Calling in directly to the mayor's office. People can also call their metro council members. Obviously we have Councilwoman Paris Wright, who's on board. But the same way that we had the line going, No, no Line when it came to Breonna Taylor in 2020, when you called Metro Council, literally on that line it said if you're calling regarding Breonna Taylor, press one, all other inquiries press two. And that's the same type of pressure that needs to be put back on that.


They need to know that, that the people are serious and that this needs to be signed because of significance. No matter what the next administration is gonna do, this is the responsibility of the mayor and this administration. We can't wait to see what a Trump administration's gonna do, whether he's gonna take them away or not. We'll deal with that when that piece comes. But right now, the mayor's office, they need to do everything in their power to put that pen to that paper and sign it and to get under contract to make sure that the people of Louisville are protected. And then for him to hold truth to what he said that he was gonna do when the people elected him.


Right. And I, I think that's so important because regardless of what happens with Trump, he still has a reelection for himself. The, the mayor is going to want to run for reelection and people need to be able to measure him, not by Kristen Clark, not by Donald Trump, not by any of those measures. It needs to be based upon his own merit and what he has done. And so I think, I think you're, I think you're a hundred percent right that we have to turn up the energy. That's why we wanted to have this conversation today so that people can have the information they need. It is very challenging when you're working, go studying, living your life to understand everything that's happening around you, especially in terms of the political atmosphere.


And it is important for us to break it down and bite-size pieces so people can say that I understand that I wanna get behind that, I wanna fight for it. A lot of times we say that our communities are not really involved in things and it's literally because they don't understand because no one has explained it to them. And so I think, you know, getting out there and you know, and and making sure that every lot Dodi and everybody, as they say knows exactly what's happening in this moment is gonna be important. And that's the work of the Foot soldiers, you know, those of us who knock on doors, who talk to folks and, and getting that type of information out there. So I know you also wear another hat councilwoman of also being at Vocal Kentucky, And I'm sure you all are already working on this, but I feel like what people who are listening can do is to get the information that they need to go push it out into the corners of the, of the city.


So talk about that, but I wanna make sure Representative Harron, that you are able to come back and really briefly before you go today, this is Louisville, but this issue is not only a Louisville issue, this is I'm sure all of Kentucky and we need a consent dec decree in America in general over all the Police Department. We know that, right? We need all of it. All of them. So what, so I want, I want you to talk about what do you see in terms of terms the importance of this for the entire state of Kentucky? Because I'm sure there are other pockets that are under your purview who have similar issues that are not being addressed.


So, so, so one, first we'll go with you Shameika and then Couture. Thank you for that. And answer you and my phone questions that that is exactly it. The, the community organizing has to happen no matter what, 365, whether somebody is running or not. The awareness to making this work digestible on different levels and for people to understand their roles, I think that there's a lot of things that people can do within their discretion that they don't realize they can do. And so education of that is continuous, that's reciprocated is so important through this process and making sure that we show up. The good thing is I have my council role and then as you said, I have the role as an director of an organization that is fighting for people to not be incarcerated, to not have their rights violated, to be able to meet people where they at.


And these are people who are directly impacted, who are now being asked to be at decision making tables at judiciary hearings to be able to articulate their story. So there's a storytelling part of this, And I totally agree with my lanita baker on, I, my, my distrust is not with the, that part of what Christian Clark and other folks are doing. My issue is that we, we make things, we paint things with our, our current administration for one thing in the media, but if we don't have a way to hold them accountable locally, then it's just the same old thing as we've seen the police policing themselves. So one of the other jobs we have to do, and I'm hoping that the people's consent decree adds to it, is, is keep that fire lit, keep the fire lit because the mayor cares about his name in the press because he's working on getting re reelected like Juanita is saying.


And election has its consequences as we all are still processing and dealing with the most recent election. So I think that we have to be both in and we have to know who our allies are and work with them. I think the work that you all are doing is phenomenal because until Freedom can bring that national platform, keep that national heat on, And I think what Couture is doing is amazing because her work and our work with Vocal, we're going into the hoods, the hollows, the suburban, the urban, and we're talking to people and guess what, it's less about their party affiliation, less about the lines that separate 'em. And it's more about these issues and as you said to me, because the same issues people are dealing with in, in, in these hoods and in these counties where everybody knows everybody and they use the judicial system to further bully the people.


And so we gotta make sure that we're showing up for people in every way. So we're gonna continue to base build, we're gonna continue to mobilize, we're gonna continue to get more people engaged in our organization and the other partner organizations. And then we also wanna push for people to be appointed to these seats as commissioners, as being a part of where these decisions are being made and where we can push people to use their discretion. Because a lot of people need to be engaged in this work. Not just our foot soldiers of course, but sometimes we have people who work within the government or within the agencies who can lift up their voices and be a part of this. So I think the empowerment, the standing with our folks when they are making the right decisions to having their back when things are going well and to, to build a culture because we, you talked about culture change earlier, to build a culture where people can actually stand on the right side of this pendulum that we know is moving towards justice and, and feel supported because we still operate as a small town in Kentucky where they can pick up the phone and shut you down.


And so people worry about their jobs and their housing. So we're trying to find ways where people can take a part of this and still have a home to go to and still have a job to go to. So I'm in it to wherever our vocal folks are in it and other organizing groups are in it. And I wanna be connected to what you all are doing. Yeah, that that, that's good. Shameika. And as you spoke about the hood to the holler and the urban and suburban, this police misconduct is happening all over the state of Kentucky. And so as you said, why is it important that we do this here? It's important because we need to send a message across the Commonwealth. Just last week there was a family of a white guy, I believe his name was Joseph Martin, I believe it's Joey or Joseph Martin, that his family just filed a lawsuit and they're wanting a federal in investigation because their son was killed in Marion County in a smaller county in our state where the police kneeled on the back of his neck for over a minute and a half.


And so when we talk about the misconduct that's happening as it relates to policing, it's not just happening in Louisville, it is happening a a across the commonwealth here in the Commonwealth. There's been a lot of police involved shootings where police have killed and shot individuals who were un unarmed. And so thi this is something that I believe that if we're able to get that consent decree done here in Louisville, then it does send a message across the state and it empowers other communities to say, you know what, we can speak up and we can ban together to hold our law enforcement together. Because as Councilwoman just said, it is very difficult when you go out in these communities and talk to folks, they're business owners.


They have, they have law practices, right? They, they're doctors. Some of them are afraid to speak out because depending on where they are, people will stop patronizing their businesses. But I believe that this, what this statement says is it doesn't matter if you're black, white, if you're from Louisville or you're from the country, we're gonna ban together. And right is right and wrong is wrong. And at the end of the day, we wanna make sure that all Kentuckians, that they have justice and they are protected and, and and protected from law enforcement and the law enforcement is doing their job. And when they're not doing their job, we are gonna hold them accountable. Amen.


I want, I just wanna say one thing, just on a high note. You know, we did see a piece of justice in the Breonna Taylor's case. You know, we did, we, you know, we we've been fighting against it and it just shows how elections have consequences, how fighting has consequences for four years straight. We did everything possible to bring attention to Fight Lanita was the lawyer. We was outside advocating, you know, we watched you guys get elected to office based off just the fighting and everything that we did during that case. So I just want you to, I need to just speak a little bit about what happened in that case and just, you know, and give us a little bit of hope, a little bit of hope, and Just say, what should be the next steps that we should be doing?


Yeah. So of course a few weeks ago, Brett Hankinson was found guilty for violating the civil rights of Breonna Taylor. So his sentencing is now in April 1st it was gonna be March 12th, which was, you know, on the eve of the anniversary of Brianna's death. But I think he, that his lawyers later realized that, hold on, that might not so it, it it's in April now, but that's okay, Ms. Palmer, she was mad, but she's okay now. He did file a motion for a new trial. I, you know, as I I tell Ms. Palmer all the time like that def he's a, their defense attorney, they have to do it right.


I'm not as worried about the, the motion for a new trial. The one thing I can say about Judge Jennings is I do feel like she did everything within her power to make sure that that trial was fair. And so I I'm, I'm not as concerned about a new trial and she's not going anywhere anytime soon. Judge Jennings, the the other two officers, Joshua James and Kamini, we're still waiting on trial dates for them. Mike Songer and Anna, I always forget Anna's name, I hate it. But the DOJ prosecutors, the, the good thing about the two prosecutors that we've had in this case is they extend beyond any presidential administration. They didn't come on when Biden was hired.


You know, they've been around for ages. And so, you know, barring somebody coming in and telling them to, to, to get rid of these cases, they're gonna fight tooth and nail to get justice for Breonna Taylor's family. And, And I have full faith and trust in, in those two prosecutors, the, you know, you guys saw the, the first trial, you this trial, we was all outside trying to figure out what's going on with elections with, it was so much going on this time around. And like even I was like, did we really set a trial like two weeks before election date or a month before election date? But that first trial, you know, you got to see them and, and, and interact with with those prosecutors and you can tell their heart or that, that it is for fighting a system of corruption within police departments and get rid of those civil rights violations.


And so I do have faith in, in those two We were fighting and we were in an election during the first trial as well because that's when we spanked Daniel Cameron's ass and sent him back. Yes. Find hell we find him and himself. Exactly. We find Daniel Cameron and judge out. And judge It's always, it's never, there is no fight that we are involved in. That's easy or simple or the cake walker always an added layer of, I forgot about that. It was during, yeah, it Was during election. So, but I wanna say thank you to all of you and, and my son has said that we have wins. I got one thing though please before you go.


So next Tuesday, the Department of Justice Civil Rights Division, we talked about Tam Tamika Palmer, Brianna's mom, she is going to be in Washington, DC with Kristen Clark. This next, this year marks 30 years of patterns and practice the Civil Rights Department division, department of Justice, being able to pursue civil rights remedies for patterns and practices violation. So they have a panel coming up next Tuesday. Ms. Palmer is gonna be there as a representative of a family who's been impacted as you heard, representative or Senator elect. I don't know which one I like. We gonna say Representative senator elect give all Hearing.


You heard her talk about one of the violations that they found was getting improper search warrants so that the patterns in practice definitely led to, to Brianna's murder. And so she's gonna be up there with, with Kristen Clark and some other Derek Johnson's, one of the panelists. So that's going on next, next Tuesday, December 3rd. And the, the phone calls do work. 'cause when we was doing the no more no knock, some of my friends that were on Metro Council called and they was like, I'm not already voted for it. Can you please tell them to stop calling me? I'm like, nah, they calling everybody. I can't, you know, so Can't do anything about that. That's all right. You get a call too. 'cause the, the elected officials from the morning to the night, things can shift.


So we you absolutely keep the pressure on. 'cause when those donors start calling things, people start getting a little shaky. Which is why I appreciate that the two elected officials that we have here are two that have taken the hard way. It's the steps up the backside of the building and, you know, you might have to take the fire escape also, which means that you're not taking the money from all the big corporations and the special interest groups. You, you know, you, you out here bootstraps like real kneeing dollars and cents from every single person who believes in justice, who believes in affair process in terms of, you know, our government and elections and all of that.


And you know, and, And I just think, you know, it's the same for us at until Freedom. We could be taking money from corporations and you know, we got, we have friends, they got a lot of money. They would love to give us money, but they go, that's gonna come with conditions. It's gonna come with people expecting certain things. So we are out here. Sometimes the bank account has the money for payroll and sometimes it's real low and we are trying to figure it out. But at the end of the day, we maintain our integrity. And certainly the two of you have done that. And of course Lanita won't even take certain people's cases. So that's, I'm, I'm gonna talk to her. 'cause Nita needs to be the one to go get rich. Don't worry about not taking certain people's money so the rest of us can have something.


Right. We, We love y'all so much. We gonna be in Kentucky soon. And this particular effort is, feels like we have days to push as hard as possible. So let's talk offline and figure out what that looks like and continue to, to, to, and and to activate our base. We have a base, we built a base in Kentucky across the state of people who just need to know what to do. And we need to give them that and get them to work. That's right. Y'all love you. Congratulations Congrat again.


Bye y'all.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca Cola, Copyright 2024, the Coca Cola Company.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today. Nissan Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This Is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue Global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at Purdue Global dot edu.


People thought it was impossible to build a firm lifted booty and flatten and shrink your abs at the same time. But we've cracked the code. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. And if you wanna lose weight while you build a firm round booty and flat tight abs, even that lower pooch, you need to start the 80 day Obsession Fitness and Eating program on Monday. 80 workouts shot in real time. It's like you're training with the cast as they make progress day by day. Crazy booty gains, flat, tight abs. We tested it and proved it and now it's your turn. There's no subscription needed. You can get this in-home program for less than a dollar a workout and own permanent digital access. But here's the thing, we're inviting you to get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. And if you don't see results in your butt and abs in the first 30 days, you get your money back, no questions asked. So get 80 day obsession by Friday. So you can start on Monday. Go to 80 day obsession.com. That's 80 day obsession.com.


Listen, it's a, it's a fight. It's a struggle. It's a, it's, we like this. Every, we Always, we always in the trenches, man. That's what we do, man. So shout out to Keto Emini here. Senator. Representative. Senator. Senator, Senator. Shout out to Ms. Paris, right, Councilwoman. That's right. And shout out to Esquire la That's right. So all the work we've done, man, like you said, we built a real family in Kentucky. Now I, I wanted to make sure that we, we talked about that little piece of justice that we got, man for all those years. You know, there was tears, there was, there was tear gas, you know, there was a lot of things.


There was lost. There was, we lost other people during that that lost their life, you know, during those times. So I just wanna say that when we fight, we win, man. We, we don't, you know, we don't always win, but when we fight, you know, we actually Win anyway. You Win anyway. Exactly. Because, because you fought, you know, so I just want us to understand when people say, oh, what you marching for, what you doing that for? We, we marched so that we could see some justice for Breonna Taylor and, and actually have we marched so we can make sure that Daniel Cameron didn't become the governor. These are things that we march for and we understand when we make our voices loud and we show our unity and we are intentional about things, those things actually happen.


So absolutely, absolutely. What don't you get today, sir? What Don't I get today? And it is, it's, it's pretty much simple because it, it goes along with this, you know, we're talking about dissent decrees and PR and practices, and we talking about all these laws that can be activated and things that need to be activated. And then we talk about an election. And what I don't get right is we, we've been very intentional about letting people understand that for us, it wasn't November 7th or Nov it was November 8th. It was the, the day after. No, it's November. The election was, it was November 6th or fifth.


It was November 5th. Y'all people are all wrong. You And I was listening the day. I don't even remember the day, but I just know we made, we were very vocal about saying that for us it was the day after election and we really needed to start organizing. And what I don't get is how there is this narrative and there's this loud people screaming, Walter, the election is open now why don't y'all just get over it? You know, Trump is the president. That's it. Just move on. What does that mean? I don't, I don't get what that means. I don't get why people don't understand that there's the process. You elect the president now you hold the president accountable. Now you are very critical. Now you make sure that things that needed to, to get, that you want to happen in your community happen.


It is not okay. We wanted a different candidate. Our candidate lost. So we don't work anymore. Like, I don't even understand why people think that's, that's how it goes. Every time I have a conversation or you post something about, okay, these are the people that, you know, the president-elect is putting in this cabin, and they go, oh, y'all just saw losing. No, we want you to understand the process. We want you to understand who to hold accountable for certain things inside our communities. Things that's going on inside government laws that we need to be passed. Laws that are, are, are, haven't been passed. We want everybody to be aware. We not supposed to just go to sleep, the election is over and we just go to bed because no, it doesn't work like that. So I, I really don't get why people think that now because Trump is, is the, has been elected president and he wasn't the person that we wanted to be elected president, that we supposed to just sail off into the sunset and be quiet for four years.


I just don't understand that. Well, I don't have anything to add to that. It is what it is. I've never not been fighting against elected officials Emini here, literally even when they're my friends. This is what I told 'em. I said for an opponent, I, you know, I supported Mayor de Blasio's him becoming mayor in New York City. I don't know if I, I don't think I, I don't think I endorsed him. I can't remember at this point. But I do know that while Mayor de Blassio was mayor, especially in the beginning, I was a supporter of his because I knew what he had committed to.


He was out there, he was protesting with us against stop and frisk. He was extremely vocal about reform, dealing with policing in New York City. He also was very supportive of the, the Community Violence intervention community. He was one to give a number of dollars, millions of dollars in his budget to community violence intervention advocates and grassroots workers and leaders across the city. And so I supported that as soon as he started to waiver because the police turned their backs on him. And he had a number of challenges in terms of dealing with, specifically with police abuse.


And then there were other issues. And I'm not trying to re-litigate the de blassio time, but you know, we, we do know that while he was Mayor Daniel Pantaleo, which is the officer who killed Eric Garner, he, the mayor's response to that and the way he handled the situation and the fact that his own Police Department refused to move forward with very significant and serious accountability measures for Daniel Pantaleo. We said, well, the, the nice, what do you call it? The nice oh damn, what is it called?


The, the, the, the honeymoon period is all. And we went to fighting him and we'll continue to do so with anybody. Eric Adams. It doesn't matter who it is. Joe Biden has also been a recipient of us protesting being out there. I intended to continue to do that with Vice President Harris. And we are gonna do it under Donald Trump. The stakes are higher. The ability for Trump to target our community and, and target us specifically. We already know that that is in fact, a if no one wants to go box, when you are X amount of height and x amount of weight, and you gonna go take on the heavyweight champion of The World, knowing that that is not somebody who you actually have the ability to fight and win.


That's stupid. If you do that, something is wrong with you. And, and, And I am not saying that you shouldn't take on big opponents, but for me, every, every single time we fight, if you fighting against government officials and people in positions of power, it's a huge fight. It is, it is significant. But you can still choose within something that is more likely for you to be able to win. And so that's what we always said. But we know we would have to fight anybody who is in, you know, in, in Washington. And it's not just Washington. It is Washington.


We now here, it's in Kentucky, it's in Albany, New York. It's in every single place across this country where we as a people feel oppressed and feel that we are lacking the types of resources that we need in order to have successful communities. So it is what it is. You are right. Fight We gonna fight and we ain't gonna never stop fighting. We going keep on fighting and we gonna fight, fight, fight until the end. Please. Goodnight. Ain't no good night, man. Listen. Another episode of the best podcast in America, TMI, my partner in crime, Justice, I'm not, I I don't do crime, Justice crime.


Well, we do justice crime. I Don I don't, I don't do justice. I don't do nothing, anything that has the word crime in it. Justice. Crime. I'm not justice. Crime. We're justice. Crime. I don't do crime. I Hello everybody out there. Tamika Mallory does not do crime. That's all I can Know. Justice, crime. We do justice, crime, justice, crime. But we wanna thank y'all for continue to support us. We wanna thank our guests, you know, representative Senator Elect, Harran Shameika, Paris Wright, our councilwoman, and also attorney Lanita Baker for joining us. We appreciate y'all, we appreciate our fans for always supporting us. And I'm not gonna always be right Tamika d Mar's not gonna always be wrong, but we both always and Emini here.


Always be authentic. Thanks. That's How we own it.


Looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Cmba life at jumbo Casino dot com. BG W Group, no purchase necessary Board web prohibited by lossy terms and conditions.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses, You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you Say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte through Two shots of espresso? After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva Raybin Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart Glasses.


Did you know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Hey there, it's Scott Patterson from I Am All In Again podcast life. Short talk Fast stream, Gilmore Girls on Hulu. That's right. Grab your coffee and get cozy because all seven seasons of Gilmore Girls are now on Hulu Stream. All the witty banner, heartwarming moments, and awkward Friday night dinners with Lauralei Rory, and the eclectic mix of characters. Whether you're rewatching or going Gilmore for the first time. Hulu has you covered, it's a show, it's a lifestyle. It's now streaming on Hulu.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth. Did you know that Future Health, the best online weight loss program is giving millions of people access to affordable weight loss meds for less than $3 a day? Just go to try fh.com and take their quick three minute survey to get started. Try fh.com. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Try fh.com. Try Fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.