
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big


moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing Massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today.


Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional. Features at t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table.


At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


I'm Tamika d Mallory and It's your boy, my son in general. We are your host of TMI Tamika and my son's Information, truth, motivation and inspiration. New name, new energy, but Same old us. What's going on? My son Lennon. Good. Actively black. Muhammad Ali. I love the actively black. Yes, yes, Yes. That's our, that's our thing. That's my thing. And I can't even say anything 'cause you put me on and you was telling me you need to be And I was like, okay, I got To get you some Actively Black. That's right. I love Actively black. That's our people. So the state of the People Power tour is in progress and you know, for people who don't know, the state of the People Power Tour is an effort that came out of the state of the people 24 hour marathon that ran at the same time that Donald Trump was intending to col to do his.


He, which he did, his State of the Union address. We said they gonna be lying and fear mongering and hate throwing. It's so funny because anyway, I'll say they said, that's what we said. That's what they gonna be doing over here. We are going to be organizing, educating, informing our people and you know, coming together in community. And I just really have to give a lot of credit to the entire state of the people family because it is certainly a labor of love. A lot of people are involved and working 24 hours a day under the, the guidance of our drill sergeant captain, which is Angela Rye, who has been keeping us going from day to day.


Shout out to Angela. Absolutely. We have to have her on to talk about, you know, what, what we have been able to accomplish as a team. And she's really, really committed to keeping us on task. Making sure it doesn't fall apart. That people don't be like, oh, I'm busy. I got this going on. You know, how we do it always takes somebody to drive the mission and she definitely is taking on that role. And I know how hard it is because as you know, I often am in that role and you know, it, it gets to be really difficult. But the state of the People Power Tour is now a tour across the country that really is designed to examine our power, right?


Which we know we have, right? People locally have been doing work for a long, they ain't never been able to depend on systems. It doesn't matter who's in office, Democrats, republicans, whoever it is, maybe in their local town, it might be an independent. They still have to have systems in place to ensure that the black community specifically and of course other vulnerable populations, but this is about black folks, that they can survive sustainability. And we have never ever been able to rely on the government to do everything that's necessary on a hyper, hyper hyperlocal level for our communities.


Now you have some people who get in charge and they make things worse. And some people who marginally or incrementally make things better or at least they don't do much harm to our communities. And that's kind of where we find ourselves. And I respect that there are people who are just tired of participating in that cycle. So the state of the People power tour is not about who you voting for. It it is, it isn't about that. Now for some people locally it is for them because they have people that they got, you know, running for office and you know, people who they believe are better for their communities. And that's fine. We, we are not in any way in charge of that. This tour is not endorsing any particular candidates.


This tour is not about that. It is really about building power and being in community with our people traveling the country, meeting folks who have solutions. Because again, these people have been doing this work. They're like, Hey, you know, we know this is pretty terrible everything that's happening in this country. But over here we have Farmer's Market, so we know how to feed one another. We have jobs that we've created, community centers, anti-violence programs, ways to govern our own communities. You know, we, we do all that over here. That's right. So we go around the country finding our people, some of them we know others we are meeting in this process, uplift their work.


We have these big platforms, million here, a million, this one, A million people that one a million people. All this different organizations have so many people. So building power is important. Again, being a community. And then you have people, mice who are seriously afraid. They may have been impacted or they're in a situation, maybe they're in a job. 'cause black folks are in jobs where they're, the diversity, equity and inclusion rollbacks are impacting them. So they've either lost their jobs. There's a lot of black folks that may not be talking about it, but they, they may not be talking about it publicly, but they certainly calling us behind the scenes saying they threatening us.


They're changing everything. They're takeout, black takeout specific language that's for our communities. You know, these things are happening. You got people who work for the federal government that are being terminated. You got folks who are feeling it and they know, and, and a lot of times be because of the lawsuits. They always telling you don't talk too much about it because it's not much you can say when they're fighting to get you reinstated to get the federal workers back. So, but there are a lot of people who are afraid. There's some people, none of that's happened too. They just sitting back watching and they're saying, what in the hell is going on? I'm afraid I'm scared. And we don't want our people to be out there feeling like the movement has somehow gone, you know, black or whatever.


Dark, dark is a better way to describe it. No, we are still active. We are still organizing, we're still meeting, we're still strategizing. And, and, And I think I love this, Angela says that this tour is a love letter to black people. That we still here and we with you and you are with us and we are in this together. And when I think about the people who have been major players, Emini here, there's so many people. I do not even wanna get in trouble by naming the folks, but I do suggest that people go to state of the ppl.com, that state of the ppl.com, where you can learn more about those folks who are engaged, people who are organizing.


And you know, many of you have, have already noticed that there is a meme where you see more and more black people saying, I'm in, I'm in, I'm gonna participate somehow in this tour. And so it's 10 cities, which is the initial part of the tour. There's to be more to be done afterwards, everywhere. We've already kicked off in Atlanta, also North Carolina and moving forward to New Orleans, to Birmingham, Alabama to California. Altadena specifically going to, you know, Detroit, Michigan, and you know, doing some impactful work.


And I know there are more places, but again, go do the research, check it out, find out where you can come, Newark, New Jersey, Louisville, Kentucky, which our organization until Freedom is really engaged in those two cities. And a lot of people, people with all different skills and backgrounds. That's what I love. On one thing about trauma, when your community or when we get hit with trauma, the one thing we will do is figure out how to come together. And what I love about the state of the People Power tour is that you have people working together who are like bonafide grassroots down to the ground activists. I'm talking about the ones that you see them and they, you'll never see them in a room with other people.


But then you also have folks who are in the, you know, the, the more considered to be, let's be clear, you know, talented 10th, whatever that means. I don't even, I take that back, that's not even a thing. But people who may see themselves to be very elite and, and and, and they're working the Black bourgeoisie, well I don't know, they don't really like, Well they don't like to being coded, but I'm saying the grassroots would normally consider them. That's What the Grassroots enig or the black bourgeoisie Emini here. It's pretty much an understanding that we need each other. That's right. Right. We, we are at a time in history where all people black, all people in marginalized communities really realize how Not all people realize All, well I'm just saying the majority people realize the times we are in, you know, and if you, if you've experienced, see what's happening is this, those who have experienced the luxuries of, you know, being able to benefit from the accommodations made in our constitution and being able to benefit off DEI and be able to go to school based off DEI and be able to get jobs based off those situations.


Not because they weren't smart enough because they didn't have opportunities and opportunities were provided for them. And now they're a able to create generational wealth or were able to create gen and seeing those things diminish and just disappear. And those who've never had that are now realizing that they're on the same exact wavelength and now they have to come together and we have to come together and, and create what the agenda for Black America is and be united in that. And like you said, it's trauma. Unfortunately we always unite in trauma, you know, and that's why we say, look, we look at situations, a lot of people say, you know, this Trump presidency, you know, even though it's way worse than the last one, it's what it's going to take to make us revolt in a manner that we need to, to come together and create what it is that is, is necessary for black people.


And I think this is one of those steps in which we go into different states and different towns and we're getting the agenda and find out what do you believe that we need to be doing? Right? I think that's what's always been the issue. You know, we all have our individual and say, well me and my people, we need this and me, what do we all need collectively that we can have? So it doesn't matter who the candidate is, right, right. Party that we come to and say, Hey, this right here is what we need. Black people all around this country said this is what we need. You know, and, and, and when they realize that that's what it is, it is going take to get our votes and to move us, and then we could create our own candidates, right? Because now we have a prototype of what it is.


So we actually growing our own candidates, we are growing our own elected officials because now we have a blueprint of exactly what we want. We are sending our kids to the schools, we are educating 'em in a manner we, we utilizing all of our skill sets. 'cause now you have, those have been in the suites and those have been in the streets and they're getting a little bit of the people from the streets and they gonna teach you how to fight there. And then they telling you, the suites is telling you how you navigate in that strategy strategizing. And that's what it's gonna take. It's gonna take a very nuanced, complex, multi, you know, intersectional movement for us. And because that's what they've done. They've created, they've created someone who has the, the the will of their poor people, right?


To, to it's the will, the the which the, he appeals to the fact that they feel like they've been disenfranchised, right? Then he appeals to the white supremacists who want, who have money and money isn't wanna be white supremists who want to be white supremacists who just wanna focus on money and you know, and they're appealing to everything. They're appealing to the lower vibration in every one of these people, right? And that's what America, America is so built on low vibrations that, you know, it seems like the majority, but it's not. You know, just because that's what media and social media teaches us or promotes to us is that's what we need to focus on the most low vibration thing we gotta focus on. If I don't got money then I ain't got this.


If we ain't got sex, if we ain't got this, if we ain't hoarding all of the resources we need, it's only us. We like, there's a whole world and they have made us believe America. America first is such a a, a crazy thing to me because we have a whole world with billions of people in it. And we are sitting there telling people, nah, we gonna, we going to alienate. We just gonna focus on that. That ideology in itself is a failing ideology, right? Because we supposed to be it's resources is when we travel outside of this country, right? And we visit other countries, we realize how beautiful it is, how many different nationalities, how many different cultures it is. Why would we wanna isolate ourselves to just America for what, what, how has that benefit?


Why would we would not want to trade with other countries and, and build with other countries and, and be unified with other countries and, and not have to focus on, we gotta have four or five allies because we might have to go to war and don't every Week. We have Four every week. We gotta like, it doesn't even make sense. And, and but that's what, that's what they have succeeded in doing, right? Because people are disenfranchised and they are purposely disenfranchised. They've created all of these things about the immigrants and this, and they, and they tell you that the reason why you ain't got stuff 'cause the immigrants got it, but they stealing billions of dollars and they make billions of dollars and they able to spend 200 million a day on shit that makes no sense. But you don't have nothing because the immigrant that came here that didn't have nothing that's trying to get a job and they make you focus on him and not focus on the people who's really stealing from you.


But this is what America is. And I think in this time right now, blacks need to be on, on code, on cue and on point about what it is necessary for us to get to where we need to be. But there's gonna be some people who gonna say, well, well Ice Cube, he had a plan and he put the plan forward and people didn't follow or support. And y'all said, I wanna remind folks that, 'cause I saw somebody tell a lot the other day that I didn't, we Attacked Cube attacked, we didn't support. Yeah. And no, no, no, no. What I said was timing is everything. Yeah. And when you, in the middle of a moment where Lucifer is trying to become president in this very second right here and You humanizing this, well, he met with me about my thing, but he never Had.


But because he didn't do nothing about, but because he Never was He, but that's his whole on and didn't do anything. But he, he's very, he was strategic about that. But, but okay, fine, whatever. What I said again, let me repeat myself, is that the time to present the plan is when there was 900,000 people running for the Democratic nomination, right? That was the time to present the plan so that you could find somebody of those 900,000 People. Thing is, even if it wasn't a Democrat, it wasn't Trump. Right. If you, if you were saying to yourself that you liked the Republicans better, they were saying Republicans, it was actually some saying Republicans well, at that time, but remember they didn't have Oh yeah, they didn't even have have a Yeah, they didn't Emini here.


I I think they had a primary but they decided pretty quickly. Yeah, he was going to be the guy. Yeah. And it was So I'm saying that I I'm saying that there was a time, there was a time when there was 900,000 people running and, and all I'm suggesting is that that was a great time for us to know that you had the plan so we could go force the people to do the stuff that's in the plan. And it's Ultimately, and ultimately And well I was, I'm sorry, one last thing and number two is that some of us might have wanted to see the plan so we could have actually helped to Promote it because it's a, if it is a plan for black America, yeah a bunch of Should be, lot of people that know about it, that Sit around it should be hundreds, not thousands of black people that feel like they Understand because you gonna go meet with people about your plan.


That's for us. Yeah. Emini here, it just, I don know it was in good, I think it was in good faith. It was in good faith. I think it was in good faith. I just think that when you understand organizing and when you doing something by the people and for the people, then the people gotta be involved. It Is that. So the hence the target boycott from day one. We've been trying to keep everybody informed of everything. It's not, it's not easy. It's not easy. So for my thought of the day today, so you know, there's a lot happening with Bully Trump and his co-partner, co-president Elon Musk. Where is Elon Musk? Have you seen Elon in Alaska?


I ain't seen Elon. Elon Done. Guy outta dog. Elon said, y'all messing with my top Tesla. Tesla. He up Tesla trying to figure it out man. Elon said, look, y'all messing up this bread man, Okay. And then we won't outta, And I bet you some other people probably called the White House and say, because I haven't, I haven't heard from him since Vance, JD Vance was talking about him. Yeah, I bet you a white folk called down there to the White House and said y'all have to get this man outta here 'cause he is too much. He's problem. You over here talking about he had a chainsaw, which I didn't even know that. So that what I'm saying, chain was the thing. That's what I'm saying. So we ain't heard from him, but that doesn't mean he's not still doing this thing.


I don they done already allegedly, you know, took what they need to. And he said that Trump, the system terror was stupid. So that I ain't heard from him since then either. It's just, it's just where is he? We we should do where's where Elon Musk, right? Well for you we need to do that. But he definitely needs to be gone and not but until it's an announcement that he's absolutely gone, then he's not gone. And Trump said the other day, oh well I what'd he say? He said, no, he, you know, he's very talented. You know, at some point he was gonna have to go back. It ain't been a year, Some point you gotta go back to work. Yeah, It ain't even, but this ain't no job. Like stop trying, we know three car Marley, we saw that before we Been doing this.


So we a long time, we, we from New York City, we know exactly about three Car mile. We know three Car Molly. So any who, any who I was thinking, you know, because we've been saying as it relates to this whole target situation, which by the way, a bunch of non-believers, oh you know everybody that why, why not everybody, but there were people why Target, why are you doing this? First of all, trying to get folks to focus on 16 things at one time. It has not ever worked. It is, it is just, we just, and the way that The World moves in the speed of lightning, if you don't have a focus on something, you, you, your, your, your attention deficit disorder can just take you spiraling outta control.


So we know what we, we do Anyway. So with that being said, but as we've been talking And I told you that in a conversation with a meeting that we had with the target executives, Nina Turner, Jamal Bryan and myself, we asked what is the difference between Target and Delta. Target and Costco, right? Because those folks have said 10 toes down, we ain't doing it. We staying with diversity, equity, and inclusion right now. They need to say they're gonna do better, which we can keep this, there's levels to this thing.


But they said they sticking with it, they're not getting rid of their programs. So what is the difference with Target? And it made me And I, when I said it on the call, sure I believe that. I know, but it becomes more crystal clear to me as I watch Harvard because Harvard is being bullied. Donald Trump says he wants, he going, he gonna hold $2 billion. Now he's up to another billion. And Harvard said, listen, we you can go, you can kick rocks, we gonna sue you, we gonna fight you. And we're saying, no we are not. And he produce the best lawyers in The World. Right. You know they legal genius.


That's right. Why? Mm Well some of them, they do produce very, very good lawyers. But there's some great lawyers that are coming from HBCUs and other I'm saying I'm, they produce a lot of, they do, they do, they do. People who gone to Harvard for the most part, if they really with, they are not just because they, somebody bought their, bought their way in. 'cause we saw that, we know how that was going down. But people who really went there and studied, they get something from it. And absolutely. So you're right. But Harvard said Kick rocks not doing it. Now the funny thing about it, and by the way, Harvard has a, an endowment, billions of dollars of an endowment.


That's what endowments are for. Something happened. There's a rainy day or a situation, you can still take care of your business and maintain the institution no matter what's going on. That is a lot of rules and this, and voting and boards and whatever. But nonetheless, that's what you have. You have a pocket of money or a bucket of money that is there to sustain you. Right? So they they they, they, they basically like let's play a game. 'cause we know you, you wanna bully us, but if we look the devil in his eye, he a flee from you. That's right. Is that not, that's the word. Is that not the word? Okay. Columbia pretty much has said they was gonna do whatever Trump wanted.


Right? They, they announced, we hear you, we going get rid of this and that and do we going to do this to the students and put these rules and Emini here. They they went along with a bunch of stuff that was crazy and embarrassing when Harvard said, we gonna fight back and created or whoever created the Big 10, which is a bunch of educational institutions that are joining forces to fight back. Now Columbia has sort of started to, to walk back some of what they've agreed to. Columbia's like, yeah, actually we really not gonna let the federal government tell us, take away all of our autonomy.


That's their statement, quote and quote. Right? It took the courage of one to stand up and now that courage has become contagious, one became contagious. Now other people are like, oh, okay, I I I could stand up too. I'm gonna speak out too. I'm gonna join the fight. And my thought of the day is that we have to, no matter what the naysayers be, people on your, on your team, your family members, your friends, people to the left and right of you are telling you this ain't gonna work. Why y'all in Target? What about John and this company and that company? Yeah, them companies, they also need to be on the list.


But it takes you to be able to show one, just one, just one. Since we as black women especially like to go to your store and we walk around for four, five hours and, and we, we became besties with you 'cause Michelle Obama said y'all was tar. Somebody reminded me of that the other day. Michelle Obama said y'all was tar and we love it. We done, we we love you and we up in there spending money and you got the audacity, first of all to say you gonna roll something back and didn't even meet with the business owners or the people, the community or anything you wanna meet. Now, maybe you should have met before, but you would've had to respect your consumer base and respect the people who actually are helping to keep your company in one of the top whatever number they are of those big box brands.


So for me it just reminds me and it underscores that we are on the right issues. That if you are a company who has decided that you want to stand with those or at least try to somehow seem like you are on the same page with this administration's racism, bigotry and oppression, suppression of people, we have the right to say, we don't even need to argue with you. Let's just take our little stuff. Our little bit of you don't need it. You didn't even need it. Yeah, you didn't even need it. So simple thought of the day is it takes the courage of one and it takes the sometimes a precise battle to be able to spread to others, to one alert them we are not playing.


Yeah. And two, show us the power of what we can do when we come together. Listen Man, Boycott target, Boycott target because t target is boycotted us Emini here. You know what I'm saying? We just, we just following suit man. You don't want us, you know what I'm saying? We, we get it man. You may, you said, look, I'm breaking up with you and we said we going To go. No, they said we breaking up but we still got some stuff for you. But it just, we can't tell that. Nah, They just wanna have sex with you. Oh, I'm, they don't want to go with no my son. See they don't wanna go with you no more, but they want to call you a little booty call hitting No, my my son. No, no, no. Can't get none of this. Forget it. You Can't get none of this. Oh my god. And now you realizing you got that we had that good, good.


And you like damn man, what we going to do? Yeah, Yeah. We the best you ever had. Thank you. Thank you for Ain't no more booty called Now you listen, you done broke Up. Thank this. Oh my god. You ain't gonna break up with us in the daytime and try to get a little bit at nighttime. It ain't gonna work man. So we we on you, we on you. This is terrible moving, right? Look, do you have the TMI for today? Are people still doing too much? People are doing way, way too much. I don't know if this is too much, right? Because you know Trump's tariffs, were they up to like 245% against China? So we in, we In the tariffs Emini here, this is like not even making sense. Emini here listen in tar word. What, who, Where did The formula come from?


Where In the tariff war with a country, a nation that we have allowed to outsource most of our things with in hopes that now people in America say, you know what we going, we just gonna build all the things that they got and we going to fund out. But now what we doing is we, we we are eliminating the fact that we have import export companies that are going to be disenfranchised. We have certain trucking businesses that they can go to those docks to get through all of these places that have built their industries off the import export building business mainly going to China are going to close down. So only thing you're doing is actually sacrificing, you're interchanging those.


So it's not going to build anything and you are gonna end the relationship with the country. But that's not even a thing right now China has said, okay, so we at war, so what I'm gonna do is let y'all know the The consumer. The consumer, them $5,000 bags y'all paying for, they made right here in this little factory for about 30, $40. And if you want 'em, we can ship 'em to you personally. Since, since since this what y'all want to do, we gonna let you know the back is made in China, it ain't made in whatever you think it is and we got 'em right here. They charging you 5,000, 10,000. We got 'em for about $5,000.


Man. What you, what You wanna do? 50 50. They charge 5,000 and they on every site letting you know this. Oh this the game y'all wanna play. They playing dirty. So are they doing too much by exposing, because I think that people are stupid anyway. Y y'all, y'all love to spend more money because if it's saying costs more money and y say it's more value, right? So they letting y'all know that they be playing y'all and some people gonna be like, I'm not buying and it's the same bag. This is, this is how we have been conditioned to just do bullshit. It's the same bag. If somebody put the same exact bag and they tell you this bag right here is $500 and this one is 50,000, some people gonna say I want that $50,050,000 bag and you going buy.


And, and so I'm just saying to myself, is it even gonna work because we so materialistic and we wanna have what's called high level fashion anyway that once high End sir, High end and high level whatever it is, high end fashion anyway, that people going to still want to pay $5,000 for the $30 bag. So are they doing too much? Are they wasting their time? Is it gonna make sense? Are we going to fall for or are we going? Because listen to me, China, I let me get about 10 20 these bags 'cause I know I can sell 'em here. I could, I could create No, but you can't sell 'em because the logo is not gonna be on them. See that's the thing, the reason why the bags cost more money is because the people like Hermes is one that, that Chyna put this information out about.


Hermes puts they, first of all, this is so crazy, which, And I was watching the video, I said, whew. They said China ships the product to Europe. Europe puts the stamp and the serial number and all the hardware on it that comes from this com from from Hermes and her Hermes. And then they send it over here to America. So when they send it over here, they send it from Europe. So you think you can made in use some European stuff? They don't and really They don't rip that made it China off. That's what China said now. And Then they go over here and they put it made in Europe and then they ship it here.


They don't say made in Europe. I think it might still say made in China or maybe it doesn't say it at all. 'cause I would imagine they paid them a little more to take everything off of it. I have to look 'cause I am a victim. I'm not a victim. It's a by choice. No, you're it's by choice. It's by choice. But I'm not a person that says I'm not willing to buy this $500 thing. I'd rather the 50,000, I have all of it. I got something. I don't have nothing 50,000, but I have all of it. I have high end stuff, suppo, you know, quote unquote with the logo. And I have things that I value that are very good quality that come from different people and especially black folks that cost something that is much more reasonable. So I'm across the spectrum, just to be clear.


However, I am one of those people who have purchased things that are very expensive and it came from this brand and that brand. So I'm just saying that when target target me, when China puts this information out, it does make you sit back and be like, this is very interesting. They send it to Europe, but always and Europe to us. Yeah. 'cause you don't really care. You wear a little bit of name brand, but that ain't your thing. Yeah, It's not a thing because I realize that somebody is is jerking you. Somebody is skimming the skin. It is funny. That was funny though. When you, when you start selling clothes and you get into like fashion, you start realizing that it, you go downtown and people is buying 20 and $30 jeans and they bring up town, they're selling for 200.


So if that's just happening in that, in the, the, the micro, I know what these people is making and how they doing it. So listen might be TMI but might not be. There's that, it might not be TMI maybe. I think it's it, I think people need to know they need to can Make need go look it up Decision because there are people out here that kill over this stuff and die, die over it. Work they whole life won't buy nothing else before they get whatever this thing is that has a symbol of status. So, but that, that was you, that was a good one. Yeah. That was very hilarious. Now speaking of where folks are getting products and stuff, man I tell you they, they trying to kill us.


This lady that is coming up right now, our next guest is about to talk about something that's really serious. Like our health is at risk for people's greed, for people's lack of care. And, and again, a lot of stuff that we are getting from other places around The World, they really don't care if it's killing black women and killing black people. And so we are about to learn a little bit more about that. And like I said, it's really personal for me because I'm one of the individuals who who needs needs. The service that this woman is coming up to talk about The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year.


Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyland views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, Ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting a rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dream it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to at&t dot com slash guarantee. ATT connect and changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life insurers.


So this conversation that we are about to have is so serious. I don't even know if we've ever talked about anything on this show that's more serious than that. Than this because my health is at risk. I love me some braids. Got to have some braids. This is part of my lifestyle. I try and even when I have my bundles in my head, there's braids underneath. So there are literally braids in my hair. Probably 355 days. 50, what is it? 365 days. About 360 days of the year.


I have braids in my head. I just want everybody to understand because I only got about five days of all through a whole year of taking it out. Maybe a night of letting it just be free. But I keep my hair done. So I'm in, I'm trying to figure out what's going on. So we have this sister who is here with us today, Kadeja Doso who is the CEO and founder of Doso Beauty. And that is a company that is the first clinically tested non-toxic, hypoallergenic, braiding hair and organic hair care brand on the market.


The first, that sounds like that's what I'm talking a young beautiful woman who you have been recognized by Forbes 30 under 30, refinery 29 and you name it, I think you also won the competition with, what's his name? Pharrell Ferrell. Yeah. So you are like making headway, making headlines. $1.8 million in sales. And your company just started in 2024? No, we j we started in 2018. Oh, in 2018? Yes. Okay. But 2024 is when you began to get the recognition. Yeah. Okay. We got a lot of recognition. 24, 24 and Emini here in these past two months, we've jumped by 800% in sales.


Okay. So there, so all, it's a lot happening, which you were saying the political dynamics are shifting people's focus towards black businesses. Then of course health is a thing. And I love knowing that you guys started in 2018 because what that consistently underscores for our young people and for other people who think that this is the social media, it pops up and just happens era. It doesn't, people are building things for years before we see the finished product and before you actually get the credit. So you're saying that for six years you were moving around and doing stuff, but you begin to get a focus and the recognition in terms of headlines and whatnot in 20, so it took you six years.


Yeah. 20, 24. Yeah. Yeah. It's definitely been a culmination of time. Okay. Just, you know, because we, we deal with people every day and people Think tomorrow you supposed to be rich. Yeah, no. Like they like No, I I just did it. Why? Why I ain't got the money. Because you ain't put the work in. Yeah. You got the struggle before you could really strive. You don't understand. They don't Understand that that was a bar mice. So you gotta struggle before you can strive. There you go. But I don't wanna always struggle, so I'm kind With the people. Nobody always struggle. But the thing is, you, you, you're building a house, like you're building something, there's a foundation right Before you build this foundation, it's mud, it's this and that and you have to make it solid. Mm. So that they just, it don't blow away. It's like the little piggy's houses man, you know, three, all of them had different houses when, you know, when they built to that brick though, it's gonna last long.


So you just gotta understand what it is that you're doing. So that's why I'm saying we appreciate you because this is, this is the lessons that our kids need to understand that there is a process that it takes time. 'cause most of they just go on the internet and they see people go viral one day and somebody's viral and they be like, yo, I was popping. I didn't even know I woke up And I was viral. And that knows. But there are a lot of us who had to do this brick by brick who had to put the work in, you know? And there's a story behind it. And the thing I I, the thing that I always tell people is those closest to the problem are closest to the solution. Right. So when you, you created this out of something, a reaction that you had to synthetic hair.


Yeah. Explain. Explain how that happened. Yeah. So I was living here in New York And I got my hair braided in Brooklyn And I had a severe allergic creation Emini. Here there's something called dermatitis bumps. So it's a little tiny bumps that you like, Ooh, it's pulling or, so it was actually the braiding hair. I called myself being precautious by getting a clean therapy, like pre cleansed hair, pretreated hair. But the hair is still super toxic. Mm. Most people don't notice. But braiding hair includes lead, mercury and a bunch of other carcinogens car that literally cause us cancer. Damn. What does VOCs, what is that? So those are different compounded ingredients that help that they basically help us to cause cancer, you know?


Mm. So those different compounds and ingredients, they are mixed together, especially when you put other chemicals together. And the basis of the connection fiber, when they started to create it in 1950 something, it was built together. So it can last longer, it can be shiny, it can take to color, it can be flame retardant, heat resistance. So basically it's toxic chemicals. Hmm. Toxic chemical. Okay. So Johnson and Johnson, I think about our brother attorney Benjamin Crump who is suing Johnson and Johnson because clearly the baby powder, the Alcon and other things were not good for us.


I think Revlon is one of the other companies as well. So we know that there's a history of these toxins specifically harming black folks. Which sometimes I wonder like how, why is it everything? It just Specifically us the worst in the most. It's Not, I don't understand. Yeah. I Emini here. So how, why is it that the, and I'm not saying that there haven't been white folks, white women Yeah. Who also use talcum powder and they got, you know, what do we get? Cyst. Cyst and things like that. Cancer causing cyst. I'm not saying that, but we know the numbers are not the same. Yeah. And I just try to understand why. Is it, do you know, maybe you don't, maybe this is off topic, but do you understand like what is it that the products are specifically bad for us as black people?


I think for me, honestly, you really gotta take a look at the ownership of the actual industry. So most people don't know, but like almost 89% of all ethnic haircare products are owned by white and Korean men. Mm. Do you think that they research what might harm their own people and make sure that it's not as prevalent in the product and they don't care about the rest of the folks? I think they care about time. I think they care about money, the speed, how much money they can make off of it. But as far as health is concerned, I think that's the last part on their list. No matter what, no matter. And when you think About it, not to say but who is really getting braids, you know what I'm saying?


So they, The white girls are using, but I was talking about talcum powder, so I'm, I was on Johnson Johnson Johnson kind of, you know, just thinking about like Johnson and Johnson and Redlon, the, the, there is a specific impact for black women with those products, black people with those products. And a lot of times black men are impacted too because black men can get cyst and ca you know, cancer cause cyst. Yeah. But never talk about it. And that's why the death rates are so stark because most of the men are not taking care of themselves properly and not getting the proper checkups and all of that. So by the time they're gone, the research and the process of treatment and all of that, it's too late.


Yeah. You know, so it's, so there's a lot of disparities there, but I was specifically thinking about why some of those products, all the toxins harm us the most. But to your point, all of them, back to your point across the board, they're thinking about how to get these product to make the most that they can. So they wanna spread it as as much as they can, which means you need to put synthetic things when pe let's go back to, I learned a little bit from New Jack City and juice, not juice, what's of belly and all of that, that when people making drugs, they put products in it that makes it look the same. Yeah. But it's, it's what is it? Lower quality that stretches it out.


Like we know. Yeah. We saw him cook it up. We know baking powder, baking soda. Baking soda Yeah. Was a part of that. Right. And that so that, that, so we know and fentanyl is now something that is being used to stretch drugs. Yeah. And it's killing people. So this is a problem. Yeah. Like what is the FDA involved here? Is it? No, no. So that's the thing, like the other part is that there's no FDA regulation about around cosmetics, especially the ethnic haircare products that are around there. So they, people can, like I had the allergic reaction again, it said clean therapy. It said that it was pre cleansed, but that's just marketing. They, anybody can, can mock up A-A-P-D-F on Canva and say, oh, I'm gonna print this out and put it on the packaging.


Anybody can, can, there's no regulation on it. So the braiding hair that we using my hair itching right now. Yeah. I feel like I'm scratching. I wasn't even itching and now I'm itching. Yeah. So you're saying that there's no body? No. And and by the way, we watch, have you ever seen painkillers? No. No. Okay. So you have to watch painkillers, you have to watch painkillers on Netflix. Y'all, we've been telling you about it, but you find out at the end of this documentary that the guy from the FDA who was continuously denying the Percocet family, my lying, my son, their application over some year. No, no. Because he knew that it was addictive and harmful.


Yeah. And he was like, nah, this is not good for people. Yeah. They met him somewhere. It was, this is a documentary painkiller. So this supposed to be true information here. They met him somewhere at a conference or invited him to come and kind of see up close and personal what they do. Yeah. There was a meeting in the hotel room. The next thing you know, he, a year later he approves their patent and then quits the FDA and go to work for for the family stop. Yeah. What'd they pay him? They paid him a lot of money. The Sackler family. Sackler, the Sackler family.


The Sackler family. Yeah. That's crazy. They paid him. Okay. Yeah. So the FDA don't even mean nothing. Okay. But, but you telling me there is no governing body. There's no governing body. We in trouble. So like, that's why it was important for us to get our clinical trials because I wanted to make sure that, okay, my manufacturer wasn't just telling me, okay, this is nontoxic and hyper allogenic. I needed clinical trials to both say that we are clinically tested, non-toxic, and also allogenic. Wow. So what, what exact chemicals are there that causes like these cancers that cause these reactions? The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape.


And your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car.


The all new Nissan Silverado is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing mis seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's Go Places.


Lead, mercury, and a bunch of, again, other carcinogen. The biggest part about Lead and Mercury, as we know, like if Lead and Mercury aren't in any of the food items too much that we have, we consume it can cause us to have really, really like bad health concerns. But those are just two of them. There's a pu a bunch of PBS and, and other VOCs like Tamika mentioned, that literally cause cancer. They also help to induce other thyroid reactions as well too. Some people that have fibroids as well too, they see flareups. Mm. I have so many friends, quite a few friends who are, you know, they have all of these different, you know, feminine issues that are, you know, going on with their womb and with cysts and, and it, it actually makes it that worse, right?


Because the thing about braids is it's not like you've taking it on and taking it off. I'm keeping this in for weeks at a time. My pores are open, right? So what whatever chemical and as you sweat the hair, I'm sweating, it's open, it's Seeping into my bloodstream, it's coloring or whatever. Yes. Seeps it's color. Yes, it is color too. Yes, exactly. So it's color. It seasons into your mushroom. Where does the hair come from that we use for our braiding hair. Please don't tell me, don't answer. You know, you know where it comes from. I could saw something somewhere that's like, it's like terrible. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So most of, most of where everything else in this country comes from is exactly where the braiding hair comes from. So most of the braiding hair is made in China, but sold by Korean people.


So like, there's this like whole, I don't even know if y'all, if y'all dig or peep and understand the Asia empire, the Hermes Emini here. Hermes, they don't. The Chinese is spilling everything. They telling you. They telling, they said, actually, you can get this from us for $20. That's what they, it not 2000. That's what they said. Yeah. So it showed you where it's being made. Okay. The birth sitting across from each other. Like, it's, it's, it's crazy. So the Asian empire is just like a crazy conglomerate. Like, so we got Chinese people, they own restaurants and, and all those things, right? We have Korean people, right, who are notoriously known for opening up beauty supply stores.


They have trade agreements with China where they can, if my manufacturer is selling it to me for a dollar, they're gonna sell it to them for a penny. So I'm paying, you know, a hundred percent more Wow. Than what they're gonna sell it to their fellow Asian brethren And people talking about we shouldn't be doing business with each other. And listen, we don't, we ain't got time. We don't got time to do No, they don't say we, I'm Gonna help you. That's because my goal is this. If you ain't got this right, we gonna fix it. Yeah, That's right. That's Right. We gonna fix whatever's you ain't got. Right. I'm gonna fix it. I'm gonna bring my money, say, look, okay, you messed up this time, but look, this is what, and once you show the need that you want to be better Yeah. I'm gonna invest in that. Exactly. And that's what we have to do as black people, because that's what they do.


And I don't know anybody who does not think that every other ethnic group does. That is crazy. Yeah. It just because they see each other as brother and sister. Yeah. It's like if my little brother is doing something, cousins At least Yeah. My cousin, why am I not gonna invest in him? Yeah. Especially when I know he got the skillset and the the will to do it. I'm going to bet on him more than I'm gonna make sure you get rich. I'm, IM making sure that I'm creating generational wealth and, and, and black people, the only people that don't want to and, and then tell you, oh, I ain't just doing it 'cause you black. I am right. I'm gonna do it. 'cause you're black and I'm, I don't want you to be confused. Yeah. You black, you doing something And I need it. Yeah. I'm going to You. Oh, I believe in it. Thanks. And That's, that's the reality of the situation. Yeah. And we have, and we don't have to be ashamed to say that.


Well, I think the other thing that's interesting, And I saw something earlier today was about nepotism, right? Like in the sense of not just like familial, but cultural nepotism. Like, there's nothing wrong with putting other black people on. I'm for nepotism. No, same. I'm all for it. I'm for, that's why I'm doing, I'm, that's why I'm With LeBron. I wanna make sure that my LeBron said, And I got opportunity And I and my son wanna play ball. I you could play And I, that's right. Yes. But you need to be good when you get there. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm, and if you not then, but I'm gonna give you the opport opportunity. I'm Gonna give you the Opportunity. Because even the, the thing is this, right? 'cause people try to tell bro he wasn't good. Right? All right. That's It started out he was having, he was going through the things and he created, They was in his mind through his son.


He was in His head, no, you gonna be able to mess up a little bit. We ain't just throwing you up because I control this. Right, right, right. I'm the face of this. Right. And I say, my sons gonna get some, okay, we're gonna sit him down to the other league. Right. And we're gonna let you get, but don't worry about it. You gonna get, look, you listen, they gonna talk crazy about you. That's what come with the game. But you going to have every opportunity now if you fuck this up, it's on you because I'm giving you every, and next thing you know, he was going 40 and 30 and and they were like, oh, Ron, nah, don't say that because that's what you supposed to do to your son. That's it. That's what we supposed to do to our kids brother. We gotta let them. I I, I'm a soccer dad, so my son goes out there. He might have to have a, a bad quote or a bad game And I be like, don't worry about it. And I'm near every game so the coach know that I'm here for my son. Y'all not, y'all gonna make sure that he get all the opportunities.


I'm gonna scream at the top of my lung. I'm gonna curse the the ref. I'm going to make him feel so comfortable to be able to be 100% of himself. Yeah. And that's what we supposed to do as parents. Mm. Yeah. You supposed to. Right. Emini here. So since we supporting you right. Tell us some more about your products. Yeah. You know, so now you, you have this product here that, and do, do people believe in you? How, where do you think the click happened for folks starting to support and respect your work? So I think it was so funny enough, I conducted my clinical trials last year, well before. And Princeton reached out to me directly.


They found our brand and they were like, Hey, we could help to test your hair to make sure it's hyperallergenic. I was always putting pressure on my manufacturer to be like, yo, like we gotta make sure we get testing, testing, testing for regulation. And so I decided to do that way ahead of when the c the consumer report just got released two months ago. Once the consumer report got released, people kind of were like, oh, well I don't have an allergic reaction so it doesn't matter. Now since that, that got released and it showed the breakdown of all of the top 10 brands that has black women in a choke hold and has had us in a choke hold, like expressions, like shake and go. Like all of those brands, the exposure was there.


So now people are like, no, I need to find an alternative. I have to find an alternative. So that was the, the the really big peak for me. But the preparation is why we're able to do what we do and why we're able to grow by 800%. Mm. Right. Because I have the supply chain, I have the background. A lot of the other nontoxic, braiding, hair brands, they're all sold outta stock and they can't restock for months at a time. But I've already had great trade agreements with UPS with my manufacturer to be able to produce and purchase orders once a week and to get it here quick. So what is, what is the gonna be the pushback? What are the hair braiders saying? So like my, the person who braids my hair, certain hair you, she won't use.


Yeah. Right now I don't. She, I hope she know I, maybe she does, maybe she doesn't. She says pre-cleaned and she definitely tries to use quality of everything and all of that. But she I'm sure she could be educated Yeah. As well on how we can do better. Yeah. Right. So I'm, so I'm, as soon as I call, she gonna say, what? Lemme write it down. Lemme see what you're talking about. Right. Yeah. So I I I get that. But I'm sure there is there, there, there has been. And there always will be an excuse that we love white folk or anybody else folk stuff. Yeah. We love it. Everything. We gotta have it. Yes. So we'll say, no, no, no, it doesn't work because it splits and it doesn't do the thing Right.


And whatever. Is there, have you heard some of that or you think like your product is just ready and there's no issue? No, no, no. There is a lot, there's a ton of braiders who I find myself having to educate and I've even created a community called the Braid Corner to give them more education about it. Hmm. Because they would rather go purchase expressions 'cause they've been using expressions for 20 years rather than trying a non-toxic braiding hair brand that not only is this hair that they braiding in your hair causing you cancer, you you touching it all day. You touching it all day. So you are now susceptible to those same things times 10 because you're, you're playing in the product all day long. Right. So for, for a lot of the braiders Right.


What they do is they send their customers to come to us to purchase their hair directly. But we have a, a program where you only need to buy 12 in order to get 30% off. Mm. So it's not like it's super hard for you to do it. We are on other platforms where you can pay for your hair and your products that you need in net 60 terms without having, you don't have to have stellar credit and you know, have a crazy trade line agreement. 'cause people don't want a lot of hair sitting around when they're working in a suite. Or they like, 'cause my, my braider, every time I leave she like, you wanna take the leftover? And I'm like, no ma'am. No, no, not at all. And and again, it's a business acumen thing. So like I went to Hampton for undergrad and studied business.


The more and more I am speaking with Braiders and I'm speaking with salons, a lot of them just don't have the best business practices. And understanding that every single product that you pay for is a part of your cost of good soul. And so when you do throw that extra piece of hair away, you are literally throwing money away. Mm. Right. So I think it's more so about educating people and then also right now they're putting the onus back onto the actual customers or the clients to get their hair. Mm. So that hair in your head is your hair? Of course. Yes. Yes. Okay. Well I don won't have to try your hair. So is there a new, a different type of technique or something that braiders need to be aware of when it comes to your hair? No.


To help them loop it around. Better, easier, whatever. No Emini here. You can use our braiding hair just like you would You can hot water. Set it. Oh, talk about hot water. Yes. Tell me about the dipping process. Yes. Because we thought, I thought that was really, you know, making it good or Yeah, no, but you telling me that's problematic too. Yeah, it is. Especially with the toxic braiding hair because you're emitting all of the, you ever see the water and it's super cloudy. That's a bunch of those chemicals coming off of hair into the hot water. And so you can hot water set our braiding hair. You won't see white foam and all this stuff bubbling around because it's pre cleansed and pre pretreated already our hair is super soft.


It's lightweight. You felt my hair already and it's like, it's super, super soft. A little, a lot, a little goes a long way. That's what I'll also say is like our bundles are actually thicker and bigger than the regular braiding hair that's in the market. So really if you wanna get like medium knotless, you can use two three bundle packs of our braiding hair. We also do have different lengths and colors too. So I thought it was super important for us to have a shorter length for, you know, some of the kids as well as like, sometimes you just don't want a, a bunch of long braids. You know, the, the Knotless bob was a thing that has been trending. Right. So like getting a shorter length. And then we do have our 28 inches, which is our three bundle packs and we have our 32 inches.


So I have our 32 inches 'cause I wanted it longer. What's the price point difference? So our three bundle pack is $30 right now and our single packs are 13. Okay. So that's why it just makes sense to get two three bundle packs and you're good to go. Good. What you, what you got Mike? Oh, you were gonna ask about the impact. I just ask, so being a a black entrepreneur and working and having to sell, you know, your products online and in different spaces, how is DEI affecting you? Do you feel like it's affecting you? Do you feel like it's necessary? What do you think? Yeah, I think that I've been able to be the product of 20 plus accelerated programs that were created and curated for black entrepreneurs.


So me being a part of those programs, just like you mentioned earlier, Pharrell Williams, black Ambition, I was the HBCU Grand Prizes winner. If there was not funding being poured into the foundation like Black Ambition, then there would not be opportunity for me to have money and capital to start and grow my business. Mm. Right. So for me right now, I think I'm on the, the other end of it not looking to receive a bunch of grants to get started because we are doing well as far as revenue is concerned. But now it's like me pouring back into our community. Mm Right. Giving back. Yeah. And so giving back to the community, employing other people that are within our community in my retail store, in my actual braiding salon in Philly.


Like being able to do those things. And so I think that the other part that the d And I issue, I, I feel like, And I come from corporate too. Mm. So I worked at a really big management consulting firm And I was a part of the DEI program because again, I'm A-H-B-C-U grad recruit. Oh you mean to tell me that you as a black person was or were in a DEI program? 'cause you know, if you let the internet tell it, black people didn't get nothing from it. It was just all white women and that's it. Yeah, no. So me as a black woman was a part of a really, really good program that filtered in from HBCU students. Right. So they go to the, the Hamptons, the Howards, the Morehouse and they pick the best of the best there to start.


And so all And that was DEI? That was DEI, yes. Okay. Just making sure DEI. Yep. But we've been trying to tell people that we gotta choose one thing or the other. We saying that it didn't benefit black folks, but then we are saying we gotta support the black businesses that are being impacted by it. Either, either. Either it was impacting or it wasn't. Yeah. It wasn't, you know, so go ahead. Exactly. And and it was though, right? Because I think the other part is it, we just talked about it, right? Nepotism in a sense, right? But in a good way, right? Like, like hey, if we are disadvantaged people and it's just like when you apply for a grant, if you are from a DISA disadvantaged community, a marginalized community, part of one of the, it's part part of criteria, you check that box off.


Right? That means that I do need a leg up in order to get and have some sort of equal way for our other counterparts who all their dads are partners at the firm and they didn't even really have to apply. So yes, we need those programs. Right? I think it's super important for all of the, the larger companies and firms to still have all of those recruitment programs. And the, the former job that I actually left, they actually just announced that they were stopping their DEI recruitment programs. So now I'm interested to see what consulting is gonna look like because if it's all going to be whitewashed or I'm only recruited from all of the top schools that like have all the legs up, there's no diversity in thought and in those rooms and all of the other really cool things that y'all need to provide to these clients that y'all are making billions off of, you're not gonna have the opportunity to have those people in the rooms now.


Well honey, let the church you said it. Let the church say amen. Amen. And we appreciate you. You are extremely knowledgeable. Beautiful. Thank you. Your product. I'm going to start using and talking about can't wait to put it on my socials and tell the sisters we leaving the other people and we going to a black woman. That's right. There's nothing wrong with that And I don't have space, but I will find space to stockpile my braiding hair please. So I can bring it with me whenever I go to get my hair braided. And you know, Kadeja, I, I listening to you speaking on the diversity and he was the one who said we have to ask about diversity. And I was like, well maybe she doesn't wanna talk about that.


But to know that you actually have history and personal experience makes it so much better because you said something that is so key. You said because I was a part of programs that were created in the name of diversity, equity, and inclusion. I was able to give funding so that I could build and now I am taking what I was able to accomplish and help and helping other people. That has always been the reason why diversity and equity and inclusion was established. That was why some of these companies were forced to do it because people called them out on not having it.


And yes, it's been infiltrated by white women in this group and we get that always happens. Yeah. They wearing cornrows. Yeah. They're trying to act like Kim Kardashian at some point started it. Okay. So we know s right. We know Lord, we know Lord, Lord has mercy that it's always infiltrated. Yeah. What we should be asking for and what we should be demanding is that you don't change, you don't take back diversity, equity and inclusion. You make it better. Yes. You make it stronger. You add more elements to it to ensure that it impacts the most vulnerable populations. But some of us are so crazy and we, we get caught up in, I don't even know, whatever, whatever they learned on the podcast somewhere that you know YouTube that we don't need it.


We don't need it. So now what you're, because you said that nothing, I wanna correct that you said. You said we don't know. We interested to see what it's gonna look like. It's gonna look like how it looked before and how it looked before was white men. Yeah. Were the leaders. Yeah. And made all had all the money and the white women were their assistants. Yeah. And black people worked in the kitchen, worked in, you know, driver maybe and had these little jobs, which is why they want immigrants to be moved. Because if you have immigrants who are filling up some of those spaces of doing a lot of the the hard work labor. Yeah. The labor work and then you have more black people becoming more educated and entrepreneurs now you gotta deal with us on a level.


Yeah. And the immigrants are becoming a a larger population. They are growing, they're having more children. So now you gotta, you what happens is white folks are being called to the table that you can't have all of this pie for yourself. Yeah. So they said we got the readjust this thing so we can make America great again. Don't play with us like we don't know what's going on. Mm. We should be fighting for not just diversity, equity and inclusion. We want plus, plus plus, plus plus. Yeah. So there's that. Yeah. Okay. I don't have anything else to say. Thank you for coming to my TED talk. Yes. That was definitely a TED talk. Thank you for being here, Kadeja. Appreciate keep being great. Appreciate we appreciate you. Thank you. I appreciate y'all for having me.


Thank you so much. Anything that we left out that you need to say, how do people get it? Where do they go? Do they? Yes. Yes. So you guys can purchase our products directly on doso beauty.com. That's D-O-S-S-O-B-E-A-U-T-Y. We are a top seller on Amazon as well too. Mm. And you can find us on socials at Doso Beauty and then if you're in Philly, stop by our store. We have the Doso beauty experience, which is the luxury hair braiding salon. Got it. And also retail store as well too. Well there's that. We need some product. Yes. We need some product. I got some stuff. I got something for you too. Okay then it's not braiding hair. Listen 'cause I don't get no braids. But you listen I got some stuff for you. I got got some stuff for you. All right. Now my song's like whatever they say. Right. I don and then I got some of our top selling whips.


She butter but whip Shade. Look at this. Amazing. People won't let my customers will not let me stop making it. They're like this is crack. I Haven't had some skin. Skin. Skin. That's right. Skin. So it's for the skin, skin, skin, hair, body face. Like bring me that. I got something for you too. I got so in the other referee give, I got some of our hair lick as well too. The hair oil. They got a little something for me. Okay. We got stuff y'all. We love gifts up here. Listen. See now they bringing gifts. This is what I'm talking about. You can come anytime y'all welcome. Y'all giving me the space. I gotta give y'all some. Thank you. You welcome. We appreciate it. We appreciate You. You're welcome to come back. Yes, you are welcome to use our social media. You're Welcome. Bring more gifts.


That's Right. If you need to post something, if you're doing a promo. Yeah. When we say we wanna help, what we mean is that how whatever resource we have, we want to offer it to you. So don't be hesitant to say hey can you guys post this thing or can you talk about it? Got you. Because I wanna be able to say this is doso in my head. Yes. Okay. No, I got you. Yeah. All right. No I will definitely need your And I paid for stuff. I don't need free product. Thank you. This is my first. I'm Broke, I'm broke. So you know what I'm saying. I might don't claim bro broke. Gimme I'm playing. Well I'm po Not on plain poisoning. Just say you under-resourced. I'm under. Dear you, I'm under-resourced so I might need a discount about 50%. No, I'm just praying. We got you. We got you. Thank you. I appreciate y'all.


Thank you so much, much. I appreciate it all. Awesome. So now you get a bag and you get back. Everybody gets a bag, everybody gets back. Everybody Get too bad. The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news, you don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Ronald is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bold premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert.


Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Ronald be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features. Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success.


They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com. Life insurers. Put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors. Maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing.


The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news sra.


These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelly Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


That's a lot. That's a lot. Especially when you, the way you about your hair. I ain't never seen nobody and you got braids in right now, so that is crazy. But good thing she gave you a few bundles and we going invest, right? Oh yeah. Emini here I'm In. Got to invest because we, it is about health, you know what I'm saying? You want to look right, but it got to be healthy. No, I didn't even understand Emini here not understand, I didn't even realize the way that she was saying that cancerous chemicals are inside here and how they get transferred and the sweating and the paws and even the people that's braiding like that was, that was a deep, really deep conversation. We just don't understand how our health is being impacted by everything.


Like Right. It is. At some point you, I see where you get this germophobe. 'cause once they start telling you this and now you gonna be like, no, you can't do this hair. Like they don't, they don't, oh my God, I don't even know what they did with you. 'cause that's a whole nother thing that you going to be super, super crazy about. Now. It's hair. We gotta find out. You gonna be reading the ingredients. And I for she said that you can't even read the Ingredient. Oh, the carens. What is it? She, She said that they can put anything on the label and there's nobody that's actually dang verifying this stuff because the, so You gotta actually get tested yet. She said you gotta get your stuff tested. Tested. Well I trust her. Miss dos Doso Kadesia Doso Ab Doso Beauty.


Yes, man, you got me a little skin cream, you know what I'm saying? You got you some, Some gotta beso stuff. Yeah. Gotta me some stuff, man. You know, she come in and give she with me man. So, well that brings me to my, I don't get it today and it's, it's pretty much on target with a lot of the stuff we've been talking about today. You know, we are in very serious times And I just don't understand why people don't realize that. Right. When we look at Trump and shout out to jolly, you know, in last week's show and he was talking about how serious, and it's not a game, it's not fear mongering how this is really happening.


Right. And, and, And I'm, I'm a person that likes to study history And I've been looking at fascism and I've been looking at dictatorship and I've been looking at how these authoritarian governments were actually established, right? So, 'cause when people were saying that to me, I'm like, what the fuck is fashion? What is like, what do you mean, what does dict dictate? What does it mean? And then you look at the Hitler regime, right? You look at the Nazis and what they did and how they had a, a very clear strategy that Trump is sharing, right? They, they made people lose faith in government, right? They said this government's not doing this for you And I can do it.


And he made you feel like he was the person that was able to save you, right? He, he focused on the, the Germans and, and said, look, this is what the Jews are doing, right? And we need to fight back. They're doing this to you. These, these people are invading our country. These people are doing these, these people are the enemy and I'm, I'm fighting for the little guy and I'm going to make Germany greater. Like these are the same phrases that he used, you know? And, and what starts happening is those who don't feel like they're impacted or, or think it's just fear migraine. It's just government. It's the regular thing, you know, whatever. They just, there are black people that are just like, this is nothing happening and they just kidnapping people off the streets.


Like two days ago. I'm watching a little girl in handcuffs, right? As ice comes to, to elementary schools, they're, they're, they're literally arresting people with no charges and, and shipping them to El Salvador to pretty much concentration Or wherever. They got some places here where they're keeping them and detaining them. Detaining them. And they, they have no charge. Like people don't understand how serious this is. When, when you can look, when the president is looking at the constitution and telling the Supreme Court, I don't have to follow you. Right? And they made a decision that they're not even gonna follow the law. There's no checks and balances. That is supreme rule. That means that the, the the people have no say over how the government is being ran.


That's right. This is exactly what Hitler did. He, he, he completely disenfranchised, he eliminated anything that would give a check and balance of what he was doing. And this is what Trump is doing. So as we look at this situation, I remember in the movie Origin that Ava DuVernay, yeah, I think she released it. Did she direct the movie? Yeah. No, it's her movie. It's her film. It's her film. It's our film. And it was, it was, it broke down how racism and caste go hand in hand. Right. And how in the caste system is what they did to villainize and enslave and commit genocide against the Jewish people in Germany.


And there's one scene where they're in the bathroom and there's, there's a couple, you know, the, the man is a, a German, I think he might've been a soldier. And a woman is a Jewish woman Who could pass, Who could pass. I remember this. And she's in the bathroom and people are walking in to the bathroom saying, Hey, are they rounding up Jewish people? I think they're rounding up Jewish people. And then people are just, because The women are like in there, they like doing it, getting themselves freshening up. It's a party. But This young lady, she, she was aware because she had been paying attention, you know, I think because her, a man was a, a German, I think he was a German soldier and he was pretty much trying to protect her and made her aware what was going on.


So when she heard that she, she was looking around like what? But there were so many people who were just oblivious like, this is not really happening. Didn't care, didn't hear. And then later on you see these same people in concentration camps. And, And I think it was to tell you how we are not really identifying the seriousness of this moment, right? I think that people are just, they and, and then you have these social media bots and you have people that say, oh, you, you people are just fear mongering. It's nothing. No. There is something going on when people can be kidnapped. When, when, when the president can sit in the White House with the president of another country That commits human rights abuses, that Commits human rights abuses and then tells you, Hey, we nobody's gonna send him back.


He's not going back. Even though the court saying he has to combat back. And Even the Supreme Court said, and you, and he's looking at like, hey, there's nothing I could do. And they just playing this game in front of the American people's face. Like, I don't care about what y'all think. I don't care about this man and his family. I don't care that we sent the wrong man to a, a foreign country as a, a criminal. That wasn't a criminal. I don't Care that they haven't proved that they, there's been no due process to prove There no level of due process. The fact that you can, you can look at somebody and say they have a tattoo and you can call 'em a criminal based off that. It is crazy to me. It's, it's just unrealistic to me. And the fact that we are not taking this serious enough and we are watching the fall of democracy, that any sense of the Pseudo democracy, Pseudo democracy is any sense of what democracy looked like is actually falling by the waistline.


And there are people who are just saying, ain't nothing happening to me. It's just, it's just regular. And that's what they supposed, that's what they want you to think. They want you to think it's just regular and everything. You know, you've been sold for cheap today. They just announced how now people are gonna have to start paying back these loans and they're gonna start garnishing wages, you know, because now the, the, the school loans are, Oh, you got some people, some of your friends that love that they don't want nobody else to have nothing they didn't get. But that's crazy. You So that Emini here, it's, it's it, the the mind state for me is that you are willing to burn down the country and burn down everything because one or two things you don't like, right?


You gonna give, you would give the rings to somebody that say, I'm going, I'm going to go in and slaughter everybody because you don't like that the pipes in the building is not good and super then super didn't fix the pipes. So you Say we're gonna burn the building down. Like it just doesn't make sense. Why, why would we Not having, but it's not even burning the building down because they're not trying to really burn the building down. They're just trying to strip it so that they can take over the building and have a hierarchy that you might be able to live in the basin. No, I'm talking about, I'm talking about our people. No, I know, but I'm saying they're not even, they think that they are part of, oh they're burning it down. We're gonna have to recreate and rebuild. That's not what's happening. What they, your house down, what they're doing is burning you outta your apartment.


Yeah. You ain't got nowhere to Live. And maybe you could stay in the basement if you willing to clean the building because they're moving in with their strategies and what they call making America great again. Yeah. And I will say this and, and and and and really you've said so much that's so powerful. Mice so powerful. And it just makes me so proud to really see how much like you get it right? But a lot of times people like to bully because either they were bullied or they were, they were a bully. But that was on the college campus maybe or the high school school yard. Maybe in elementary school. Now we're talking about a nation that you, like you are attracted to Donald Trump being this bully.


'cause you feel like this is what makes you feel better about whoever knocked you over your head when you were a child. And this is real serious stuff. And I, I laugh all the time that black people still gonna do our boots on the ground dance. We gonna learn how to do it. I'm still trying to learn how to do it. And we, we, we, you know, we gonna still find ways to have joy And I don't wanna take that away from anybody, but it's really not funny. It's really not funny because those women that were in that bathroom, most of them were not Jewish. They were, they were, most of those women were actually German. There was only probably one or two.


And this particular woman, she was ended up being killed in a firing squad with her children and her German husband who tried to protect her. And so she's in there and she hears them talking and she never reveals herself but she knows that oh shit, something is happening. But those women were out there dancing and partying and they were in the bathroom freshening up. They were in their version of the boots on the ground dance. They was in there doing one two step. You know, we having a good time. So while everybody is saying, Hey, are they rounding up the Jews? Are they getting ready to put people in concentration camps and kill? They said get up on that uhuh. We in here just enjoying ourselves. And when we look around, what they do to one they will do to the other because when they say they hate a group of people, they don't say it, but they show it.


They don't like the immigrants. Don't you worry? It's coming around the corner for you. Yeah. It's coming around the corner right now. They are not even telling you the numbers in terms of the black folks who have been fired from their federal jobs. They not even telling you the numbers. And we have been disproportionately impacted by the loss of wake work. If you don't believe me, just ask the heads of all the labor unions who are now trying to fight to and, and suing doing lawsuits, the legal defense fund and others who are pushing back to try to get these folks back to work. Emini here, boots on the ground if you want. And I'm not telling you not to do it 'cause I'm gonna learn it.


Your Ass gonna be on The ground. But just know, just know There's gonna be some boots in your ass, in your ass on the ground. They got it in our hair. They trying to kill us. We better pay attention. We better figure it out. And we, and okay, I'm, let me be quiet 'cause I was about to say a conspiracy theory that might get me in trouble. But I tell you what, we better be careful what people are trading back over here from all around The World once they get mad. 'cause we don't know. We already, they they put it, it the the toxins is going in our hair. Yeah. And that is not something that we, I don't wanna spread a conspiracy on that, but I'm just telling you while we pissing people off Yeah.


And just in wars, You can't, you can't, you can't. There's no way that you can be successful when you don't have allies. When you made your allies, your enemies. Right. When, when people don't trust you, it is just unreal. When, when no country trusts you because you haven't proven, you have proven that you are untrustworthy, that you will say anything and do something different. Right? When, when people see that, then there's no trust in you. So what happens is all of these people that are enemies start joining against you and they trying to figure out how do we eliminate you? And when they talking about you, we talking about us. 'cause we live here. So I don't know how much y'all understand where we are, the situation that we are in, but you better start paying attention.


I Know that's Right. And with that said the show, it's the end of another episode. We appreciate y'all. TMI is the number one podcast in The World at TMI Show, PC on YouTube at TMI, under show on Instagram. I'm not gonna always be right Tamika d Mary's not gonna always be wrong, but we will both always and Emini here always be authentic Peace. That's how we own


it. Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features at t has a new guarantee because things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self-checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to communities and local economies through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


You're Listening to an iHeartPodcasts.