
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar The best Coke ever? Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Tamika D Mallory. And It's your boy, my son in general. We are your host of TMI, Tamika, and my son's. Information, truth, motivation, and inspiration. New name, new energy, but same More us. What's up my son Linen. What's up Tamika Mall? How You, how you doing today? I'm doing good. You know I'm doing good. I got my just water. I'm Brother Jaden Smith. You keep you some just water, man. I Love my Just water. I don't got no water today, but I got my actively black. We got our actively black. Me too. Shout out to my boy ish Smith. Man. Look, he got, look man, It's so good. I love this sweatsuit. I love the way it feels. This is Quality. Listen, make sure that you get you some actively black. Yeah, I'm black from the head to the toe Today.


Yeah, we support actively Black You know, I I wear, first of all, I don't wear Nike. Let's be clear about that at all. But I wear some of the other brands for workout clothes. And by the way, I wear workout clothes every day, every day that I don't have something special to do or a reason that I have to actually dress up and You know. I find that those clothes, those are cool. All the other brands, y'all know the names. We ain't giving them free advertising. But I feel proud when I wear actively black. So it still feels good. I still got some sexy leggings. I got the whole thing. My Pilates body and my Pilates closed. I'm a little bigger than Pilates body. I need to work on that. But I still feel You know.


I still, I, I feel good. I still feel good. Good. Still feel sexy. But I feel proud because this is a black-owned company. We support actively black a hundred percent. And right now, 200%. Go And click on the links and go get you some actively black support them. And also support until freedom. We need the support. We have merch. You can go pick up sweatsuits from us. They cool, they look good. They feel good. You can wear 'em with shoes. You can dress 'em up, dress 'em down, do your thing. But not men. Men cannot wear them with shoes. I think we should do. Women can wear them. That'd be A dope collab though. I should think about that. Freedom Collab. That would actually be dope. That would be dope. That be dope. We we're gonna hit you up ish.


We gonna hit you up, baby. Back until freedom. Listen. So we gotta move quickly to today because we have a guest coming up that's going educate us and You know we gonna learn a little bit of something, something. So I wanna talk about my thought of the day. So there was a a, a interview that I did a while back where I was talking. I was on TMZ and Kamala Harris was selected as the vice presidential pick. And. I. Remember, I was in a car, I was on my way to Brooklyn to a photo shoot And I. While I was talking to the folks on TMZ, they asked me, do you think that Kamala Harris can become president? Right? Do you think she can also be president? So she's vice presidential pick, but do you think that she can run and ascend to the presidency?


And I said, I don't know. I said, because You know racism is terrible. So that's already bad enough. And sexism, when you bring that into the equation, it's even worse, right? So if you listen, And I and, and a couple people started attacking me. They went crazy. Not a lot of people, but You know there's a certain segment. A couple people called me up like, I'm just trying to understand your perspective because a lot of people are very sensitive about that racism. And then comparing it with sexism. And it felt like I was including all women, white women, this woman, that woman or whatever, over black people and what black people have experienced, and specifically black men.


And so I was explaining it to a good friend and he was like, why are you like, are you seriously trying to explain to me what you meant? Like I'm stupid. Like I understand exactly what you're talking about. It's not that I was saying that racism is not the most horrific, horrendous, disgusting atrocity of American culture. That is not what I was saying. What I'm saying is when you are black and then you had, maybe let's just use another example. You black and you have a disability, or you are black and you are, I don't know, you're black and you're trans, you're black and you are whatever poor, you're black. And that makes what you experience already as a black person worse because you are adding another element onto it that really sort of deepens the hate and the oppression and the, the, the disgust that pe that a, that a person has to endure.


And so when I look at Kamala Harris at that time, this is prior to right now, I'm, this is years back, like a lot of times we are ahead of ourselves when we speak on issues. So I'm looking back at that time, And I said that sexism is even worse. So I, what I was saying is that as a black woman, not as a woman in general, even though you see Hillary Clinton also more qualified, didn't win the election. But that's a whole different set of circumstances. But when you look at Kamala Harris as a black woman, she's going to deal with being black and then having on top of that, her being a woman as another way for people to dis disrespect, discredit.


And even our own people. Even our own people. And let's just keep it a hundred men in our community and women, men and women, but a lot more men who are unwilling to support her just because she's a woman. That's a fact, right? Like there's some people who have policy disagreements with her. There are some people who are, they look at it and they like, listen, I have issues with Kamala Harris with things that she may have done or things she said, or things, positions that she supports right now, and I'm not arguing with any of those, but when I have people on my page, calling her a thing, calling her a winch, calling her all these disrespectful names. And then I also see that there are people who could be helping her. But because of the way that you watch them treat women in general, You know why they are unwilling to support her.


'cause they never, when I'm asking certain people, they like, oh no, I just don't think, I just don't, they don't really have a real answer. Okay? Yeah. So anyway, I just wanna say to myself, right, like how Snoop said, I wanna thank me, I just wanna say to me, I was not wrong in what I said. And it's playing out for us to see it happening in real time. And I know that when I spoke on it, I spoke on it not just as a black person, but as a black woman who I even know in spaces where we are doing You know in civil rights spaces and social justice spaces, in business spaces, I know that I am treated a different way than some of the black men who are my counterparts or black men who may not even be as effective or as progressive or as whatever as me.


But just because I'm a woman, I deal with another layer of disrespect and of, of the sexism that is also ingrained in American culture. Well, I I have to agree, man. You know I've said the same thing. And I. Think, shout out to PLAs man. He, he had to give apology to black women. 'cause he didn't even understand. Yeah. The level of hate that black women have experienced. And, and I've, I've listened to dudes just tell me, yo, she's a woman. She just shouldn't be leading You. know what I'm saying? And she's a, nobody's gonna respect her and this and that. And it's like, wow, why I respected my mother. My grandmother was, is one of the strongest people I knew in my life. So when we have these conversations, there is definitely a facet of America where men do not respect women.


And they definitely do not respect black women. Malcolm said it the most. Disrespected, unprotected and Neglected. Everything neglected. That's woman in The. World is the black woman. So person in The World, not just the woman, the most neglected person in The World is a black woman. So we are able to see this in real time. So like when you said it to me, I understood exactly what you said. I know I was trying to explain it to, it was Mark Thompson. He was like, what? Like, why are you explaining that? It doesn't, anybody with good sense knows exactly what you're saying. They're trying not to know or their emotion. And it's funny because some of these same people always are like, oh, let's not move with emotion. And then when I speak to something that is my experience as a woman, then it's emotion. It's emotional. Mm.


That's cute. But anyway, let us move on. I let's, this is a point we are not gonna do TMI 'cause we gotta go. So you go see a music segment. Alright, So we gonna go to my music segment. Shout out to Marvin. Bing You know we was out in Detroit, super Organizer Marvin, super Organizer, Marvin King, Bing man. He, he put us all together. You know he had a panel in Detroit with ice wear. Zo Killer Mike Pusha T Beanie Siegel, beanie Siegel, freeway You know it was so many different People. Nipsey Huss brother, I the brother's name, it always escapes me, but I love him so much. Black Sam. It's Black Sam.


And we had a beautiful panel. Shout out to Joe. Take Edie. We can't be leaving people out since you wanna name you say, Say all the names. Say Pastor Mike McBride. Pastor Mike McBride. What's our other brother's name? Oh Lord. But listen, it was a dope panel and there's a soundtrack. And the the first song off the soundtrack is called Steal Here. And it's the Vote or else soundtrack. And it's featuring Benita Butcher Is is featuring Jay Electronica freeway, black Thought Metal Feet. And Joe, take Dy shout out to Joe Takea. Joe Take, she You know she wasn't singing on this, but You know the sis. She, she out here, she thinks she singer.


Yes, She definitely thinks she can sign, but She, she's actually speaking. But the song is dope and it's, it is really touching. So make sure you go, it is on all platforms. Still here is Vote or else and it is featuring all the artists I just named Shout out to Phil Agnew was all, Oh, Phil Agnew. See, I knew it was somebody important. And Phil is our brother. That is Our, it was Yellow pane. Yellow pane. Shout out to Yellow Pan. It Was so many. It was so, it was a powerful, Powerful discussion. It was a very, very powerful discussion. My boy Smoke Dizzy was on there And so much music came out. I mean, music is coming outta Yeah, It's gonna be a dope. I'm gonna be on the soundtrack. So, and Tamika's gonna be on the soundtrack too. I Don't know about that. I'm to King Bing.


King Bing. Shout out to King Binging, not Me, king Bing. So make sure that you go and listen to that song. Still here. The soundtrack will be out very soon. And it's a dope song. Still here. Still here. Yeah. That's what's up. That's what's up. And today we are joined by super friend who has some information. I mean, as we've been saying, this election is really important for us. We don't really care who doesn't like it, right? We, we don't care who is not interested and who's mad at us and who said we shouldn't be and don't this and that. Go talk to somebody else. 'cause we, we, we we're really deeply into this thing. And TMI has really been turned into a show to discuss all the elements of the election for the next several weeks.


And so in our super friend world, L Joy Williams, who's joining us today is somebody who of course is very special to me. And now You know over the years, she's become special to you as well. President of the NAACP Brooklyn Network. And also she And I serve on the board of Higher Heights, which is an organization that does a lot of political education and raising funds for black women candidates. We do so many things. She's a consultant, super brilliant. You got all the things in this one woman. But what's important for why she comes here today is because Joy has created, joy is an educator.


An educator. And so she's created a guide for the, it says a journal for the Empowered Voter. Call get vote ready, get vote ready. And so today we are gonna be hearing from our assisted El Joy Williams. And I'm excited about that. Just her story. Just when we talking about the kids And like, even though she's doing all this leadership Yeah. In the community, she also is fostering several children at the same time. And I. That's why I love doing this podcast, right? Because we get an opportunity to interview and highlight our friends who are doing so many dope things. So shout out to L Joy for educating us about civics and about what it looks like to vote and which we need to know about voting.


And then also educating us about humanity. You know, right? It is humanity when you, like, I'm gonna take, not only am I out here fighting for our rights, but then I learned that children needed help. And, and like she said, out of a personal situation, came her story. So when people ask me, well, what's the first thing that I should do? I'm like, look at your life. Look at the things that are near and dear to you and make decisions about how you can get active based upon that. Because people who jump into stuff that has nothing to do with what they're really interested in or because they get in it, because they're like, oh, there's a check, or, oh, there's You know, or, or everybody else is doing it, I think I could do it better.


And then you're in a, in an area that does not really, really make you feel like you're, you're getting to your passion, like you're serving your purpose. So there's that. It Is that,


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior, completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new error for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Yes, we definitely do have our sister El Joy. She is an educator. She is a friend. She is one of those individuals that when you think of her, she's always smiling. But You know she's about business. So we have our sister, the one, the only El Joy in the building. Yeah, El Joy. Oh man, I love that introduction. I gotta come here more often. That's it. That's it. Thank you for both of you for inviting me today. I appreciate it. Thank you for being with us. Joy. Tell us You know first of all, let's just get straight on if NAACP Networks, chapters, Branches branch. Oh my gosh. Yes. Okay. So listen, we did not have a rivalry man.


Right. You know. It's just You know we birthed everybody. No, that's all I see. You see, You see shade and shot already. That's what I love so much about you Joy. Like I think so many people feel like in the movement we are just stoic and boring and we're not like we enjoy one another. We make jokes. We snap like we did at the, at the house back in the days when we were kids and we have a good time. And You know you're one of those people who, like my son says, you're always smiling, but you be serious as hell. You be scaring me. So You say that and the electeds say that too. Sometimes they Oh yeah. They say they don't know the difference between if I'm coming and being like, Hey, how you doing? And like hang out to like, oh no, what did I do?


Yeah. Well you coming in the tradition of our queen mother, which is Mama Dukes Hazel in Dukes, who is the president or the former, I heard I saw somewhere the other day that I guess she's kind like kind, she's, she You know. She Said she's 92. So yes, You know. She said that she's not going to do it anymore as state NAACP conference president. But You know how she said that she in charge. Yeah. Okay. Got it. So the, so tell us about your book, this guide for, you said a journal for the Empowered Voter. Yeah. And I. Love the fact that you're speaking into people because I don't be feeling like people that empowered so You know.


But yeah. Talk about what your journal is all about. Well, You know one of the missions of what I do Sure. With Sunday Civics, which is every week I sort of use what's happening in the political landscape to empower people with the knowledge to get involved and engaged in politics. Because as You know, part of our work as organizers, the first thing we do, particularly when we're going into spaces, is helping people understand how the system has worked. Where You know who the decision makers are and then what you can demand, what you can do. And in starting Sunday civics, I realized that was a lot of, even in working inside government, I would still go into spaces, whether it was in a controller's office or the city hall or whatever.


And I would do the back door. And I'm like, okay, this is what you need to ask for. Like this is, this is what possible. Literally, this is what can happen. You know who this is the person you need to push. And I realized that that is something we take for granted a lot that everybody knows, like who the decision maker is, what I should be asking for. And that's why I started Sunday Civics with the get vote ready journal. You know notice as we go through the journal, there's nothing, there's no emotion in it. There's no You know You know one party over another party. It is helping you make a strategic decision for you to prepare yourself and make sure you have the information to engage in the election.


And then two, starting with yourself and not with the candidates. Hmm. You start with in the book, what, what are the issues that matter to me? You know what, what moves me? What is the You know kitchen table issue that I'm most concerned about? Then you go to the candidates based upon those issues to determine, okay, now which one most aligns with where I'm Right. Right, right. So based on this book, You know what was like the, what made you say You know what I really need to make this book. Yeah. What, what made you sit down and say that? Two, two reasons. One, you can always go to family. Mm. So this is for my cousins who call and text me on election day to ask me who we voting for or to ask me when is the election again?


Or, oh, they got there. They may know, okay, I know who I'm gonna vote for, mayor I know who I'm gonna vote for president. But then they get there and they'd be like, it's some question. Right? Like, there's some question on here, right? Like that I don't know nothing about. And to my dad, You know God bless his soul, who literally he would call me Tamika from the voting booth. I I've made those calls. Right? And I'm like, dad, you can't call, you can't, you're not supposed To. You can't. That's actually illegal, right? Yeah. And Then I hear him arguing with the people in the, like the poll booth. And I'm like, because they're doing this job You're not supposed to do, you're Not supposed to do that. So this is for them. I took A picture and sent it to somebody and said, I'm waiting, like, text me back what I'm supposed to do.


And that's like illegal. Yes. You not supposed to take a picture of the ballot. Yes. I bet you you didn't know that. I didn't know that. Yeah. I took a bunch of Pictures, but this is for them. This is for You know, my, my cousin Candace and them You know so that they have, okay, this is my journal, this is my guide to prepare myself before I go into the voting booth. And it's designed and meant not for me telling you what to do, but for you to put together prompts and questions and spaces there for you to contemplate You know what matters to me might be different than what matters to you. That's a fair. Right. And so it's space for you to put that and then to You know, teach you this is how I should engage in a political process in the election process.


You know, not so much to be swayed by celebrities. And I know that's the thing that everybody, well my favorite celebrity endorsed this person or did not. Right? But no, they're voting their own interests. They're voting their own money in their own pocketbook. Like, this is how you vote and make your decisions for you. I, I had to really get into the book as soon as I saw you promote that it was ready, I called immediately. Like, can You come? Yes you did. I was like, did you mean show that? Listen, because I know it's necessary. Because even, even though this is a very contentious time, and let me tell you, I'm so ready for November 5th to come and go. My, my, my spirit and my stomach and literally my body cannot sustain two or three more months of all this arguing and people writing crazy and you falling out with friends and family.


My cousin And I was in a big blow up about this at a family occasion. We've end up being back love. But still we had to go through this like really difficult conversation. And the one thing I realized is that civics 1 0 1, like basic understanding of politics and electoral politics and all of that, we, a lot of our people don't have it. And it was done on purpose to us. And we have to really understand that it's not that you don't know just because you wasn't paying attention or you're not smart or whatever. It is literally that these, it has been designed that we would not know. And that for me is, it's, it's, it almost makes this moment, while it is incredibly stressful, it makes it like, I'm glad that we have this type of race where people get to pay attention and start asking the questions even if it's the most ignorant conversation you ever been involved in.


Yeah. So I know you had to be like, oh no, we not gonna do this. Right. We gonna learn something because this ridiculous. Yeah. Well not only that and that this shouldn't be the only one that you do because the work that you all do. Right. Un until freedom and talking about the district attorneys talking about governor's races and things, those are where we need to get engaged. And that's one of You know, I, I said to someone recently, it's something I say all the time when we throw back to the modern civil rights movement and talk about the right to vote, particularly in the South You know people's like, oh, we got the right to vote and You know. That's it. That's what our ancestors died for the right And I think we do a disservice by not following that, not giving context and qualifying that and saying they weren't just dying to be able to go in the booth.


That's right. Right. They wanted to elect sheriffs. Right. District attorneys that's, that would protect their communities that they were building, that weren't members of the KKK that weren't men members of the White Citizens Council and would actually prosecute people if someone came through and lynched their brother or their cousin. Right. They wanted You know, just think about Brown v Warden the or the original cases Right. That led up to that they wanted, they were paying into a system that weren't properly providing resources for their children's education. And so they wanted the ability to be on the school board to say, okay, our district, our schools need a bus. Mm. Our schools need proper books and, and, and materials.


Right. And so they knew that generation knew that it was tied to their vote to be able to elect people that were making those decisions. And we lost that, as you said, it was deliberate. We lost that knowledge that these things of depressing our communities were tied to these elected positions that we needed to be in those rooms and we needed to be, have our voice in those rooms even if we weren't the ones elected. And so that's what I try to do with Sunday civics is so to remind our communities Right. That this isn't just about electing somebody popular that looks like you. That's right.


This is electing someone that will listen to you, that is responsive to your advocacy efforts, that has the wherewithal to come back and engage with the community or be within the community and understanding those tools and how to exercise. Mm. Right. That civic bone that we all need. I think it's really, really important. Sojo, I I want to ask you this, just based on local levels, right? Like what do you think the most important elections that people don't even really focus on? Because I know there are certain elected officials that, that control so many different things financially. The You know the, the resources within the community, the the programs, all those things.


What do you think, just on the local level, 'cause everybody's gonna talk about the president. Yeah. The mayor. Like what do you think as a person that just goes to work every day that lives inside a community, what are those jobs that you think and civics that we should be focusing on voting for? I like, I like that you brought up that point because it depends on where you live and that You know and that's the, and why I provided the space for that. Because You know in some places, depending on how your town, how your city is incorporated or structured, the power of the budget You know may be with the county executive. Right? Not the city council. Not the city council or the You know, or the mayor.


The mayor may be a ceremonial and he sell carpets on the weekend. Right, right, right. Or something else. You know that's another, that's a whole different day. And so that, that he's just there as an administrator or she's just there as an administrator. So part of that education is also understanding that you start local. Don't start at the top. Don't start at president, don't start at governor. Start local. How is my town incorporated? And where's the seat of power? You know, is it the city council? Is it the state legislature who has control over the issues that I care about and about my budget? Like who makes those decisions? My brother lives in an area over in the Poconos incorporated a little differently than like us here in New York City, New York.


And he sits on a board that makes decisions about the town's. You know money on whether or not they're gonna do sidewalks or they're gonna invest or whatever. Those things are important. And once he got on there, he was like, oh, like the real, like something really ha this is not rules that just come from the sky. Yes. They're people attached. Right. And there's regular people that are my neighbors that are sitting around the table making a decision and no one's ever there. Right. But they're making the decision. And he may be at a barbecue or something and hear people complain about something and not realize that, oh, that is a decision I made You know or didn't make or didn't make. And so that's, I think what's important is looking at how your town, how your area is incorporated, And I provide examples of that in the book of like how you can find that, how you can find that out and learning what, what is the seed of power in that instance.


'cause particularly nationally, everybody focuses on the big cities. Right? Chicago and New York and the top 100 cities. And more than likely, a lot of them are incorporated the same or organized the same. There's a mayor, there's a city council or there You know some balance or whatever. But people live in a lot of different things. And you could work in one area that's a town or a county and live in another one that's rural. And it's a group of your neighbors who are making those decisions. And so that's why I think it's important for you to understand. And it may not be that you're gonna engage daily, right? You're not gonna be me and Tamika and you gonna be every day on like, every, every event, every protest and things like that and every town meeting.


But at least the issues that you care about and things that you care about. And understanding who makes those decisions, where the money comes from, who's it directed to is important. And you can look at some of our poorest states like Mississippi and places like that. If you look at how money and contracts bounce back and forth, it's like the same people just like, oh, you got it for two, three years and then we going vote for it like over here. Meanwhile, you have some of the worst education outcomes. You have some of the right You know, Most violent utilities, All of that kind of stuff that are, are depressed. And so that's why it's important for people to understand that. So what, Is there a portion of the guide that, the journal, I wanna call it a guide so much, but the journal that, because I guess the jour the guide tells you what to do.


The journal gives you the opportunity to like write things and think through the process. So I I got it trying to get it right so it sticks. Is there a part in there? Or at least can you speak to when you don't like either candidate Right. And, and you're like, I don't wanna vote for none of these folks. Yeah. And but yet somebody gonna be in charge. Yeah. So what, what would you say to that? Or is that in the book? Yeah, that's a very, very important part. And it's something I just talked about on Sunday because that's one of the things that people give pushback, right? They both crooks like I'm not voting for neither one of 'em. Right. But elections, and if again, you take the emotion out of it, and even those of us who are celebrating You know that it's the first black candidate or the first black woman or whatever, let people experience that.


That's right. That's right. Stop Trying to tell people like, you don't need people that, That's not okay if Let them experience that. That's Right. That's perfectly fine. That's right. If you are on another wavelength, that's cool. But then it's what candidate And I, I lay out four ways to de decide to pick a candidate for yourself, but ultimately you're deciding where can I push progress forward and do the least harm to my community? Harm reduction. Right? Like that is the, that is the thing. But I lay out my four steps of picking a candidate. One, again, you start with yourself, what are the issues that matter to me? And then looking at that, the candidate's records, not who you want to be on the ballot, but who's Actually, who's actually who's on the ballot.


Right. And who can really win. Yeah. And then decide, okay, which of these candidates You know most aligns with my values? 'cause nobody is gonna align a hundred percent unless you running Mm. That was, that was a bar. Unless you run it, nobody Alone. And even then you might have disagreement with self. Right. Especially when you realize that a big part of politics is about compromise. Exactly. And that's knowing that is is important. So after I'm running for anything, right? You say, okay, based upon what this person said, what their track record is, this is who most aligns, this is what their record is on the issue.


The other thing is, who are you more likely to move or your advocacy efforts be receptive? Like, are you gonna elect someone? There's just like, I don't care. I doubled down. Right? Like, this is what I believe you Didn't even, that didn't even have access to or anything. Right. And when we say access, we're not saying like going to the White House is flag surfing. Right? Right. Like, we're not talking about that. Talking about that. Well, you have people inside the administration that actually got hired to do jobs that you can have a communication with and say, Hey, that's close inside of that administration and say, Hey look, these are the issues that we are dealing with in our community. Right. Right. And they know you and they can relay that message to your elected official and, and, and probably get you some type of meat or get something to actually materialize from You know actually making this vote.


Yeah. Well, and and sometimes the, because you're speaking as a person who's very close to the, the top of the food chain, so you can make the call, but if you're Johnny and you live in a certain community, you might not be able to make a call ever that gets to the people you want. But you can be a part of joining with others that have that power and pushing because there's power in numbers. So when we say we going to Washington about gun violence or women's rights or whatever, whatever ceasefire, whatever the issue may be, you need to be able to say, I can, I can send out tweet texts, a MailChimp, whatever, all the different things, phone calls and there, and there's gonna be a hundred, 200, 1000 or more Johnny's from a particular community that will be there.


That's how we build power. And a lot of people, because they don't see themselves being able to call Kamala or call whoever, Joe Biden, whomever the you, you You know even if it's your mayor, because they can't make those phone calls. They feel very detached. Yeah. Now, one, one phone call you can make, and one place that you can walk into anytime you want is the campaign office and or the district office of your city council person. Your state Legisl Of your state legislator. Exactly. Your Congressional member. You can walk right in the door and the and the the squeaky wheel Yeah. Gets the oil. Because I, we know you go in there every other day, send letters, write, they will have to respond to you because you are a constituent in their district versus you trying to talk to president.


So-and-So And I think that's important because you're evaluating is this person responsive to those advocacy Efforts? Right? Right, right. Are they doing a press conference and they saying, I don't care how many people come to my office, I'm voting this way. Or are they like afters, deliberation with constituents in my community, You know After I got my ass kicked. Right. Or And I got embarrassed. Or even, or Even You know or even got better understanding of the issue. Right. Because we assume that politicians know everything about every issue. Do and they do not. Not not, they don't even read. Listen, We went to Washington You know we walked 250 miles from New York City to Washington DC with Karma Perez and our family at the Gathering for Justice Justice League.


And why did you join us? You did. You came somewhere. You was at the beginning Was Alabama Sta No Staten, no, no, no. Staten Island is where most people met us. Okay. So when we got to Washington, the last part of the march was to do our advocacy day where we went and talked to all the legislators. And these are congressional members. I'm not talking about we went down, like you said, to Alabama to talk to someone. No, no, no, no. We were in Washington DC at the Congress baby. We were having to tell congressional members what their colleagues in Congress have on the table in terms of bills.


They did not know. They had to be educated. They were like, oh, we were bringing them together. We've done that. I know you've done it in Albany, in the state capital of New York. Especially around, for us it was around Raise the age. Yeah. When we had to go shut it down, like completely bust into the meeting. Like what is the problem up here at two in the morning? Yeah. So people think, I mean you were basically living up there dealing with these issues. People really think that these folks know and that they're smarter than you or that they No, they just had the courage to go run. Yeah. And they could raise the money. And if there's, and if they're experts on an issue, it's probably one or two facts.


It's not on that. It's not on. And all of us are in that situation. Although the internet would have you thinking You know Everything. You know Everything, bro. That's what I want to ask. Does it frustrate you just watching misinformation, just being this civically engaged and knowledgeable? Does it frustrate you on the internet? Just seeing people just say things that are so outlandish and seeing people grab onto it like it's actually fact. Let me tell you something. This is when I feel the most old. Yeah. Because I scroll through and I'll see stuff and the old woman responses come outta me. Now You know that. Don't make no gut answers. You saw sounding like Hazel for real.


Right. And You know. I'll tell again my cousins or other people calling me and I'm like, use your common sense. Just common sense. Now why would that, like now why would some, why would that happen? Just think like, just let's think that through a second What you're saying. Right? You know. It's the same thing I use on my kids You know. And I'm like, let's think about this a little bit. Mm. You know and play it out and see how, so that kind of thing does absolutely frustrate me. But it's also, Well, you're a person that you can't take stupidity. It's like it really doesn't, it aggravates you to the point. Who knows? And it, it's, I'm come from a long line of people that my grandmother, who I'm actually named after Joyce would say that like, you say something or whatever, just why would you just bring stupid into the house?


Like it was like it was a cancer something. And so that, it makes it extremely difficult to, because it's, there's so much things that are true. Mm. To fight against, to like, to engage that when you make up stuff, you're just like, you don't even gotta make up up. You Never have to make, You don't have to. I Said that all the time. Like, I could find you five things that's true. That you use, that we should be challenging about whichever candidate including Kamala Harris. Yes. I got five or six things. And you wanna make up some story about, you talked about celebrities and their, their impact. We just finished talking on the show about Janet Jackson and like how she's like, well I heard that her daddy's white like sis what?


Right. What are you, we heard some things about you and your family too, And we still rock with you. And, and we also try not to spread it as intelligent people who have the best interest of all of us in mind. Yeah. And You know, one thing I say about You know as you're saying issues that you even wanna address with a candidate that you support. You know And. I always say, I You know I say it to s to today face. I look forward to protesting you. Right? Like we say this all the time, we engage and visiting. Right. Because it is part of, and literally I have said that to Kamala and she'd be like, come on, Gotta do what we, she's Let's go because that is your role.


That's my right. Like that is your role to educate me on the process. Every photo line that I've been in. Yeah. Something to say. I've talked to her about like something else, something. And she has said, she's like, every time Joy come in here, she got something to, she got something else. Some other people, so some whatever. And to and to people like her that are committed to public service in that way is just like, that's your job. That's it. That's your role. Right. Like, I understand where you are coming from, where's, and it's not coming from a malicious place. It's coming from that is your role. My role is here. And often we intersect and we may be on different sides on different issues and then we can come together on You know on different things.


Absolutely. And And I think that that's, we have to think about those we elect as our utility players. Right. And that you You know you pull them in when you need to. You rally against them if you need to. But going back to that harm reduction, as you mentioned is really important. And the last one is thinking about the political landscape. What is happening? That's the one in the country. What is happening in your state? What is happening in society? And based upon who's running their record, their disposition is this the person I want to lead during this time?


That's the realest thing. And And, I want to just say, we always say that. We say we, we are not fighting for allies. We fighting for a better opponent. Yeah. Right. That's who we elected. We wanna elected the best opponent because we understand that in government you are going to make decisions. The government is gonna have different You know ideologies and understandings and have different point of views and needs that they think and, and we represent the people and have to make sure that we argue on behalf of the people all of the time. So if we understand that process, then we should always feel like we have to challenge our government officials. Always. But what I wanna say is this, this whole ideology, like You know, I've, I've just become civically engaged in like the last 10 years.


You know I'm from the hood, so I really didn't pay that much attention. But there's this ideology in the streets that either we shouldn't vote, right? We shouldn't vote or You know. Just mainly we shouldn't vote. I'm not even gonna say the all because that is, that makes absolutely no sense. Even though shouldn't vote makes no sense to me. But what do you tell the person that says they're gonna sit home and just not vote? Yeah. So we not gonna add add for vote for the third party or, oh, I gotta answer that too Because there was a whole thing you, like, there was a thing today where You know it's been, it was on The, Breakfast, Club when Angela Rod was talking to Jillstein and she asked her a lot of questions and there was both pushback. So I want to hear your perspective on the third another party.


Yeah. You know. And then the people that say don't vote. Okay, this is where I might get a little nerdy. So the, I You know I'm in in community all the time. You know in Brooklyn, And, I get that question all the time. Either I don't do politics or voting, doesn't matter. The systems rigged and all that kind of stuff. And it's something that I, I address all the time out in the street. One, I never start with as an organizer, I need you to come out and vote. I never started that way. I always started where people are like, what You know, what do you need? What's You know? Like what's happening? What your concern? Right. What's your concern sort of in that way. But even when I do get to the point where someone says, I don't do politics, we shouldn't vote anyway because it's You know all raised, then I ask the question, then what do you do?


Mm. Like You know what do do you do now you gotta, yeah. Right. And more often than not, You know, people might say, oh, I volunteer here, or things or whatever. And I was like, what is the reason you have to volunteer for kids to have food for lunchtime? Because there isn't someone making a decision that those kids don't need the resources for them not to eat. So you not doing politics, meaning those kids don't have another advocate to make sure that they are eating and their bellies are full for them to learn. So you're depriving those kids of your voice. Yeah. You actually, you're actually going against what it is that you actually want To do. Yeah.


Counterproductive. Right. And then talking to people, which is, I think you talk about it was deliberate of taking civic education. Right? Right. It's also deliberate that we took the word power and political power out of civic because civics is like, oh, let's go like volunteer at the library or pick up trash or like, it's like these passive actions. Ah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Rather than it's about control. Control and wielding your political power. Right? Me, you and others in our community coming together are a powerful voice to push back against money grabbing landlords.


Mm. Right. Like us. So they diminish super local. Right. Super local. Super local. We're diminishing because people are afraid of the power. Mm. And that's what you're doing with voting. Wow. That is what you're doing with organizing. You are collectively coming together to wield your political power. And in Brooklyn naacp, I go a step further where I tell people we're doing an action in Brownsville and stuff like that. I was like, come with me. Let's build black political power. Right. And see what we can do with that collectively in the state, in the, on the city level. And then You know on the national level, that is scary to people, that people would come together to build back black political power.


We've seen that all throughout history. And so helping people to understand that, that this is about power. Yeah. And part of your vote. That's why when I talk about that political landscape is where will I have the most power? Right. Not only in pushing this elected this a You know advocacy or what have you. So then when you get to the third party, will I have power if I vote for a party that can't get the 270 electoral votes? Do you believe like we do That it's time to create other options, like viable options to open up our Yeah. Political process. This is where I get a bit nerdy because this is part of the problem.


I don't have a problem with like folks like Jill Stein and others or whatever running like do like I You know, do you whatever. What I have a problem with is that there are, because these are state by state processes in terms of ballot access, getting on the ballot, and we have defaulted to two parties, not only on the national level but on the statewide level. And so you have to break that stronghold of two parties in order to get to more viable options. There's absolutely no reason why Hillary Clinton and a OC should be in the same political party.


There's absolutely no like the, like from a political Ideologist. And depending on how you feeling, you might want either one of them that doesn't. Right. Depending on whatever. But there's no reason why Bernie Sanders Right. And You know Barack Obama. Barack Obama are in the same political party. That's right. That's right. It does like it like it doesn't co sell. Yeah. It doesn't work like It. And it really turns people off because the messaging is mixed and it seems like there's a fight Yeah. Going on. Yeah. Like internally. Right. And that is because we've defaulted as a country to a two party system. And in order to get to harm reduction, more representative thing, we do need to break that stronghold.


And that comes with changing state laws and changing the national process. And that's hard work that people don't want to You know accept. So You know, you could say, oh, the third party option, but that is hard to do. That takes much more money. And the clo person that got the closest was Bernie Sanders. But he also did it using a two party using one of the major political parties. Right. He didn't use a third party. Exactly. Right. 'cause it would never have worked. It wouldn't have worked. And we know that, listen, I know we, we have to wrap up. We could do this for a while because it's so, so much. You might do it again too. Yeah. There's so much to learn. Why I want you to tell folks where they can get your books. Sure. But, but, but when you do that, the next thing I wanna ask you about is your own advocacy.


Like your personal advocacy with your husband has been to take children into your home who are in the foster care system and, and all of us. That's why I always tell people we don't have to do things the same way. You don't have to sit in your home right now and say, well, I'm not gonna do what Tamika Mallory does. Well, I'm not gonna do what El Joy and my son do. You can figure out your own ways to impact so much of people's lives who need help. And you all have taken on children who, who are need homes. And. I. Just want you to talk a little bit about that process and why you all decided to do that. Yeah. Yeah. So first of all, you can get, get Vote Ready on Amazon. The journal.


The journal for the empowered voter, And I, say, empowered voter, because you are already empowered. Right. Speak. We don't have to give you power. You already have it. You just have to learn how to harness it and use it for yourself, your family, and your community. Absolutely. Absolutely. So you go to Amazon and search get vote Ready journal. It's actually number two right now, and it just debuted it. That's great. It's number two. People are thirsty. Political advocacy people. People are thirsty. It's a great thing for someone who may be voting for the first time, or not a regular voter or even a prime voter You know, like it's, it's a really good exercise I think into, okay, let me go through the process of making sure that I'm engaged and it's for any election, not just this one.


You know. So it's something that you can use for that. Love it. The second piece in, in terms of what my husband And I do, it started from a personal space. It started from You know, a family member needing care and the government You know a CS showing up saying, we taking a baby. And I was like taking who baby. Like, not like You know. And it's, I said, no. You know we're gonna take care. And then You know once my husband, And I started that process and realized how many other You know young people are caught up, particularly black and brown children Right. Are in the system. And a lot of it is because of poverty. A lot of people, children are taking because of poverty, not because they didn't love the child, not because of, and they classify neglect as, oh, you don't have enough food in the refrigerator.


Or do you have a stable place that just because you're couch surfing or it's something like that. Like, there's so many different reasons why children end up in the system. And it's not to say that there aren't very real cases of neglect and abuse because there are, but for a, there's a large portion of it. It is because of issues of poverty. And then after that family member who's now You know permanently with us, we kept our license open. Mm. And so far we have fostered children. Their parents are under 25. Wow. Or 25. And so you chose that area. Well, it just so happened to be, and You know when I talked about, like one of the things I say in a photo line to the vice president every time I talk to her about foster care.


Right. And even though it is a process that is governed by states, it is a national crisis. Yeah. And certainly that was exasperated by Covid that used to be addressed in terms of the resources because it's an ongoing cycle. Just our brief time of 10 years doing it, we've seen the vicious cycle of a young person in care. They not having the adequate supports or resources. They then become parents sooner than they need to be. And then they don't have basic supports to be able to support. So now their children are taken. And it's so sort of an ongoing cycle from that standpoint.


And so we really have to focus not only as a state, but as a nation in how we are addressing the needs of people un 25 and under in this country. Mm. Because we, for a lot of things, we leave it up to just the parents. And what happens when those no, there are no supports or the parents need additional supports in order to continue to raise them and engage for their livelihoods. Well, Donald Trump said, you just need a a day to purge and just beat 'em up when they steal. Oh, Jesus. You know, just beat the kids up. They still, you rough 'em up real, real violently and then everything will go back to normal. So that's, I guess that's, well listen how you do that.


No, no. That, that's not, I You know I wrote on your page how I feel about that. It was Some definitely, it was definitely some what we call expletives that You racist. I'm just so tired of it. But I, I just wanna Thank you L Joy. Yes. L Joy or coming to be with us today. Get the book. Get this book. It is the get book get vote ready journal. Yes. The journal. Because you gotta do for The Empowered Voter, And I Hope that everybody who's like, what do I do? How do I do it? Da, instead of us becoming so anxious that we disengaged. 'cause you just overstimulated there are actual tools. And I believe that your book is a tool. Let me touch it so I can feel it and and put a little bit of the blessing that I have on it.


Thank you You know that, that there are real people who have sat down and said, let me help you so that you are not anxious, but you're actually ready. That's right. Ready to go. That's Why we got smart Friend. That's it. Well, You know she's one. I thought she's a super friend. A super friend. LJ Williams, the president of the NAACP Brooklyn branch, but also so, so, so much more. And also an author here. Okay. That's what I'm talking about. Thank you lj, thank you so much for love you joining us. Thanks.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


moments Like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or MBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking ibrance. Tell your doctor if you have fever, chills or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems or, or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


So with that said, we're gonna go into my, I don't get it since we talk about civics, You know, and I haven't really said anything about the Eric Adams charges because I don't really know a lot about it. Right. I just, but I read the indictment and then I read the article that I read today just talking about You know what there he's being accused of and just getting a breakdown. And I don't get how someone who is an elected official, right? And they have lobbyists. We, I've heard about having lobbyists and they lobby for certain things and they lobby on behalf of certain things. And You know the, the elected officials, the campaigns are funded.


They have dinners, they raise money. And all of these things are supposed to be that you build a relationship with the elected officials that You know that you advocate on behalf of yourself. And now, when it seems to me, right, because I've heard this a few times, that every time there's a black elected official, there's those things become criminal. Right? And I. And I'm not saying it is because I don't know all of the intricate things. Like we don't know all of the evidence, we don't know all the things, but it, it, it acts it seems to me as if you being close to an elected official You know, raising money on behalf because you wanna see that person in power, that you believe in that person and you having a relationship which puts you in a position to where you can say, Hey, these things are wrong in our community or these things we need in our community.


And him being able to advocate on behalf of you now is something that's illegal. It's, it is a bribe. So I Well, I'm glad you being vulnerable In that. And I'm not, listen to me, And, I, And, I. Don't know And I don't agree with Eric Adams on a lot of things. And we, like we just said, oh, You know, we push back. And I've had You know, if you look at our drink Champs interview, I sat down And I explained to him the things I didn't agree with. But as a man and as a black man, I understand that it is hard, especially in politics. I've watched this situation happen. This is not the first time, this is not the second, these, this same situation I've seen happen to like four elected officials. Yeah. Black elected officials. Right? Right. So I I'm, I'm really don't get why the You know the, the threshold.


Right. Why, why the criteria for advocacy in, in fundraising and things seem to change when black officials are Involved. Yeah. It doesn't, it doesn't change. And that's why I said I'm glad that you asked because I think as you said, that TMI is a forum and should be for us to educate people, but also sometimes we just don't know. And when we don't know, we should not feel like, oh, we can't talk about that because we don't know. No, it's okay for us to say, I don't know. And so, so here's the thing. First of all, yes, there is an attack on black elected officials. We see it happening all over the country. What's our sister's name in Maryland, in Baltimore, Marilyn Mo. Marilyn Mosby.


She is on house arrest right now for something that is completely asinine, right? Using her own money in the purchase of a home, her own money, not stealing from the taxpayers, not, and making a mistake on the application, even if the mistake was something that some people will say is intentional. She says that it wasn't, in fact, she says that it did not even happen the way in which it has been portrayed, especially in the media, but now she's on house arrest and You know, I I think it's asinine. You now see that Angela Asel Brooks, who's running for Senate in also in Maryland, she is being accused of not registering her grandmother's property the, the right way, which looks very to me as an oversight.


But nonetheless, she's also experiencing this. You see Brian Benjamin, who, what, who has never even purchased marijuana, okay? This is a man who I, Brian as our friend, he's probably the cleanest clean person I've ever, ever, ever met in my life. I know Brian and You know Brian, and we've looked at his evidence and we've looked at all of that. And this young man's life has been destroyed. Even though he's rebuilding it, he will be fine. Before the moment, Brian as the lieutenant governor of New York State, who was about to go on and become the governor, right? He was definitely gonna be the governor. There's no question about it. He had the, he could raise the money.


He had the relationships, he had the posture of not being like a, he'll say I'm a black capitalist, right? And that's something that he And I have gone back and forth on. Nonetheless, when he says, I'm a black capitalist. I know there's some people who like to You know who, who, who are looking at more their interest in politics. They're like, okay, I could get with him. He's not the liberal, super progressive You know against people making money type of person. So he did all the things right? He checked all the boxes and still they took him down over something that when you look at the evidence, first of all, they've had to walk back some of it. And second of all, the, the individual who was accusing him was a white man who's deceased now, but also he was somebody who was a criminal already in charge, in in trouble for some other things.


And Brian seemed to become the fish that he could give to the prosecutors and to the United States. Attor dis the, the feds basically to why can't I get the u us U US attorney's office to get them to, to, to maybe back down, offer him or just to ingratiate himself with the system. So this goes on and on and on. And we could keep going. Kim Fox, this one, people running for office and people in elected office all over this nation. Black people. So cool. The charges for Eric Adams, if there is evidence for those charges, real evidence that sticks on him, they are charges that are serious.


Because number one, it's not that, it's just people advocating for themselves the way that you And I do. These are business folks. These are not community advocates who are like, oh, I You know, I wanna see more community centers and whatever. These are people who are making a lot of money. And by the way, Turkey specifically is not on a good list with America. I don't wanna give the wrong title, but I know they're on some list of like not being our friend or not being an a, a nation that America has a strong relationship with. So when you're in relationship with them, and then they are able to do business with the city. And then they said that the fire codes in the building that they wanted were not up to par.


And it was like 90 different issues. And they claim that Mayor Adams called the fire department over and over, even after they declined to give them the building and they made it happen. This is what they, this, this is what they're saying. I'm just You know. So if there's evidence to prove that, if there's evidence to prove it, then we will be able to see whether he was actually involved in these things that they say happened for 10, 10 years or a longer period of time. The main thing though, which is the same kind of issue or the same charges that they bought against by Brian Benjamin, is the straw donations, which is the $10 million that they speak about, where they say he stole 10 million, $10 million.


And it's also the way that the media talks about these things, it stole 10 million million dollars. Makes you think that he siphoned it off and put it in his bank account and spent it on his family and friends. Exactly. And was out partying with it. But what they're saying is that the, the, these connects that he had in Turkey, they had relationships. They, they took their relationships with other people, gave them money, and then those people made donations on, on their behalf to boost their support for him so that he would be indebted to them. And You know. And, and so I, I look at that and if there's, like I said, real evidence for it, I can see why he would be in real trouble. Now he says that the allegations are lies and it's a bunch of slander and things that's being made up or that is being blown up to make it look like he ha he's running some type of criminal enterprise, which by the way, there's all kinds of investigations flying around his office for different things.


Couple of things I know is when I look at people who are also in the administration, like David Banks, who's the chancellor of New York City public schools and also Sheena Wright and just a, a bunch of people there. I could go on with the names. These are people that I know. I know, especially the two that I named. I know that they would never be involved in a criminal enterprise. I know that there are many people within that administration that they would never, ever, that's just not their character. It's not who they are. And I could say that. And if I was ever proven wrong, I would have to come back and say, I apologize. But I know, I know that these are people who just, that that's just not what the, that's not what they do.


The bank's family is just not what they do. So with that being said, we have to, before we start talking about step down, resign, all of this, we really do have to be able to see whether or not this evidence is true and is, and is tried and tested in the court. Because my, my perspective on this is even though Eric And I have many, many different things that we disagree on, many his support for Israel and, and unfortunately the way in which he either will not even address the Palestinian community or the way in which it's almost like he mocks it. I don't like that. I don't, I don't support that. I don't like his consistent support for police officers that we believe are Rogue and disrespectful and harmful, very dangerous in our communities.


This is true. So there's a num there's a list of things that I could sit here. Like we said, you don't gotta make anything up because there's a list of things, there's a list Of laundry List. But I also wanna challenge those people who jump up and they're like, oh, that's it. You out. I wanna challenge those people. You, you want pokey though, who goes through who gets arrested and all of that to be able to go before a court of law and for the evidence to prove they're wrong. But then when it comes to him, we wanna have a different standard. And. I. Just, that's something that you can be mad or you want with me, but I just don't support it. I'm not mad at anybody who says, we don't like Eric Adams never did, and therefore we feel that this is an, a moment when his leadership has been shown to be like ineffective and he needs to step down.


But I do think that there is something to be said about these investigations that happen to be going on all across the country to our elect or black elected officials. I just am not with it. So there's a side of me that understands what you're saying. But then there's also a side that we have to be very clear that the charges against him are not a joke. They are serious charges. No And, I, And I Understand what you're saying. I'm just saying based on what I was reading when I read the article, Right, the article you're talking about, you're talking about an article that says that the chart, like it's a overcharge. Like it's a overreach. Yeah. And I was, which is the same thing they did to Brian Benjamin. It the same And, I, And I. It's 'cause it, it basically described what exactly happened to Brian Benjamin. So when I'm listening, I'm like, well, this is the same thing that happened to Brian Benjamin.


And it's like how do and what they say the, the main thing that they say about these cases, that there has to be quid pro, pro Quid pro Quo. Pro pro. My Fault. And I, I, I can never say it. Qui pro quo. Yes. Quid pro crow, No quid, Quid pro quo. Oh yeah. See, the main thing they say about these cases, they have to be quid pro quo. And that means that there has to be an established agreement between two parties that if you do this, then I'll do that. Right. And that's what has to be established and based on this. And They couldn't establish it for Brian Benjamin. Not really at all. Like at all trash. There was no, there was no, not really at all.


All they had him doing was actually just giving the, The grant to the organization, The organization for him to do what he does with the kids. There, there was nothing that you do this and I'm gonna do that. Right. Right. So, and and what I'm saying is this, And the judge said that, let's just be clear that the judge was like, where is the qui pro quo? The pro quo? Yeah, That's what I'm saying. I don't see it when I'm reading this article, they're saying the same thing. They say, okay, most of the time people do things for elected officials. If this is the elected official that you're trying to get in, then you're gonna try to get everybody. But you can't take. But but the law, the law, we should From this, the law said, we have to know that's, that's where quid quo, pro quo comes in. Well, I would have to be aware that something is happening.


If you decide, you, you, one of my constituents, right? You wanna make sure I'm running for men. You wanna make sure that I get, and you go to all the whole block, like, listen, we need to donate to my son. And you get everybody and you rallying up and they all donate and they come from you and this and that. Right? And you decide I don't have any. But the problem Is I haven't promised you anything. Yeah. But the problem is, well, I mean, but still again, it's all about evidence. Because if you allege that someone knew or that there was conversations between the staff and team members where they were coordinating that it's one thing to, to rally up your community. I remember one time I said to an elected official, I can't remember who it was, but I said, oh, okay, you want my mom and dad?


I didn't know. I was very, I didn't know. So I said, oh, my mom and dad. I said, oh, well I'm not gonna make them spend their money to donate for you. I'm gonna give them money in the elected official. I can't remember. I know it was a man, but I cannot remember who it was. Stop me immediately and said, it might've been Giovanni, stop me immediately and said, that is illegal. You cannot do that. Absolutely not. And if your parents are to give me, it has to come from them. You can ask them to donate to me. But that's fundraising. But you cannot fund them giving me money. So again, that would be something where there would have to be evidence of it. Now we can speak to it as it relates to Brian, because we, with Brian, we know from talking to him directly, we ain't talk to Eric about this. Eric Adams the mayor, but we have talked to Brian.


We know that he had, if, if if it was done, he don't know a dang one thing about it was never involved in anything like that. So I'm sure that that is this maybe, maybe that's, I don't know where Eric's, I'm not gonna try to deliberate his defense. Yeah, I can't, I can't tell. But I, But that would be a problem that you cannot give people money to give. And it's not just being around somebody, my son. It's also a person. Like one of the things I saw in the evidence is they're saying like, okay, you wanted to get, you wanted go to on a plane. A plane. And instead of you paying $15,000, which is the cost of the ticket, you are paying a thousand dollars Now, should people, and it's a lot of people that don't even care about that.


'cause I, I don't care about that. Like, that doesn't move me at all. Because I do understand that if I'm in relationship with you and you have the ability to give me a deal on a plane ticket, I don't see anything wrong with that. But the law says that that is illegal. See, I didn't know that. I didn't know that you, the law Says It's illegal. You taking on somebody funding you A fair of Yes, you can't do it. And if you, and no, no, now you can, like you can't even go out to dinner. I cannot take You know we have many friends in their administration when we go out to dinner, they have to pay for themselves. They cannot even take a dinner from us if then they could take it from me as a friend. But You know how you applied to the city for, which ultimately puts me in it. But you applied to the city for the Youth Cent youth centers and all of the youth operations that you do in Newark, you trying to do it here in New York?


Well when you, when soon as that application is in, you can no longer, you no longer. Because now that would mean that you are providing favors for something in return. Now because I'm friends with these people and there's clear evidence of us partying together. You two hanging out. They know we are friends. I might pay the bill at dinner and that's okay. But even then, depending on when it is, what the conversation at the table was. 'cause if the next person who's sitting at the production crew, this gentleman is sitting there, sitting discussing and he said, oh, they over there talking about whatever, you can't even do that. So it has to be very, very, you, you could be talking about twerking and whatever else that you think, and that's cool.


But as soon as you say, well You know we put this application in for the city, da da da da da, and we trying to figure out da da da, that becomes that, that elected official has to pay for it. And the reason why they do that is to cut back on people being able to pay to play. So Well that makes sense. You know. So what I, what I will say is that, that's Why I I'm with you with the everybody black thing though. But it, it is Definitely everybody black. I said, I said this the other day, black man down bad, black man down, bad man. It's like when, when we look at the news, it's just being from, we just being taken down from all angles, man, And, I, And, I want to give the benefit of the doubt. Right? I want, I want everybody's case to try out in court.


Right? Right. I'm not, I'm not convicting anybody. People like, why you gonna speak on Diddy? Why you ain't speaking on Eric? 'cause I don't know what happened with Diddy. I know I spoke, when I seen what happened with Cassie, I spoke about it. I said that it was Carol coach. I said that I didn't condone that. I said whatever he had to deal with for that he should need to be held accountable for. But everything else I don't know anything about. And I'm gonna let it play out in the court of law. And I would think that's what men's supposed to do. In, in this situation. Just like with Eric Adams. I don't know what he did. I don't, and I'm not gonna sit here and pile on another black man who's dealing with whatever he has to deal with. 'cause I would want somebody, I went to trial for my life, right? And, I was facing a bunch of times. And, I, And, I. I blew trial for a crime.


I didn't commit. And, I, And, I had to deal with that. Right? So I understand those realities. So don't ask me, don't come to me and ask me to pile up on another black man about something that I don't know about. I'm gonna let that man have his, his day in court and if he's found guilty, then he'll be held accountable. But he's not gonna be held accountable for me. 'cause I'm not the judge or the jury in those situations. And that's why I have this segment called I don't get it because I didn't get it. So you gave me some education about certain things. Well, there are some people who will say, well, what about Tory Lanes? And why was that different? Right? And what I would say is, first of all, we had, we were looking at the case Oh yeah, we were looking at the case. So we knew a lot more details than most people knew because we were actually getting, we were like out there looking and calling around trying to find like, because for, for, for, for a woman to like lie on a man and say that he shot her, that was something that really disturbed me.


Like I was really like, nah, this can't, this can't be. Yeah. But what I, and so we were looking at it, but one, one of the things that I did, if you ever go back and you look, I never said he did it or didn't do it, I just said, stop lying and saying that she wasn't shot because she was, and she was being antagonized. And after I did my, my due diligence and my research, it became very clear to me what was going on and what happened to her. But what I can appreciate about you is that you did say after you first was like, he did it. He did it. He did it. Because You know, sometimes we get passionate and overzealous. You said You know what actually I'm wrong for posting this and I'm gonna take it down. Yeah. Because it was wrong for me to even come out here saying these things without this man being able to go through his day in court.


Yep. And that's and You know. And it was, and it was wrong. And I said that as a man. And, and And I learnt from that situation. Even though that's how I felt in my heart, even though I, I knew certain things about the situation. And when we, we watched things play out in court, it was like, You know a man got caught with the gun. He did this and, and he, I heard the, the videotape, I mean the audio tape of what was happening. I, I like, there was certain things. And then I watched when he said her friend did it and then said she didn't do it. Like I, I literally watched and said to myself this, I've seen this behavior before. So I made my decision based on that And I was willing to stand by, but I I still didn't want to come out publicly and say what I said. I was frustrated. And I was watching. I felt like the woman was being antagonized, And I was trying to stand up for her.


And I moved in a way that I normally wouldn't move. And, I apologize for that as a man. So moving forward in this situation, I'm gonna give everybody the same grace because I have way less information about these cases than I even had about that case. Yeah. Because we literally was online digging for a court document. You know we were calling people And I And I was having a dialogue with, with Tory and just explaining to him and just the way, the way that he carried it to me was wrong. And You know, I don't wish jail on anybody. You know I I'm here. A lot of things that he's, he's doing things for inmates in jail, doing it into their funds. You know, hopefully he, you he comes home. He's, he's more successful. He's learned from whatever mistakes he made in the past.


I do not wish jail on anyone in The, World. But I I understand that there are consequences for your actions. Right. And you need to be held accountable. Yeah. And if, if you did something, then you gotta deal with it. As men, we, we, we fall down, we realize we made mistakes and we get back up and we move forward. So You know, I just want everybody to just move in. Just understand, we, we, we dealing with a lot of dark forces right now. There's a lot going on and black men are under attack. And, I keep saying black men are down bad. So I'm just saying just hold the complete judgment. Right. You cannot, like somebody say that you don't like somebody, but just hold off from piling on. Right. Because when you pile on to somebody You know and you don't know what's going on and you just completely convict, it's hard to eat that crow.


Yeah. You know. It's hard to eat that Too. It's to say I was wrong. Yeah. To say you And I, but And I mean You know what I feel as a woman. I, I feel many different ways. And this is not something that I have not said directly to Puff to others that are close to the situation after not just watching the video of Cassie, but also listening to some of the stories. It's disturbing. That's it. It is nothing else. It is disturbing. It's painful. I You know I, my heart goes out to Cassie because even in the midst of all of this, while it may seem like You know justice is coming, she still suffered and experienced something that I watched happen with my eyes on that video tape. That couldn't have been the first time. It just couldn't have been. That's the way I feel about it.


And I have no problem saying that in public. Nonetheless, I know how these prosecutors work when they give you an indictment, baby, the charges got stuff in it that you like, whoa, what is this? How is that? Oh, and they, they make it You know because even having a thousand big bottles of baby oil and, and lubricant or whatever now wow. That may give you some type of thought about what could be happening. It's not illegal. And I don't believe that. A jury is gonna be like, oh, that's it. That's the convicting thing. And that's what happens to social media though. But that's, and that's also, but that's how we know from reading indictments, that's how it works. So when you actually get court documents and you are in court and you can hear what is being said and how information is being translated, that's when you start to understand like what it boils down to.


What is the real truth in the end of the day. So that's what we all will see and, and have to wait to see. Not just in that case, but it's a many of 'em. I mean, we got, this is, it's a plethora man. Man. It's a lot going on. But anyway, so we outta here today. We outta here man. Once again, shout out to our TMI family. Make sure you hit us up and DM us. Let us know about what topics you want, who you want us to interview. Tell us we, number one, tell us you love us the best. Tell me that Tamika is always arguing with me and I'm always right. I I want to be right all the time. So we appreciate you. I'm not gonna always be right. Tamika's not gonna always be wrong, but we'll, both always. And, I mean always be author.


He's come. I'm Tamika D Mallory and It's your boy, my son in general. We are your host of TMI Tamika, and my son's information, truth, motivation, and inspiration. New name, new energy. What Same old us


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagines, the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


As Cybersecurity Awareness Month wraps up. Remember that threats don't stop. Outdated software can leave you vulnerable to cyber attacks, making it easy for criminals to exploit security flaws. Norton 360 has you covered with multiple layers of protection designed to keep you safe online. The software updater feature ensures your programs are always current. With Norton 360, you get robust year-round protection against today's sophisticated threats. Don't wait. Get up to 58% off your first year at norton.com/secure.