
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. C Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's AT&T's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an ATT store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Can I really do this? It's what everyone asks at every new stage of life. Sandy Spring Bank has you covered with personalized solutions to buy a house or improve the one you've got, or to grow your business because that helps our community grow. We'll show you how to save more for the future wherever it brings you. What's your next financial destination? Sandy Spring Bank. Visit Sandy spring bank.com. Member FDIC, equal housing lender and MLS number 4 0 6 3 8 2.


Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. And if you're just joining us, we're talking about some comments that PLAs made over the weekend. Let's listen. But To everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me and the the men who look like me who quit the Yeah. Kalo want my vote. She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother, black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this motherfucker explain herself. Y'all, y'all cool the white man out. Explain to herself, she want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man to explain this motherfucker, sir.


Well, she, she been in the office already three and a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do because she ain't the motherfucker president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager, she don't get to do it. She wanna do, she might can give you some prize, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up though. That ain't that mother lady White House. She just like the man. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this, most of y'all, but y'all just want something to mother fucking say. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? So we'll start with you Lauren. What do you think? I, I feel like on my timeline on Twitter, from what I see, people are asking questions, people are questioning, like the biggest thing I see is like people asking where was she? Why didn't she do this? And the stuff about the the black man.


But a lot of that, those questions and those things have been like debunked or like people put more information on Her now. Well, shouldn't but shouldn't people ask? She's a politician, Right? A hundred percent. But I, and She represents us and wants to represent us. So yeah, no matter if she's white, black, green, yellow man, woman, if somebody's representing us, wouldn't you want to ask them as much as possible to feel comfortable with them? That's the reason for the campaign season. That's exactly what's supposed to be done. I just think because she's the new kid at school, like it seems like it's a lot more her way. But I think that that's just what comes with it. And I. Just also think too, people are sensitive when it comes to black women. Some people are and rightfully so, but She's a politician, right? Yeah. We did it to, we did it to Biden, we did it to Barack, we did it to Donald Trump. We do it to any politician. We should be doing it more to politicians, Right?


A hundred percent. But I think no matter what this whole campaign season and even when she wins, there's always gonna be some sensitivity from certain people because she's a woman and she's a black woman. So I think that's where ply is leaning in. Like he's jumping in on that state. But you supposed to ask questions of people, it just feels like it's all break. Like it's all coming down on her at once. 'cause she's the new kid at school. Ply is absolutely positively wrong. If people are asking questions, that's great. I don't even know why Ply is making this a black woman versus black man thing. This isn't about black men and black women. It's about elected officials and potential voters. The whole point of campaign season is for candidates to go out there and explain to the American people why they should be the one in charge of this country. Votes are earned not given, and they are earned through you going out there and explaining yourself.


Vice President Kamala Harris has to go out there and explain her agenda and why she's the person for the job. Former president Donald Trump have to go out there and explain his agenda and why he should be the person to get his job. Again, You know or get the job. Again, I don't understand Plys or any black person for that matter, telling black people to just settle. Just accept whatever the candidate is giving you. Don't ask any questions. They've Doing it. They don't It for long. Don't have to explain anything to us. They've been Doing it for a long time. Even with Biden, when we ask questions to Biden, well, it, it's the best two evils You. know what I mean? You gotta pick one. But no If, you have questions. People should be able to, to ask. Listen, that. That's the point of a politician, right? They're supposed to represent us, represent our district, represent our country. Shouldn't we ask? Forget. And, and by the way, they they should be explaining without us asking.


That's the whole point of them doing these press conferences and the meetings. Yeah. The same way these politicians have meetings for their donors and they have rallies, right? Press conferences explaining themselves and their agendas to certain groups. They should have to explain themselves to black people the same way. Ply is a billion percent wrong. But Let's, let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Jefferson. Jefferson, good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from 9 1 4 Westchester Yonkers, white Plains, Greenburg, New York. What's that? All right. Did you go to the locks concert this weekend? The Locks was performing in New York. They brought out ll I seen them brought out Ghost Face. One Thing you gonna do is put on the concert. I actually didn't go, but I heard about it. I I wish I did go. Alright.


Jot out the locks though. A A absolutely. Jefferson. So what's your thoughts? What's your opinion? All? So I'm a professional New Yorker, right? I don't know what PLA was really saying. I wish he could really communicate. He's a grown man. He's over 40. He should communicate better. But everyone thinking Kamala doesn't have to answer. We're not, even if I'm not voting for her or I'm voting for her, you still gotta explain yourself on this type of level of job. That's right. I know we You know, I know we wanna support off of off of the complexion, but like we need to know that you, you're a good representation. Look, we had Obama. He was a good representation for us. A good entryway. Good a good marker. Kamala do the same. A lot of us, not just, not just melanated people, but a lot of humans are just looking at her for just like a direction.


Just show us that You know what you're doing so we can really pump you how you want us to pump you out here in the public. She, she's a, she's applying for a job that what ply is saying is like, go into a room when you, when you get requested for a job interview and don't, and, and, and don't, don't don't say nothing. I'm supposed to sit there. Look, I'm to just sit there and look at you. Right? If they took it easy on her, then that would be a whole issue too. Like, if people didn't access of her because she is a black woman, it would be like y'all giving her pass because of color. The same way people upset when people saying they voting for her because of her color. Hello, who's this? This is Kia. Kia. Good morning. What are, what are your thoughts? What Apply? Said, I feel like I agree with him. Like truly, I feel like people really don't want a black woman in the office.


And that's the main problem. Like, y'all put Trump in there with a person that had no experience on political reasons. But when a black woman wanna come in there and have experience and did for us, nobody wanna give her a chance. Everybody shot her off. So you think Donald Trump didn't have to explain himself? You think Donald Trump didn't have to go out there to the American people and campaign. You didn't think Donald Trump was. No. So, so all of those lies Donald Trump was telling folks and all of these things he was saying he was going to do, you don't think that wasn't explaining himself? No. Donald Trump. I feel like y'all an and an act that everybody loved at the time and an act for what? I don't know, but it was an act and it's like, like Now that he's there, it was, it was, it was an act, but he was still explaining himself.


That is what campaigning is. When you see these people on TV and they're having these rallies. No, that and these press conferences and These interviews, no, that's the character. Huh? If you're acting for something, if you're acting, I'm being a character. I'm not myself. So how I'm going to give a person a true information on what I'm doing if I don't really know what I'm doing? It's an act. It's not the truth. It's not what I'm truly trying to give. Once again, what have Trump did once again, when you see, when you see people having these rallies, these elected officials having these rallies, these press conferences, these interviews, they are explaining themselves to the American people. Vice President Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are doing an interview with NBC news this week because they're going to explain themselves to the American people.


Just like last week at the dnc when she gave her speech, she was explaining herself to the American people. And she should, and she should explain themselves. And they all should. Yes. To say an elected official shouldn't have to explain is insane to me. It sounds crazy. I I look at it like is is we are hiring them for a job and you have to make me want to hire you. You have to make me want to vote. You have to tell me your policies. You gotta tell me what your plans are. And if I don't like it, I don't have to hire you. I'm not hiring you because of, of anything. Exactly. What, what, what, what's my best interest? And you gotta explain that. It'll Calm down though now. 'cause she's starting to address more things. Like people will just really won't have questions. No, it won't. I think it will. No it won't. It'll because it'll be repeated. People will get tired of hearing. It's just, I'm trying to tell you, it's just new. That's why everybody feels like it's hitting her so hard. You know why it won't calm down.


Because every time she puts something on the table, it's gonna be, it's gonna be scrutinized. They're gonna break it apart. Just like when every time Donald Trump puts something on the table, it's scrutinize breaking it apart. JD Vance's been explaining these cat lady comments for two, three weeks. You know what I'm saying? That's true. And, and and, and he should have to. But do you not feel like it's so I agree with that, all of it. But do you not feel like it's heightened a bit or sensationalized a bit because of her being a woman and a black woman? I think it's heightened and sensationalized for her because she came on to the campaign with what, 90 days to win, right? Well, you got, you got nine people got 90 days to make a decision. So You know after the debate ended, and then You know a week later or however it was, she became the nominee or not, not officially the nominee, but everybody said she was gonna be at the top of the ticket.


She didn't give an interview for three weeks. You know why everybody made that such a big deal because she only got, she only had 90 plus days to win. Now she got 70 plus days to win because of the nature of her campaign and how she became the nominee. That's why she's gonna get even more scrutiny. Well, We're we're 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're also on live glam millionaire sixes. Y'all seen we didn't question the white man. I'm 41 around plaza's age. A lot of y'all don't worry about politics until it's a popularity issue Like this one. We should question everybody. Everybody. I don't know who, who didn't question the white man. That's all I did. They, y'all was on my head for questioning Biden too much. Don't Y'all talk, don't you talk about my Uncle Joe like that.


Draw the charlamagne. Don't you talk about my master now don't you? You cut that out. Don't you tell my master to drop out? Told me You gotta Daniel talk about my master like that. Charlamagne. Now somebody says he didn't say she shouldn't explain herself, just stop being extra hard on herself. No. Huh? I guess talk about what Plaus was saying about Kendall Harris just From herself. That basically people are being too hard on her. Like she's getting unfair treatment. That's what that person shows. So are people being too hard on Trump? They're running for president of the United States of America. This is what comes with it. She, by the way, she knows that this, this ain't, I don't think she, this ain't the vice president of the first rodeo, but Also too, Michelle, She was the first attorney general that was a black Indian woman.


The first Senate, Senate, Senate person and Senate senator that was an African American woman in California. And Indian woman, first vice president that was an Indian woman that she's used to this, built To this. She used having her name mispronounced. It's Kamala though, guys. Kamala, I know you guys. It's Kala Kala 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Who apply? Said let's play it right now. But To everybody who, especially the ones who, who look like me. The man who look like me. Who quit the Yeah. Kalo want my vote? She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother, black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this mother explain herself. Y'all.


Y'all cool the white man out. Explain to herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man. Explain this motherfucker, sir. Well, she, she been in the office already. Three.


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void. New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk nng.co/ft ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


And a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do Because she ain't the mother president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager, she don't get to do what she want to do. She might can give you some prize, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up though. That ain't that mother lady White House. She just like the man. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this. Most of y'all, but y'all just want something to mother fucking say. We'll take your calls on what he had to say at The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. Of course. Lauren Ro is filling in for Jess. We're asking you questions about what Plys said.


Let's listen to what Plys had to say over the weekend about Kamala Harris. But to everybody who, especially the ones who, who looked like me and the the men who looked like me who quit the Yeah. Kalo want my vote. She need to explain herself to me what she going to do for the black people. Listen, stop asking the mother black woman to explain herself to y'all. If y'all ain't willing to ask the mother white man this motherfucker. Explain his herself. Y'all, y'all cool with the white man not explaining his herself. She want my vote. She need to explain herself. You ain't mother asking the white man. Explain this mother fucker sir. Well she, she been in the office already three and a half years. Why? Why she ain't do all the things she said she was going to do? Because she ain't the mother president. That's why when you go to the mother, Mike, no, that lady that's the manager. She don't get to do what she want to do. She might can give you some fries, but she can't change the price of that mother quarter pound up though.


That ain't that mother lady White house. She just like the manager. You fall in line. But y'all mother know this. Most of y'all. But y'all just want something to mother say. Alright, well let's take some phone calls. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Chris. Chris, good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Florida. Florida. All right. What do, what do you think about what Plaus said? Yeah, so I listen to you guys every morning. And, I gotta say, you guys say you're not very biased, but everything you guys say is all about one side. It's never, never bipartisan, man. I gotta, I gotta be honest. That's why I'm calling. Explain yourself.


Why, why do you say that? Literally just said, well, because PLAs literally just said don't ask questions. She is a black woman. We don't need to ask questions, just vote for it. And then You know Charlemagne was at the DNC. He said, oh, I like the message. He didn't tell us about a message I did tell, I he didn't Said, I like what you Think. I did tell you about the message, but I also disagree with applies. I feel like every politician should have to explain himself, including Vice President Kamala Harris. Like, I, I think it's ridiculous to tell an elected official not to explain themself to the people that they want to vote for them. Absolutely. I mean, You know the other day too, I, you had somebody on that was like pretty much saying the same thing.


Like, I'm gonna vote for her 'cause she's Black. That's ice visa from Detroit. He was, He was being sarcastic. Sarcastic. He was being sarcastic though. He was saying that's what people want him to feel and want him to think. Right? Right. But I feel You know you guys have a huge follow and a lot of people listen to your message. I think it's awesome that you guys come on and, and You know spread the side so that we can get You know the right people in. But I just feel, I listen every morning, I'm like, man, it's a little to one sided. I I I don't see how we've had every, everybody from one side. We have people from the other side. We independence. Lemme tell you why. I love doing what I do. I love doing what we do here on The, Breakfast, Club. 'cause earlier this year, y'all said we were Maga Definitely said we were maga Nah, we back being liberal shills.


Y'all gotta pick y'all. Which one is it? Like which one is it? Hello? Who's this? Kp. Hey, kp. Good morning. What's your thoughts? So I just want, I want black people to understand that yes, transparency is key when you running a campaign. However, there is a process. Once you, you, you are running into policies. It has to go through Senate, it has to go through Congress. The President does not also have the ultimate power as we assume. So y'all just keep up, read the books and y'all learn a little bit more. Well, that gotta do with what Ply said though. Ply said that she the president, she don't have to tell us what, what's going on, but that's not true. Oh, I agree.


That's right. That's, that's, that's exactly right. She, yes, that's, that was the question, ma'am. I don't know why you tried to call up in and You know. Shame us for not knowing civics. Hello? Who's this? Shaar. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I feel like as black men, they need to ask their selves what have they done for the community as a black man? What have they done for our younger black boys? Instead of why they're so upset with Kamala and she needs to explain herself. No, explain why you haven't done what you need to do in your community. Before you sit and ask her what has she done? I agree. I I agree with you Too. All they have done was, huh?


I agree with what you're saying as far as You know, before you point the finger at somebody else, you should ask yourself what you're doing. But these are elected officials that are asking us for our votes to put them in these positions of power. So I don't wanna find, I don't think there's anything wrong with asking an elected official to explain themselves. Yeah, it's nothing wrong with that. But they need to ask theirselves first. My thing is, what have you done? She's the vice president. She's not the president yet. Right. But she's running off of policy. Anything that she wants to do. And, and if If, you don't necessarily agree with her plans of what she wants to do, you can question that And yeah, You can. But have they questioned the other they Donald time What a you're gonna do.


All we all Donald, all Donald Trump does is get questioned. Yeah. All Donald Trump does is get critique. People are just so like, it's normal now you're mute to it. It's because she a new kid at school and it's the thing to talk About. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's going on man? What's your name, brother? It's DD from Where? Charleston. Okay. Charleston. 8, 4 3. What's happening? What's your thoughts? Hey, what's happening man? Hey man, I wanna say this. I ain't all the way mad applies, but it's kind of, Hey Matt Williams, stand up. You can't be a smart dumb brother. You know, like that cat, like, it's smart to question the white man, but at the same time you can't be ignorant. Not saying anybody who's running it for anything. I agree. You know what I'm saying?


They got that process in to say, show me a rich politician. I'll show you a corrupt one. We keep, can't sit here, grew up with this lady. We, we don't know her like that respectfully act like it's not his aunt. He speaks like his aunt or something. And listen, because A lot of people feel like that about her Though. And by the way, Not respectfully I get it. But, but she ain't, Hey, I'm saying this as a supporter of the vice president, okay? Yes. Question her. Yes. Ask her to explain herself. And I. Don't know why we do this with every Democratic candidate. Black people don't question Joe Biden don't question Kamala Harris. Cut it out. Black people don't settle.


Ask questions, make these presidential candidates explain themselves. Especially If. you are undecided with your vote. Yeah, Kamala cool. Underscore 0 0 7. I think he put it right. He said, this sounds silly. Y'all are supposed to question the people who are representing you. You just don't want somebody that you don't know what they are, are, are focused on or what their policies are. You are supposed to question the people that represent us. It just sounds right. Stop. It imply applies. You're offending the vice president. She wouldn't want that because she knows what comes with this. She's been in politics for a long time. The VP is tougher than most. Trust me, as she, as soon as she became at the top of the ticket, even before that, she knew what comes with all of this.


Right? Don't get me wrong, she's still a human being at the end of the day. But trust me, she's, she's built for the scrutiny. She's built for the criticism she's built to have to go out there and explain herself to the American People. And like Charlemagne said, and and Lawrence said this as well, you should be questioning everybody. Your local Congress people, your mayors, the, the people that represent your district, the people that you are voting for. That's right. Even the, even the principal at your school. You should be questioning those people that represent you, that's gonna be pushing policies that's supposed to be affecting you. You supposed to be questioning all these people I've been supporting all day long. I've been supporting Kamala Harris since she was in the Senate in 2018 when we first brought her up here on The, Breakfast, Club, And. I sat here and looked at her and told her, I think she's gonna be president of the United States of America one day. And guess what?


Throughout that whole time I've supported her, but I've also been critical of her. You critique us. I've also asked her tough questions. That's just what you're supposed to do. So don't listen to nobody telling you that you shouldn't be asking these elected officials and these people running up for office to explain themself. That's the whole point of campaigning. I agree. Then go out there and explain yourself to people. I agree. Come Onli. Well we got Jess, we got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? Yes. We are gonna get back into Beyonce at the DNC and kind of what went down there at this point. Now it's turning into like a conspiracy theory. Almost like people were trying to figure out if that was all just staged to push some ratings f and ratings behind Kamala's speech. So we're gonna get into that conversation. I need to know from Lauren LaRosa who used to work at TMZ, how did that happen at TMZ?


We get, how did TMZ get it so wrong? We gonna get into it. We gonna get into it? I have some thoughts. Alright, We'll get into that next. So don't move's. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock.


Right on now, back to the Funk.