
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss.


This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds in a five quart bowl that can whip up a nine yes nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift the whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Morning everybody. It's DJ and the just hilarious Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa filling in for Jess. If you just joining us, we were talking about DDG and Jess with the mess. What did we say Miss Lauren LaRosa. We were saying that Halle Bailey was really upset at DDG because she said that she didn't approve for Halo, which is their son to be on the live stream with him when he live stream with. So we were asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court. We were asking DDG is the father. Does he need approval from the mom to show his son on a stream? That is the question. And that's what we are asking. Let's go to the phone lines. We got mellow on the line. Mellow. Good morning. Yo, what's the word? Y'all know the vibe. How y'all feeling?


What's up? Mellow Life is amazing. It is what it should be. What's your thoughts? Mellow. You doing LL Cool Bay? I'm doing good. We friends today? Oh yeah. Nah, we always friends. Okay. You. know what I mean? I'm just looking out for your best truth. Oh God. Okay, All but listen here, I'm a public defender for for Hailey right now. You. know what I mean? Respectfully like what we not about to do, you are nobody is about to explain to her. It is not about to happen. I'm not letting it happen. Now granted, she shouldn't have have approached that situation on social media. Maybe you should have had a conversation with him. One-on-one like, yo, that made me uncomfortable. You know what I'm going through with the postpartum You. know what I mean? How You know that's what she should have done.


You feel me? I agree. You know what I mean? And on top of that, DDG is a good father. Every time we see him, he present. There's a lot of people out there. They only father his time. You feel me? So respectfully like let that man be a good daddy for his child. Okay? Me, I do agree with Melo. A lot of these conversations, the pub, the general public does not need to be privy to. We got Candace on the line. Candace, good morning. Good morning. How are you guys? What's going on? Candace, what's your thoughts? My thoughts is this is the stupidest discussion ever. Because the fact of it is, I'm just saying because at the end of the day, if they both have posted this little boy and she posts him and she's got a million something views or however many views she got and he got the same whatever, why does he need permission from her to post anybody to post his own son?


I agree. It'd be different if he was on like social media and he got him You know with a gun or something. Or You know in a dangerous type situation if he's just doing an interview and the little boy is in his, his dad's lap and Chloe has posted this little boy a million and thousand times. Hailey, why is that a problem? Hailey? Hailey. But yeah, I agree with you Hailey. Hailey. Yep. And I mean it's literally no different from how You know how sometimes where females that get mad when the dude have they kid around another You know another girl and whatever. And she pissed because he didn't discuss it with her. Do do a fe, is that female gonna run every dude does she mess with through the, through her baby daddy?


Okay, well let me ask you, it's the same thing. You, you, you not wrong Queen, but let me ask you a question. You and your man, y'all watching the Netflix show together or any show on any screaming service? Y'all watching it together, but then you find out he watched one episode without you. Ooh. You feeling little way? Yes. Yes. Actually You know what I'm, it's funny that he brought that up because my, it was my, it's my husband actually. And we were watching old episodes. He got me hooked to the Sopranos. I had never seen The Sopranos before. And he started Wa You know he was watching it and he would watch more episodes. Yeah, I felt some kind of way, but then I would like, I'm, I'm not gonna get bad, but I did feel a certain kind of way. But then only thing I would do is when he'd go to work, I just start rewinding and You.


know what I mean? There you go. And then watch the episodes that he watched. So, so maybe You know. I mean it's nothing to be arguing about because at the end of the day it's what You know what I mean? If that little boy is both they kids, he's not doing anything to endanger that little boy. She need to stop. She's extra for no reason. Okay, thank you Mama. Hello. Who's this? This is Sise. Hey Sise. Come morning, talk to us. What's your thoughts? Okay, so I feel like Halle has a right to say that she doesn't want her baby to be on the internet without her permission. Why? Because as a mother you never know what she's going through. Like she said, she's going through her postpartum.


So as that's her opinion, then he should respect that. Just ask her mother. Even though the baby was posted numerous times on on both their social medias. Yeah, we don't know what's the, the real extent. She never goes on social media speaking her business. DD G's always speaking her business. So if she's on the internet now saying that she doesn't agree, then she doesn't agree. Okay. Thank you Mama. And I said earlier like, don don't wanna take anything away from what she may be experiencing postpartum wise because she said severe and she You know. She did talk about it, but we don't know like she said it, but it's like don don't know what that means. Like how does, how did that come into play with the conversation of was he allowed to take a child to the stream or Not? Right. Well we'll take some more calls when we come back.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're in Breakfast Club Court. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. Now if you just joining us during just with the best, Lauren reported about DDG. Yes, I did. We were talking about DDG on Kai Son's live stream and he brought Baby Halo and it was so cute. But then Holly Bailey, who is You know Halo's mom. We all know Holly. She said, no, I didn't approve that And. don don't like that. And I. She said she's been dealing with severe postpartum and she just didn't okayed and it wasn't cool with her. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 when we're in Breakfast Club Court.


What are your thoughts? Hello, who's this? This is Sharanda. Hey Sharonda. Good morning. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good morning, Sam. My thought is this people always, I don't think she was trying to tell him what to do was things she was saying to try to get ahead of the internet before people start. I Oh, why he got that baby on his shelf and the backside. I get what she's saying. I didn't necessarily see that, but maybe I just, because I thought it was cute. I might have just missed that response. But I can get what she, I I can feel what she's saying though, but because people react to everything they do with their, their baby, the photos, all that.


Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Ebonee from Detroit, Michigan. Hey Ebonee. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. My thoughts is that Halle is right. She's totally correct and that's coming from an individual that also went through pers postpartum after having my daughter. It's not a good feeling to, I guess not know where your child is before they're going there. So for her to not be comfortable, even though she, she herself has put her child online and the father has had the child online as well. I don't think the online is necessarily the issue. I think the location, location of where they are streaming online may be more of the issue in the fact that she didn't know prior to.


Okay. Well thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Hi, my name is Alexis. Hey Alexis. Good morning. What's your thoughts? So I'm really in favor of Hailey's because I don't feel like anyone's taking account that she's saying she wasn't notified. She wasn't saying nobody asked her permission. Okay. But I feel like saying, saying not I wasn't notified is the same thing as saying like, You know it gotta be cleared over here too. Like I need to know what's going on. You wouldn't think that that's like kind of the same thing, even though it's not those exact words. No, no. I feel like she just needed to know what was going on. She didn't need to say yes or no to give permission because the baby's been seen by The.


World by now, like y'all said. But to not know what's going on with your kid and then seeing his face everywhere, all of a sudden it can be shocking. And postpartum isn't just depression. It could be like extreme anxiety too. She said so like as a mother I can relate to how she's feeling. Like just wanting to know what's going on with the baby. Okay. Right. She did You know she did use the the words I don't approve as well. Right. But what's the moral of the story? Do we, do we have a a, a moral at all or a winner Moral of the story? Ain't none of us Halle ain't none of us, DDG. So they make decisions for their own child. It's just that simple. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about? Yeah, we do ply dropped a a major lawsuit.


He's suing Mag Thee Stallion Gorilla, a bunch of people for a copyright infringement. So we gonna get into the details of that. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast Club.


The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift, the whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


This message comes from Greenlight. Ready to start talking to your kids about financial literacy. Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app that teaches kids and teens how to earn save. Spend wisely and invest with your guardrails in place. With Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Join millions of parents and kids building healthy financial habits together on Greenlight. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


Looking For excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere. Play on the train, play at the store, play at home play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba. Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the Chumba life at Chumba Casino dot com Vdw group. No purchase necessary. We're prohibited by law terms and conditions. 18 plus,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy Baby and Colors in contrast popping day of night with Glar Free Oles and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to a new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling. Utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience be very according to types of content and format.