
Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, good morning. Now, if you're just joining us, we have Nory on the line and Norie this morning. We're talking to people that are voting for Trump and we want know why. Oh, you talking to the wrong person And Oh, up NO. Yeah. Yeah. I'm black. Black, yo. Yeah, I'm black. Black. I don know I don Dunno if fuck, if you got me confused You. know what I'm saying? What's Yeah. I'm black. Black. What's up? No. I like my money though. I like my money, but I still, I like my people more Money can come from the other side too. Hold on. No, no, no, no. Norie. If you like your money, do You know? Since World War ii, the economy has done better under democratic presidents?


I don't know where the narrative came from that Republicans put more money in your pocket, but it's just not true. And, and And I didn't realize this till a few months ago. Yep. Yep. All right then. I believe you then. So, so, and what, what do you, what do you go out there and, and tell people today? 'cause You know we we're reaching out, some of the celebrities are calling up to making sure people go out there and vote. What do you say to the people today that are undecided, that still don't know which way they want to go? Norie? I just say, I just say Go, go go with your people, man. Like You. know what I'm saying? Like, like, like me, when I look at Kamala, I hope, I hope, I hope I pronounce her name right. You did You know. She reminds me You. know what I mean? She reminds me of a person in my family You. know what I mean? So, although a person in my family might not be perfect, but I still gonna go with a person in my family You.


know what I'm saying? So that's how I, I am my, my politics is very simple. It's, it don't got, I don't want You know, not gonna get a ill explanation outta me. You won't get straight simple. And what I heard my brother Fat Joe say yesterday, I, I, I, I almost a tear came in my eye because You know fact. Joe makes a lot of money. And I know his pockets is leaning towards being a Republican. Like You know, Charlamagne just said, or, or whatever. But You know the fact that That's not what I said, man. Disrespected. I know that I You know You know you alluded to You. know what I'm saying? But No, but, but what I'm saying is You know how Fat Joe delivered that speech that he stood with the black people, with the Jewish people, with the Latino people. And it, that just made all the sense to me to The World. So that's where I'm at with it. You know what I mean? And, I, I, I definitely vote whatever Fat Joe votes.


Okay. Now also, listen. Now also, I want y'all, What did you say? Go ahead. I was gonna say also, congratulations. We see that you're doing a Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg interview. That's gonna be pretty big. Ooh. At complex com. That's going to fire. Yeah. Pick up the complex call, pick up the Dr. Dre and Snoop. 'cause we've been, had this deal. We couldn't announce it, but adding on to that is November 16th in Las Vegas at eight o'clock in the morning. I'm getting with no sleep in the Running club, gin and Juice, monster Energy drink. And my got Mark Wahlberg missing clothing. And we're doing a three mile run in Las Vegas. So people to come and get healthy with us, You know people come and drink with me all the time, but I want people to come and do a three mile one with us.


We reached out to the city of Las Vegas so we could get permits, but even if we don't get permits, we're gonna do it just as You know what I mean? Just people and the people who run with us You know. They, they win a chance to go see, see Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg live being interviewed by Drink Champs. So You know, I wanted to You know announce that person. The Breakfast Club Envy. You said you wanted to run yesterday. You gonna go do that one? I I could do the three mile run. I'm not I the 26 mile I gotta work myself up to And Nori also. Lastly, congratulations on your new hair. I see you got that new Yo Listen, NVA answer my text. I grew my hair out, man. Can't even hat man. Tell him, Norie, that's your real hair. Tell 'em to stop playing with you. That's my Real hair. You know that's my Puerto Rican, my Puerto Ricans growing out You.


know what I'm saying? Yeah. My wife asked me to grow it out. And I said, You know what my wife gets with my wife wants You. know what I'm saying? That's right. That's it. Yeah. Listen, make sure, make sure y'all listen to the Drink Champs podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. And Nori, just to be clear on what I said, the economy grows more under democratic presidents Democratic, yeah. The economy does better under Democrats. That's a fact. More job creation. But you and the unemployment rate decreases under democratic presidents. And when you talk about recessions, there's been 11 US recessions between 1953 and 20 20 10 began under Republican presidents. But You know, I wasn't alluding to that when I said that. I was alluded to when you say don don't know where that rumor started.


And that's, that's what the majority of people think. The majority of the people think that under public Republican regime, they make more money because of the last time Trump was in office, a lot of people were ma making money. But that, that's what I was alluding to. Yeah, That's what, that's right. Yeah. All right. But, but my vote, my vote is for the black people. Guys, we ese. Hey, go see us November 16th, Dr. Dre Snoop on drink chest, and come run with us in the morning. Before that, thank you Preface club. I missed coming up there. I'm gonna come up there. One more thing. No, and get a haircut, Norie. One more thing, Piece By piece in theaters right now. Oh. Oh, I'm a Lego. I'm a Lego. Yes. How you miss that? That's right.


Did I hope you guys do You know I got a criminal record and now I'm a let go. Come on, bro. This Is, this Is, this is, this is, this is, this is, you couldn't write a better story You. know what I mean? And. I. I love it. I love the fact that Pharrell made me involved. I love the fact that Pharrell didn't even tell me what I was doing the whole time. I did not know what I was doing. And, I thought about it. If he would've told me I was a Lego, I would've tried to act like a Lego. So it was best that he didn't tell me I was gonna be in a Lego nouri. How does, how, how does a Lego act? Because they just be sitting there. So tell us how a Lego act, Let me tell you something. I would've figured it out. I would've figured it out. I would've watched all the Lego movies and tried to imitate them. But I'm glad that the, the movie is rated for everybody You. know what I'm saying? I broke my family.


I rented out a movie theater. I came to the premier, NAS called me about it. That was one of my greatest moments in life, man. Thank you Pharrell. And thank you me for being a part of his story. Alright, That's right. Salu. Nno Later. Nno. Alright, we're opening up the phone lines eight hundred five eighty five one oh five one. We're asking you going out today's election day. You're voting now we're asking, are you still undecided? Call us up. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now you just joining us, we're asking are you still undecided? Today is election day.


Hopefully people are going out there and voting. But it's election day and a lot of people are still undecided. And we got a lot of people on the line. Man, you just want attention if you're still undecided at this point, like how could you to be undecided the day of the election? Like you just gonna go in the booth and flip a coin. And we got Jason on the line. Jason, good morning. Good morning. Peace blesses and balance love to the whole family. Peace King. How you doing, brother? Now don't tell me you're still undecided black man. Yes. Hey, I am. And the reason is, it's not because I want attention. I'm an a, we get attention. It's more so because the two times I voted in my 45 years of life, the person that I voted for, one popular vote.


Yeah. Then when they election, those two people being Gore and Hillary Clinton. Mm, I understand. But you voted for President Obama, I'm sure, right? Of course not. Oh, you didn't vote for Obama? No. Oh, well, he won and he won't Popular vote. It's similar. It's similar. It's similar with Kamala. Kamala, And, I. I saw, I wasn't hearing anything about policies. Like You're not listening then my brother, we listen, here's the thing. I love you as a black man. I listen very hard, brother. I very hard. No, there's no way. I'm from the, I'm from the city where Martin Luther King gave his, I have a dream speech for the first time.


That don't Mean you missing it. North Carolina. Which Trump Which Trump visited last week. I was born in the Bronx, which Trump also visited. Trump is talking about removing fluoride from our drinking water. That is a very important thing. Okay? Like we, we, we, it, it, it, and, and And I. And if I could, I just wanna speak on one other thing while I'm able to get things off my chest. But those of y'all who claim that we shouldn't want reparations anymore because we can get whatever we need. It's like if, if you loan somebody $300, I know y'all got it.


But anyway, if you loan somebody $300 and they took, say, six years to pay you that 300 back, but they paid you back with interest, they gave you 900 back instead. Right? Are you going tell them? Nah. Or you going to take that $900? Well, listen, can I say something to you brother Trump isn't speaking about reparations at all, and the vice president is, lemme finish. The vice president is at least engaging in those conversations and has been for some years, since she ran the first time in 2020. So, I mean, if that's one of your issues, then you're being disingenuous. If you telling me that you leaning towards Trump on, on that. Well, well, Well, that's what it seems like. But I mean, he, he has to do his homework. And Kamala Harris's policies have been all over her, her website.


So she could definitely check check out's a the child hall that we play today. And that's, and that's all she's been discussing is her policies. Just listening from the outside. When you ask Po Kamala about her policies, she has a plan. When you talk to Trump about his policies, he doesn't have a plan. I'll let You know. Concept Of a plan. Let Me think about it. I got a concept. He Literally said, he literally said, I have a concept of a plan. And it's like, come on, come on, man. I got like that, that conversation on election day morning. You still ain't heard no policy. You ain't listening my brother. That's crazy. Respectfully. Hello. Who's this? Hi Theresa. Hey Theresa. Good morning. Now you're still undecided on election day. Yep. I'm still undecided.


I just think that it's just a big circus really. 'cause You know, I feel like a president comes in year after year. We're still in the same cycle with the same problems. Nothing ever gets fixed. I just think you just have to handle your own things yourself. Wait, handle, what do you mean? How do you handle it yourself? Meaning like, I think it's just best if you focus on yourself. Pick a skill, learn that skill really well. Make money. Build your own resources, network. And if you need to maybe get out or you need to get out and get out. But maybe don't, let's not rely on these people, is what I'm trying to say.


But what about voting? Yeah. 'cause I think you cannot rely on people. But even if you plan to go get a trade, get a skill, go out in the workforce, live your day to day life, there's still rules and regulations and regimes that you have to do that under. And the politicians matter because of that. Like, they're, they're putting all that into place. Local, federal, all that. True. True. I just don't, I don't know. I guess I don't like how it's gotten. So like you can't even have a discussion about either side without someone blowing up. I can understand that. Yeah, that's true. That Do you drink espresso martinis? Nope. Only wine on. Nah. But I agree with you. I You know, and this is what I've been saying for the last couple of weeks.


I mean, we should be able to have conversations whether you agree on one side or agree on another side without people blowing up, without gonna getting violent, without people be calling each other names. We should be able to have those conversations. Hopefully You'll still one there Though day voting today though, man tell To act like, to act like to act, to act like elections don't have consequences is ridiculous. When we've seen Roe v. Wade be overturned, and now because of that You know 41 states have some type of abortion bans in effect. Okay? 13 states have a total abortion ban. 28 states have abortion bans based on gestational duration. So you talk about doing things yourself, I can name one thing you probably don't want to do yourself, but there's probably some people who have to because they're in a state that have a total abortion ban. Ma'am.


Okay. Yeah, no, You about that. Teresa. Get out there and vote today. I will Have a good one. She seems so depressed. I will. I mean, I, I I I I'm telling you at this point, And I mean this respectfully to everybody. If you're saying things like, You know you don't believe this person has policy, You know or whatever, you're not paying attention. You're being willfully ignorant at this point. Willfully ignorant. And please don't call a pen. Say things like, You know elections don't have consequences. That's just not true. We're living it right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna talk to the undecided voters. It's election day. Have you not decided as of yet? Let's, let's, let's talk The.


Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we are just opening up the phone lines. Wanna talk to the Undecided Voter and see why they're not voting or why they haven't figured out who they are voting for. Alright. And we got a lot of people on the phone lines that are saying they're still undecided. We have Kelly. Kelly. Good morning. Good morning. Now you, you are an Undecided Voter still? Yes. Well, okay. So I know who I'm voting for in the presidential election, but I live in Jersey.


Okay. And don don't know who we're voting for in New Jersey. Isn't this Murphy's last year? Yes. Is this Yes it is. I don't think Murphy. Murphy not on the ballot this year. Murphy's not on the ballot. That's what, that's what she means is Murphy's Murphy's not running again. Oh, oh, oh, Okay. Okay. Yeah. So like, who are we voting for? Because everybody has been covering the presidential election and it's like, who? don don't even know who we voting for In Jersey? No, this senate. That senate races in New Jersey. Yeah. She said she knows, but she doesn't know who she's voting for. She hasn't seen any footage or, or no information on him. Oh, got You know. Got you, got you, got you, got you, got you. You know, Like, I'm, I'm voting Andy Kim for Democratic Congressman.


I I know that much. Okay. Yeah. I'm probably just gonna do all blue. don don't know. Alright, listen. I mean, you can't go with That. And also, I just wanna say, I think you guys really need to leave Lauren alone. Thank you. Sis gonna get there. She gonna get there. Like there I was She gonna, there I was Where you were a couple years ago. Oh, you mean just, and now I'm married. My body about the, she not talking about none of that As far as what? Having a bad wig as far As being single. Erase her head. And, I know You're not over here talking Mr. Anita 10. It's a lot going on. What you mean when you say get there? You talking about bad wigs being single? What you mean? I Mean, with these, I mean with these men. Okay, Got you, got you. Okay. Okay.


Dang. When the hairline fade, the love dude too. Charlotte, you need to relax. Woo. Go ahead sis. Go ahead sis her alone. Go off. SISs go off. I just want you to be specific Was I was there. I'm married, I got a kid. Hey, You know, so you gonna get there? Don't worry about it. The right men will come along. Those other dudes, they're, they're whacked. They're whacked. Thank you, baby. I appreciate it. My Goodness. You, you talking about you want consistency? We wanted that from your hairline, but we ain't get it. So, Woo. Hello. Who's this? Consistently? Yeah. All right. Hey, this Lance from Jacksonville. Lance, What's up brother? Are You. Still An. Undecided Voter, bro. Yeah, man. I'm undecided. I don't even know if I'm gonna really vote for real. Why? What's up? I all scripted.


The reason why I think it's scripted is because I was a part of one of the biggest presidential lenders in US history. So I was one of the young voters of 2002 that they was going after I was 18. It was when Gore was supposed to be Bush after Clinton Gore won the popular votes, Bush won the electoral, gore won Electorial and Florida turned the red state to a blue state. And then they lost the whole state of Florida votes. Like it was a, a, a set of car keys or remote control. Well, Well hold on. My brother You know that election was completely stolen. Like I I, we, we don't, we not even gonna sit here and play around with that one. The, the, the, the, the Supreme Court stopped the actual count of the votes.


And the the, the state that flipped was literally ran by George w Bush's brother Jed Bush at the time. I would bring it with you. That's, that's whole point Of why I think it scripted. Yeah. I'm from Florida, so I was here. Al Gore came to my school that rains high school. They was on this whole kiss, the black baby kiss, the black children run. So we had a pep rally for him. Like I was invested. I voted for boy. And like I said, you just said It was stolen, Huh? Wasn't scripted. It was stolen. I Mean, because I think they, I don't think they, they didn't expect Al go to win. That's why Al go won the popular vote. But I know the electoral vote is what wins the election. And when they stopped the count, elector, elector in, in, in Florida, like you said, they stopped, They stopped the count.


Florida Was gonna win. By the way, that's what I'm scared of this time. I, I, And I And I did a piece about this on the Daily Show a month ago. I I, I really, they gonna go outta their way to try to steal the election this year. That's why Trump keeps saying Democrats are gonna steal it 'cause he's projecting. Right. Well, true. They tried to, they tried to steal it last time. They, that that was what the attempted co in this country was. Sure Did. Well, we got a moral of the story, brother. I do, man. And I want the moral of the story to come from President Barack Obama. 'cause President Barack Obama said something a couple of weeks ago, and You know everybody kind of didn't pay any attention because of the comments he made about black men. But I want y'all to hear this part of what President Obama said in Pennsylvania, This is a big, complicated country and the problems are hard.


And they've been around a long time. And, and, and so sometimes the other excuse we feel is that we hear when we're talking to folks is, well, ain't gonna make no difference. Well, no, you're right that we're not eliminating poverty. We're not going to get rid of all problems with race. We're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country, whoever we elect president. That's not how things work. The question is, do we have somebody there who sees us, who cares about us, who will work on our behalf and can make things a little bit better? The reason why I love what President Obama said is because it's a level of empathy and understanding to what voters are feeling.


And it's true You know what I'm saying? Like a lot of people feel like politicians not gonna do anything for them. And what President Obama said is true. We're not gonna eliminate poverty. We're not gonna get rid of all problems with race. We're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country. But whoever you elect as President You know, you have to elect somebody that sees you, who cares about you, who will work on your, your behalf, and can make things a little bit better. That's what we're voting for. And that's, that's real. Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.