
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Jess, can you see us? Hello Jessica Robin Moore. Could you act like you? You're here with us. That's why you ain't gonna get none of this Soul tasty. Drop on a C bond for soul Tasty soul. TAs a soul food restaurant from Connecticut. They here setting up food. 'cause You know today is Big Mac born day. How much food they got? Dang, they got enough for everybody. Okay. Including Big Mac. First Of all, did you say that like trying to be shady to Big Mac because Big Mac is now medium. He's not right. Stop. He ain't medium though. Don't Do. Alright, well no you're right. He was extra large now Large. There you go. Don't do No, no, no, no. He triple extra Large. He was Triple X Now he might be xl. Xl. Yes, it's coming down though. Yeah. Said I lost a hundred and something. I said you must have weighed a thousand And something.


But You know he's depressed though. He's, he like, he, he doesn't like his new body. I know he, he hates his new body. He doesn't, I don't understand. He can hate that. Yeah, he doesn't love it. It Is good. It is good for What's, why you gonna play the biggest the largest when when we talk about Big Mac drop on A clues bond for big extra plug. Well I listen to that song a lot, You know me, me too. That is a big back anthem. Me too. Well I just, this is just a hype song. But anyway, let's get to just with the mess. Okay. So a great friend of ours, trader Trophy, opened up about a co a custody battle earlier this morning. A situation that he's currently dealing with. So for the backstory, Trey won primary custody of his daughter truth at the beginning of this year, which he spoke about during the interview that he was up here. He was just up here back in September and that he spoke on it. I got primary custody of my daughter, so I just introduced her to a therapist.


So You know how old, old your daughter still climbing? How oldest? Six. She's six. She's Six. A lot of us watched you in that like fight with your daughter, like trying to figure out the custody thing or whatever. How does it feel now to be able to, like you said, like you're doing things like putting her in therapy, working things out together. Like you don't have to fight anywhere, you can just be dad Now how does that feel? I'm not gonna necessarily say I don't have to fight no more, but what I will say is you find things that, that we be proud of, that we accomplished and outta all the big stuff I did in life, You know, in the happiest moment was the enroll her in school. Yeah. So you can hear that he says in the, in the clip that the fight not over. 'cause that's what he did.


He hopped on social media to let us know that his daughter was kidnapped by his mo by her mother. And they have not seen her in the last four months. Trey's supposed to have his daughter full-time by court order, but allowed troops', mother visitation rights. And he dropped her off to our mother Friday, August 16th. And she was only supposed to spend two days with her mother, but she never came back. And he had posted that during the custody battle his, the child's mother started like racking up all these fake charges saying that he, he was verbally, physically abusive and all of that type of stuff and that, You know, the child is in danger and all that type of stuff. But he did end up winning. But he did say the fight wasn't over. He's been city to city looking for his daughter and he even got a private investigator that he hired to help him find her.


But the private investigator came back and said that he saw a truth's mother and grandmother sneaking to change locations in the middle of the night. And Trey openly shamed anyone who has been helping her hide his child in a post. He said it's actually people assisting her mom to hide her defending her and making up reasons to excuse this, turning a blind eye and helping to harbor a child that was wrongfully taken is dead wrong. No excuse. And he believes that Tre's mother is mentally abusing her by convincing her that Trey is a bad dad and leading her to turn, leading her to turn against him. And he also said that truth, which is his baby's name, has not been in school during all this in the US Marshals are helping Trey look for her.


But he believes that they could be doing more than they actually doing. And he believes if he had been the one to kidnap his daughter, the search would have been a lot more aggressive than it is to find her while she with her mom. Yeah. Salute, salute to Trey. Trey's been dealing with this absolutely. For a long time. Yeah. He was scared to talk about it because he was scared he wouldn't be able to find his daughter. Even when he came up here, he was dealing with it. And I speak to Trey a lot about this and, and this breaks him like this. You know, Trey's a strong individual. He helps so many people out there. Yeah, he is. And, and this is the one thing that breaks him. This is the one thing that, You know, when, when I speak to my brother, he just doesn't seem, You know, he, he, he, it breaks, it brings him down and he says the only way that he gets over it is by helping other people. That's why he, he dedicates his his life really to making sure people are okay in storms and in bad situations.


So pray for and that's really pray for re's all He does. Yeah. That's really all he does. And he's asking if anyone sees her do, do not approach them. Don't go up to them, just, just contact him or investigators or CPS. So Absolutely. I feel bad now because he hit me yesterday. He was like, call, call me but I forgot to call him back, but I'm gonna call him today. Same yo hit you yesterday. I totally forgot. Yeah. Yeah. Love you Tre. So I'm hit him today. I know all love him too. And that is the just of domestic domestic's all we got time for. So. Alright, Jess, just that. Ah boy. All right. Well Charlamagne, who you giving that donkey to, man? Man. Four after the hour for anybody looking to buy crack off Craigslist, we gonna talk about it. Okay. First of all, we don't go from that to buying crack off Craigslist.


They got Crack on Craigslist. We gonna talk about it. Let's discuss before, after the hour. You About to see Not for me. I know couple. You look mad excited for no reason. Are you From Baltimore too? All right, we'll get into that Next. Hey, here's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


With millions of books on Amazon. There's a reading feeling for everyone. For example, Raquel's, whoa when she first entered the Kingdom by Dragon Back is different to Ari's. Whoa. When he found out there was more than one crime scene, which is also different to Ava's. Whoa. The moment when the Stable Boy became a stable man from whoa to whoa to whoa. Amazon books that reading, feeling awaits.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm Thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here Already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly and as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tiz the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay.


Game on because ES ESPN plus content is now available on Disney Plus for bundle subscribers. You can watch your favorites on Disney plus the boldest stories from Hulu and the greatest in sports from EPN plus together like never before. With ESPN plus, unwrap a full day of NBA action streaming December 25th. Then with Hulu, watch the terrifying sci-fi thriller. Alien Romulus now streaming and on Disney Plus. Follow a new adventure across the galaxy in Star Wars skeleton crew. Now streaming terms apply. Visit disney plus.com for details.