
Life is an act of custom reinvent that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The bold personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvent the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new imagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Travel. Travel Trap Nerds, real like you never hurt. Welcome, welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of The Trap. Nerds Podcast. We in this piece, man, we got an incredible episode for you guys today. Joining us later, two of the creators of The ILLuminati coming book series Coming out very, very soon, Denys Cowan and Axel Alonzo gonna be joining us. They're gonna be talking about the comic books. We're gonna be talking about Milestone Media. We're gonna be talking about Marvel, all types of stuff. So coming up later, stay tuned. But first great. How your week? Eh, I've been chilling work. I've been, so before I stopped, I still, I was, I'm still on the Star Wars, the Old Republic, but apparently the dude told, like when I You know I'm still streaming.


And when they basically said where I'm at right now, I'm damn near at the end of the main story. So now I'm just gonna be on the expanses. It's like, hell yeah. I'm just really waiting on sparkling zero to drop on PlayStation and just, I've seen a lot of people excited for sparkling Zero. Yeah, we go, we, we going back to the trenches. We, it is been a wing, have Xeno versus straight, but it, it went budha kai though. You. know what I mean? Budha kai is peak. That's peak drag box. I, Don Dunno know who they had over them. Fight mechanics and, and just all of, and the logistics nigga we're on point type shit.


That's why are they bringing back the mash mechanic? Oh, where you You know people give themselves early arthritis. Hey, if I die, die, my dude, they had the same thing on N Storm, nato, n Storm two, I think it was the mash mechanic. I hated it so much. Hated it so much. Any game that do that crazy. But take, take back to your Mario party game. Now I gotta get that new Mario party too, because that bitch online with like 30, it's like 20 or 30 people. I saw this shit And I like, man, turns are gonna take so long. Boy, you be fucking 20 minutes for your turn. It's worth it to sit there. Trash talking, my friends worth it.


Bru have a, because the shit I didn't realize with Switch, because You know the voice chat on this suck. You gotta do it off your phone. The actual one, which never to me, nah, it is like a app where you can just use a voice chat is like, you gotta send a link to everybody that got the app when, when you could just use Discord like a normal fucking person. So it's like nigga running that on Discord. Oh that'd be nice. But I'm waiting on that And. I really just been chilling, leaning up and work. I got all the parts from my truck, I just gotta get them put in. Hell yeah. That's about it buddy. About Tony. Well I started a new series this week.


Black Sales. Wait a minute, you just now started Black Sales. I'm just now starting black sales. Yep. Never seen it. It's lit is now. I got so mess. It's gonna be's gonna be like I got so that, that's some pirate shit. Yep. Yeah. Oh damn. I called it, it sounded like Pirate Stars got all, you got all those pirates that You know names from in there. All of them. His, all the historical starting, starting with MRT Blackberry itself. You got all of 'em in there, bro. Okay. What a song. Netflix. It was, yeah, it was from Stars though. But it's on Netflix now. Yeah. Seen, I seen it when they first came out on Stars years ago. Oh, so this shit been out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's nice. What is it? Only four Seasons.


Yep. So they have, okay. Yeah, so they do have all the seasons and it wraps up in a nice bow. Tony, you don't have to worry about no Cliff. Oh God, thank you. Right wrap. So good. Because I kind of recalled hearing it got canceled, so I'm glad that it actually, no, they wrapped it up. Nice. Okay, good. And let's see what else I started. What's something else I started this week. Oh. From, I started from How far did you get? We're on the, we finished the second episode. Okay. So they are, they were in the RV You know. And they got out, they had to put the tablet inside the crash RV and stuff. It was good, bro. That was good. Yeah, it it is, it is really good. Like I kind of knew it would be, but I, I was surprised.


How hard of a time would you have accepting that you couldn't leave Tony? Oh dude. I don't dunno man. I don't like just getting stuck in that roundabout for like, yeah, I probably about three times You know, I, I'd go around three times. Like, I'd be like, okay, well I don't know. Something's happening. Something's wrong. Yep. Oh yeah. It's, it's really good, man. I'm, I'm glad I started it. I need to get back into Vikings, but I, I made the mistake of starting that with someone so I have to wait for them. Yep. That's what happens. E so much stuff. Eli, how's your week? Start finish season one of Old man, the old man on fx. FX have some heat, bro. They show.


Yeah, they got some heat. Jeff Bridges. I was thinking start that Jeff Bridges, I still don't understand what he be saying, but man, that show is so good. I swear Jeff Bridges be drunk permanently, bro. But that show is so good, bro. It's about a ex operative who's over in Afghanistan. So it, it got like real history in there about Afghanistan and how we sent money and guns and stuff to Afghanistan so they can fight the Russia back in the day. And then we, we, we started messing with Afghanistan and made the same mistake of Russia did. It's all, it's all it's all the same stuff, but yeah, it's by him years later. Years later. And tell the story like what happened back then, why he's back in America. And then they start, they try to capture him or kill him because the dude in Afghanistan wants him and You know you start to find out why and all that stuff and all the history behind it.


His wife and all that stuff. It's really, it's really good man. Season two, episode two. Now I started where you watch that. You go watch it on, you can watch it on Hulu. Yeah, just, just type it in the old man. It'll come up. I started Twilight of the Guys, Zach Snyder's new project on Netflix. It's an animated show. Viking stuff. Viking folk folklore. It's all mythical. It's really, it's the first episode. Really Good man. You'll see some meat though. It's like the Blue Samurai. They, they don't care about nudity. They have ee out and everything. Tata Equality. Not the ee they got, they got everything out, man. So shout out to the nudity of Blue Eye Samurai. It really kept my attention from dialogue.


Crazy. But yeah, so far I'm just getting into it. So I dunno what's happening yet. Agatha alone, I'm, from what I've seen so far, I'm fucking with it. Yeah. These what, four episodes as been so far? Three episodes? It's three. Yeah, three. I saw three because they, they dropped two at the same time. Oh. Oh, okay. Three episodes so far. It's, it's good so far. I can't believe it. Disney Plus actually did something that's actually actually entertaining to me. I didn't expect with low expectations, but it's, yeah, it's there actually it's so, I'm, I'm pleasantly surprised, but I'm gonna wait. I'm waiting a little longer to make sure I don't get bored or nothing because You know this. Plus this was Star War Fall. Yeah, it'll fall off.


It'll fall. It'll fall off. So I gotta, I gotta wait. I gotta wait because the only Star Wars show that I seen that it ain't fall off on this was a Soer. That's it. Yeah. That was the only one that was, that was the only one that was mildly entertaining. What about the Mandalorian? Not it got, it got a, oh, I, yeah. Not my, you you heard that thought the Nope. But man lawyer is not really my thing. I finish and dark because Oh yeah. Talking to D Drake. What I tell you bro. Nice. What did you think about it? It was nice. I can't even be mad I diplomatic shit going on. It's actually, actually because all it was dark, it was kind of dark.


Okay. You could tell whoever was behind that is a politics nerd. You tell Yeah, they either, they and they read the books because a lot of the, they kept, they actually did keep shit kind of accurate. I was like, okay, aren't smart. Y'all got some smart writers there. You just gotta give 'em niggas a chance. I love you George Lucas. But it wasn't third grade dialogue like George Lucas like doing. It was actually good, interesting dialogue. That's, that's what I say. They was using, they was using the book, like the book dialogue type shit. Nigga started you shit, your hard mouth. There's nothing wrong with George Lucas' dialogue. Yes it man, come on man. Just be honest. That's why he walked away from the bullshit, because y'all talking shit. All y'all knew. I love the word he built, but that dialogue, he, oh my God.


I mean the dialogue now makes me just kind of be like, I miss him a little bit. But like, I overboard every time I hear, I hate saying, I'm like, nah George, come on. You should thought about that nigga thought about everywhere. You should have thought about that joy. Come on man. When I see Jaw, I'm like, joy, come on man. What was you thinking? Man? Come on man. I can't, can't not do good. Because the dialogue too. That's why. No, that's and good. And or, and, and Nice. I'm talking about Star Wars in general. Nah, it's no that it, it, it was simple. It's fucked. Which simple is good.


He pocket Andor dialogue is good. It's actually interesting. It's, you, it's, it's challenging. All the other stuff. It's trash. It's, it's they to, it's like when you try to be smarter than George Lucas, but you try to, you overshoot it. Yeah. And, I dumb. That's what's, that's, that's where act like dialogue. That's, that's, that's some of the worst dialogue I ever seen in my life, man. I'm just being honest. Nobody can, it just don't work at times because he, he made it so simple. When you try to over overexplain simple shit, it just don't work. Randall Space, tension You know how they got the Live Star.


I mean there's only live action, but Yeah. Yeah. I think they need to do one with Oh show. No, like a live movie. A movie. Yeah, just a movie. Yeah. You know a story is different. I Don dunno if it'll fit. Why, who asked who, who is the audience for this? Because the reason why, the reason why Short Reason Short was the shit. But it works because they lost the space. Like, like that's if you just gonna have a movie Lost the Space. I, I'm not interested in it. But that's what made the show interesting. But no, but Captain Kirk and them wasn't lost in Space, so it made more sense. It was more political and all that stuff. But is more Showan.


If You know, if you understand Adam You know what I'm talking about, like a show show That's like a show. That's what is Make It Happen. If they go more in depth. Alright. How's your, what did I do? Oh, I I great comedy shows. Shout out to everybody who showed Stand Up. Great show and shout to everybody who showed up to Big Laugh Club closed the show out. I think it was a sold out crowd had had a really good time. It was my first time performing at Footwork, so shout out to everybody. They came through. I still been on baking Bad. Loving It, man.


I just got the scene where Gustavo goes to Mexico and just kills the, my boss that killed his homeboy. Like back in the day, he there yelling at him. He's like, Emilio dead. You have no one to protect anymore. Leave and take everything with you. If not fight me. And I was? Yes, bitch. I did. I mean, did you see Rebel Rib? Never heard of it. Y'all ain't looked at it. Rebel Rib. Wait, is there like some cowboy shit or something? Netflix? No, Netflix. That movie That, that was all, it's real. It's a good movie. Kind of in the kind of anti Oh, the one with the dude, with the one with the light skinned black dude who they might trying to say might play find the police and shit.


Yep. Yeah. Yep. It So is it worth it? Yep, it's worth it. Okay. Worth Cole. It's worth Rebel Ridge Netflix. I did see it. I, because I kept seeing previews for this shit. It's a night seven, seven and a half drink good entertainment. Rewatch good. I gotta check it out. Did you, did you watch the last most recent episode of Ghost? The one that just came out? No, I ain't watched it yet. Oh, you gotta watch. I've been watching the old man still. I like a good nigga gets his revenge. Young racist white people. Yep. In the country. Yep. That's what it's, it started with Walk, remember Walking Tall type shit. One of my favorite Rock. When, when he got the two by four.


When he was, when he was actually trying to prove something in the business. When he was trying to be an actor. For real. Okay. Because you be, I'm glad you because that's one of my favorite rock movies. You be hating. No, I say no, I never said anything about, about Rock. He's the same. No, I, that's what he was actually trying to be. He was the still the same nigga He was, he was trying to be different people That And I was about Say and the Rundown. Oh, them were my two and Faster, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not a big fan of The Rundown, but I like walking. I'm trying to think. He had one Mo Faster, not Faster. I liked Faster, but it was one mo he randomly did. But The Scorpion Key, hell no.


Kiss my ass. I like the Scorpion king. No, don't get me wrong. I can watch the Scorpion King now and laugh my way through that shit. And it's just a good, it's a good childish time. Okay. I like Edge Tomorrow and nobody likes that movie. So it'd be, it's on Netflix right now? Yes. Are Okay. I don't have no Is that the Tom Cruise movie? Yeah. Yeah. I don't have no problem with Edge tomorrow. It's not bad. I've heard a lot of, lot of, well, a lot of critics hated that movie. It's like, was that the, was that the one he had redo everything? Yeah, he die. And I had no problem with I like, it's like, I actually was entertained by that movie. Movie. It's like one of the Tom Cruise media movies. I like, I liked that movie. It's on Netflix right now.


It's, that's, you see, it's, it's one of his media. Oh, I did try to watch Jack Reacher, the Tom Cruise one Instagram. Yeah. It's, I I get, it's kind of hard to watch after watching the Netflix. The, the, after you see a Real Jack Richer, then you look at like, come on man. That's not, that's not the same. It's not the same. Not the same. Don't have the same prisons at all that Oh boy. Who, who played Do Haw? I mean Hawk Off, off. Oh yeah, he, he, Jack, they said what's his name was supposed to play, but they couldn't get him. Then they got Tom Cruise. I forget who the dude they said it was was almost a perfect match. Emsworth What's Emsworth or Chris?


Liam Thor. Oh, oh, Chris. Yeah. And I. Think they said they wanted to get him for a new movie to play. Jack Reacher. I like his Netflix movie Better. I'm glad he chose, chose Netflix talking about the Yeah, that when he was ion extraction. I, I got, I'm going back and watch that tonight. That movie was cold, bro. Didn't we give that a Yeah, we gave that a good review. I remember getting a good read. Yep. But that's all for my week. You know, just tv watching all. Let's bring our people into the interview then. Alright, we gotta go to a quick break, but when we come back, we're gonna be talking ILLuminati with Axel Alonzo and Denys Cower. After this


State Farm insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


Oh, it's such a clutch off season pickup, Dave. I know, right? I was worried we'd bring back the same team. Oh no, I meant those blackout motorized shades. MVP of the room. W.com made it crazy affordable to replace our rolled blinds. Hard To install. No, It was easy. Even you could do it. Nice. I installed these and then got some from my mom too. You Fly across the country to do the install. Nope. blinds.com can do it all. All she had to do was pick what she wanted. She talked to a design consultant for free and scheduled a professional measure and install. Look at you. A Hall of Fame son. Oh, I just picked the winning team. They're the number one online retailer of custom window coverings in The. World ho ho Blind.com is the goat, the Goat Shop blind.com right now and get up to 40% off select styles and a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Save up to 40 percent@blind.com. blinds.com rules and restrictions may apply.


And we are back. Today we got our special guesses in building. We're talking to two legends in comics, legislator, artist and mouse song co-founder Denys Cowan and former Marvel editor in Chief, Axel Alonso, who is founder and chief creator officer of a WA studio. They've teamed Double with Charlamagne the Guy and created The ILLuminati, not not The ILLuminati. The comic book ILLuminati a brand new story where hip hop and comics collide. The ILLuminati is a 128 page supernatural theater. Available now on Kickstarter Set in the LA music scene. the story delves deep into the price of fame and one of the most enduring urban legends of our time.


the Black Illuminati Charlamagne and a WA have attracted some of the greatest and most influential black talents together to create their original story. Koval Art and hip Hop homage art. The team includes acclaim, writer and filmmaker. Brian Edward Hill Ink Pot Award-winning artist and producer, Denys Cowan and Eisner Hall of Fame artist Bill Seitz With cover art by Eisner and Ringo Award-winning artists, Sanford Green. On top of this unique variant coverage were created to honor five of the greatest and most influential hip Hop albums. Personally selected and curated by Charlamagne himself and celebrating the groundbreaking album Art of Each Record. The ILLuminati Kickstarter campaign runs through Tuesday, October 22nd.


Found out more on Kickstarter. The link is in the show notes. Check 'em out guys, let's get to the interview. Axel and Denys. How you guys doing? Everybody doing great. Good, good, good. I especially Denys, we just said this before the story, before it started. You're legend, milestone Media. And then Stop, stop dick riding nigga. Stop dick riding. So basically just want, just ask like, how was the process with the comic book and the creation and everything, and what y'all looking forward to seeing as it's been released and everything. I'm The chief creative officer of the, of the, the publisher AW Studios.


And we were talking with Charlemagne tha God, who is interested in promoting and supporting black creators in the comic book space. He's a big fan of comic books and he wanted to get behind and promote worthy projects. And I said, I've got a pitch in from Brian Edward, Brian Edward Hill called ILLuminati, which is amazing. It's dealing with the most kind of enduring urban legends of our day. the Black Illuminati. You wanna read it? He said for sure he read it. He loved the pitch. He was in automatically wants to get behind the project. I called up Denys. I said, I've got this amazing project. I'd love you to get on board. What do you think? He, he read the pitch and loved it as well. So I had my creative team at that point. And then Denys brought in Bill his longtime collaborator and anchor to come in as our anchor.


So we had our team. Brian is a writer. Denys is a Penciller, and Bill is the anchor. It's an amazing story. It's about a, a young woman who travels to Los Angeles after the, the mysterious death of her sister, who's a rising hip Hop star. She does the, the, the woman does not believe her. Her sister died from suicide. So she looks into what happened and she uncovers a, a really, really, really corrupt deep conspiracy buried in, in, in Hollywood. So it is like a Hollywood mystery, murder mystery kind of thing going Yeah, it's pulled from the headlines. You know, again, we, we announced a project the Diddy was arrested, which is kind of ous Real. That's great timing That do that.


That does not prove the existence of ILLuminati at all. I'm that they're coincidences that happened. So we just accept those things. Yeah. Axel Axel called me my axel's my former boss at Marvel. So when he was running Marvel, I used to do stuff for him. Whenever he'd ask, of course Axel Axel's my guy. When he called and, and pitched me this thing, he didn't even, he started telling me, oh yeah, it's a project from, from Brian Edward Hill and we really want you to do it. And at the time he said, it's called Black Illuminati. And I said, I'm in, I think, I don't think, I think I hesitated because it was one of those things where I heard the title and I'm like, I dunno what this is or whatever.


It's, I, I I just need to be involved. I just need be involved. It sounds provocative. It did. You know he had me from Hello. So after I actually read, read the Thing, I really actually did commit to, to doing it And I called Bill And. I thought it would be a, a great project. You know Axel wanted Bill from the beginning. And we always, we always loved working with Bill. He's one of my best friends and a great collaborator with me. So when I called him, all I said to him was, Hey, Black, Illuminati, And, I. So that's really how it happened. Was that easy?


Speaking about the art style? Yes sir. Where did the information, where did the inspiration for the art style come from? Where did y'all get that from? Well, it's my style You know style. Yeah, I was gonna say it's like his style, right? Yeah. It's just how I, it's just how I draw. I try to adjust my style to whatever subject matters at hand. You know storytelling's a little different. The subject matter is different. This is dealing with the supernatural and horror and You know LA at night. So Yeah. The the noir, Yeah. You just adjust your art a little bit for that. But my style is, my style wasn't like, I changed it radically for this. Yeah. This is not a superhero book. This is a, this is a, a mystery, a supernatural mystery thriller. You know.


So there are no big muscles in it. There's no no, no people flying around. Nothing like You Know. It's really, it is like real grounded and gritty. Yeah. Yes. Really, really grounded in reality. As much ILLuminati. So, because I'm just looking at a couple like Jesus. So both of y'all, Denys, you've been, you have your affiliation with DC company, Axel, you have affiliations with Marvel. But I gotta ask y'all, which ones y'all favorite? Marvel or dc? Oh God. You asking? Pick a favorite child? You asking what? Pick a favorite? Yes. I gotta go with Marvel because got Black Panther, And I, I have to go with DC because You know they publish milestones, so, Okay, that's fair.


Money up. Nope. I gotta ask, what work did you do for Marvel before you started on doing ILLuminati? I was consider in chief, I was editor in chief. I, I had Stanley Lee's job. Oh, okay. One of the things I, I was there, one of the things I wanted do is I wanted to diversify the creators and the, and the audience. My thing is, I wasn't about the fanboy that existed. I wanted to go to the larger audience. So it was all about trying to diversify the creators and the characters. I got behind characters of Black Panther back in 2000 when no, no one gave a shit about him in publishing. You know. That's right. Our friend did a semi friend, he ordered for six years for me. Yes. And I did the hip Hop at Marvel. Yeah, You know the hip Hop where we did to all the hip Hop cover album covers. I I did the Liquid Swords cover Liquid Swords.


Yeah. I redid the Liquid Swords cover for, okay. Hey Denys, I didn't tell you this. I was, I was in Koreatown in Queens. I swear to God I saw a 70-year-old Korean man wearing a bootleg Liquid Swords Marvel variant of your cover. No, I swear to God. Iron Man What? Boot bootleg. Bootleg of yours. Of your, that's, That's when You know you made it when your stuff gets wasn't Even sick. That is so next level Bootleg. That is greatness. You really are a legend now. Now you're getting bootleg stuff. I, I I need to have that shirt. I Got, I got, I got another question for Denys that I always wonder how long, because I know it's gotta take a long time.


How long does drawing all this stuff take? How long does it take you for you to finish like a whole comic with drawing? That must be a long time For a whole book. A whole book. How long does that take? Well, Usually about, usually about three weeks to a month. Oh my god. Usually about three weeks to a month. You know. You Know. That's a lot shorter than what I expected. Yeah. It's one week of laying it out. Like I do small thumbnails of all 20 pages or 22 pages or whatever. It's, I give it to my assistant who helps me with the backgrounds and, and all that stuff trying to decipher what I want. I give him reference. He gives it back to me. Now I have to start drawing. So it'll take me about two and a half weeks. It'll take him about a week to do his thing. Be about two weeks.


Understand You'll took it to a pro there. Blue collar You know, not everyone's got that attitude. Not everyone put their head down and get the job done. Lot people. Right. What it's is how that's how we were taught You know. Yeah. It's like you got a certain amount of time, you allocate your time, you get it done, gotta Get it. There are no excuses. There's no nothing. Just hand the thing in when you say you're, yeah. And then you keep going and, and try to cause your publisher as little hassle as possible. Editor's Best friend there. Editor's best friend. Is that Attitude. You know. So this, I got a outside question about another milestone question for you because right now DC is having this huge like takeover, like this huge redo what they're doing with a lot of stuff with the, with the DCU and everything.


I always wanted to see some more milestone characters in, in the, in the cinema universe. Especially Icon, especially Static Shot Shot. What's your thoughts on, do you, would you wanna see a lot more of your character? Of course you would, but like what's your thoughts on them? Like, do you think that'll maybe happen in the future or is that something that you are ready to see with, with the characters? Well, we have to see what happens. I mean, for me, an icon or rocket movie would be everything. I've said this, they have such good chemistry. Yeah. It's Superman and Robin. Yes. You know. It's like just, it'd be such, such a perfect movie.


Reggie has a great take on it and You know hopefully what one day, one day someone will do it. I think static would be a great live action thing. There was You know we had a script done, there was all kinds of stuff and then there was a big change of Warner Brothers. So that just threw everything up in the air. Then the constant, and then the focus of Warner was on, at Warner Brothers was on like their iconic superheroes. Batman, Superman, wonder Woman, all that kind of stuff. So, which Yeah, It's fine. You know. It's what it's, but the milestone characters more of an opportunity to shine You know. Yes. And like it's a gold mine that's just waiting to happen.


It's already happened with static shock in the 2000 was back today would be even bigger. I remember the good old static shock days. It time, it was a simpler time. That's right. And you Would think the executives that one would've paid attention to Black Panther and the sequel. Well, You know it survived as You know. No man as You know, any black successors looked on as an effing unicorn never to be seen. You know, we saw Unicorn in the chorus and we ain't never gonna see it again. And then they do another one. There was another unicorn in the forest. You Know, I'm, you would think they have common sense Axel, but it's DC We're talking about they cinema young just can't trust It.


It's, it's, it's, it's the whole thing. You know, it's, it's the business that we're in right now. So Yeah, because I I like that man. I like Superman, but I, I'm kind of tired because they keep just re recycling the Yeah. Reinventing it. I know, I Know. And DC has so much potential. I mean they have so many, Just like the Panther Persons success person who breaks outta that pattern and does something like that. So whoever does Icon and Rock or whoever does that static thing is gonna be huge. Yes. And that's gonna be why You know, because we, it You know it's needed and just like Black Panther and just like everything else like that, it'll be a phenomenon. They just have to get off the, and You know, invest a little bit of money.


They wanna invest in it. Just let it happen. Yeah. I oh yeah, no, I'm glad you said that because I really wanna see milestones some more. And then Rocket And I would be something right. Put out there. It'll just be amazing. And then people have, so another black, because everybody, because everybody's like black, Superman, like no Icon, icon, icon. We have, we have the people right here And other Superman. Dude. No, no. Yes. White. We we of the multiverse. We don't need this anymore. Yes. Nobody gets it anymore. I got another question for Axel and Denys.


Y'all are, y'all are in the comic business, the art business and stuff like that. Do y'all, going back to y'all childhood, do y'all remember what got y'all first got y'all interested in comics and art and things like that? Denys, you go first. What, what got you interested in those things? What got me interested in comics was I was in third grade, And. I had never seen a comic book before. And the guy I was sitting next to was a guy named Derek Dingle, who ended up founding Milestone with me because I was Denys and C he was Derek Dingle d They sat us next to one another Alphabet like they used to do. So I'm sitting there minding my own business and Derek pulls out a copy of, I think it was Fantastic four, featuring the Black Panther of the, the first appearance of the Black Panther.


He pulled that out. He pulled out two, two more comics. The new Gods two, two copies of the new Gods comics. New Gods are my favorite as a kid. Yeah. I lost my mind. It was 1971, right? 70, 71. I lost my mind. I had never seen anything. Like, I had never seen a comic book. And I had never seen anything like the pictures inside. I thought that I was doing something because I would watch a Superman TV show on, on, on, on tv. The black and white one with George Reeds. Oh Yeah. All My own Superman comics. But I didn't know I was doing comics. So I would just do the show. And I would draw a little box next to another little box. And I put Superman inside doing different things in, in sequential order. I had no idea what I was doing. And Derek shows me this and I'm like, oh, there you go.


I'm making comics then. Yes, I'm already doing this. And that's how I got in. That's how I started. That's how I started drawing, man. Great. Pretty much the same thing when I was a little boy. My grandma would pick, pick me up after school and so she'd pick, she would walk me home and in order to keep me calm, she would bend me comic books. So I would, I I bought Black Panther, Luke Cage, Shang Chi, Sergeant Rock and u And I loved these Books. Blew me away. And I. Like Denys. I would sit down and draw comic books myself only I had no talent, so I didn't go that route. I loved it. I loved it. Are we gonna see some more? Are we gonna see Luke Cage coming back? You think? Because I'm mad it's gone. I wore it back.


Talking about the show. Yeah, the TV show. Oh my God. I like that show. Yeah, we, we said every week it was underrated. I liked that show too. Netflix did a pretty good job with they Marvel shows. I, I'm not gonna lie, they did a good job. They didn't, they didn't mess up. Yeah. Only thing I was also one of my favorite one. I didn't like iron that much, but I liked No, we didn't, we didn't either. Nobody like, nobody like Iron Piss. Yeah. He did a, he did a much better job in the Defenders though. He did redeem himself a little bit in a defender. I didn't see that. I didn't catch that Defenders. It's worth, it's a lot of fun. Yes, it's, it's, it was, it was nice.


It was enjoyable. But they You know Netflix got rid of all the Marvel shows now. So it's sad. It's On Disney plus. Disney Plus is where they're now. Yes. Daredevil's coming back early next year. I think that's when it's premier. So I thought it was Christmas. It might be, it might be Christmas. Probably pushed it back Research. So I got a, I had a question for Axel. I know you started as a journalist, right? What? Yeah. What, What? That's not a real person. That's like a cartoon person, right? Yes. Oh yeah. So what pushed you to pivot to like comic Books? Yeah. Well I, I saw an ad in the Times when I was a journalist that DC comic books were hiring.


So I thought, what the heck? I'll just send in my resume and see what happens. I get a call for an interview, I go in and the editor interviewed me. The late Lu said, I wanted to meet you for a while. And I said what? And he said, you wrote an article for the Daily News? I read, I loved it. I wrote an article about the use of the cannabis leaf and hip Hop and pop culture. And I interviewed a lot of people. You have more attention, A lot of people. I gotcha. Yeah. And two of the people I interviewed were the head of the D for law enforcement law. And the other one was editor in chief of High Temp Magazine. And they both were really extreme. They both seemed kind of silly. What happened was that Lou said that motherfucker who? He stole my girlfriend. So this is personal. Yeah. He said, you you're hired.


You're hired. I said, I'm ah, so I got, I got hired because I wrote an article and which I made a guy look bad. Who stole the edges? Boy girlfriend. Oh wow. Wow. That's awesome. Yeah. And then I stayed at Vertigo. I was at Vertigo for a few years. Yep. Had some success. And the Marvel came to me in 2000 and offered me a job. And I said, I don't wanna work at Marvel, I don't like superheroes. And they said, we want you more now. Yeah, Okay. Attitude was, I like the characters as genres. Right. And, I, thought You know Hulk is about anger. Manage be the monster. Thors a fantasy book. Captain America is about politics and the American flag. I mean, black Captain America, 2000 almost got me killed. You know was not ready for that idea.


Bradley, were not ready for that. Nope. Bob Morales And I got fucking death threats for that shit. You know Serious People were not ready for that. Oh, miles Morales, they were not ready. You know, so Oh yeah. Miles Morales. I know now because Miles Morales is another one of my favorite new Marvel heroes. I I so much Backlash. Oh, the backlash was insane. Insane, Insane backlash. I know people more than Peter Parker You know. Yeah. On a personal level. I love him more than Peter Parker because of all the stuff he do. And he's more powerful to me. Miles Morales and, and, and that whole thing, to me, that was all inspired by Static. For real. It really was. And yeah, They got the same vibe and everything.


Static Walk so Miles Could Run. It Was brilliant. And, and and we loved it. And then they did the movies and it was even, even more brilliant. And we loved it. But the thing was, nobody at Milestone, I said, I've said this to Axel, nobody at Milestone, we couldn't get mad. Like You know And I couldn't get mad at, at Miles Morale The spectacular Spiderman being so much like static because Static was inspired by Spiderman. Spider Spider. We basically said, gee, what if, what if like the whole high school getting bitten by a spider, being a nerd, not being accepted, being like a science geek and all that stuff. All that stuff came from Spiderman. Oh. Oh man. I actually never Realized that. Parallel. Yeah. We made it a black character and gave it You.


know that kind of flavor informed by our experiences. You know And I didn't Know that at all. It's crazy because Miles used Lightning. It was like, was like, it was kind of everything flipped in on itself when, when when Spectacular Spider-Man came out because it was like, well we can't say anything because it was, It's like, damn, we got them and then they got their lick back. That's crazy. They had to get their back and they did You know. But Static is still a great character. The ultimate movie would be a team up with those two. Oh that be Epics like, Like if they ever do one of them like random like DC Marvel crossover comic series again.


That's probably that be Hot too. They gotta meet each other and at least do the what it was on Predator. The son of a bitch slap. So one, well we got one more question. I got one more after this one. Okay, you got one more, but we back to ILLuminati and y'all relationship with Charlamagne. How did y'all relationship with Charlamagne start and You know how, how did y'all come together on this project? We reached out to Charlamagne a few years ago and realized he had an interest in getting into publishing and we understood part of his, his his mandate, his personal mandate. He wanted to get behind black creators in a big way. And he loves comic books. So we said, look, let's work together, let's work together.


We wanna work with you to do this. It's a priority for us. It's a priority for you. We're like, mines let's, let's work together. And then when we gotta to formally talking with him alone, that's when I realized I had to pitch from Brian And. I thought Black Illuminati. He might like this You know he did. Easy as that. He's being a dream to work with. Yeah. He's really, he's just enough involvement to keep it real You know and and to make sure that it's on point. But he's not a, he's not an intrusive and he's not, he's not a control freak. Yeah. I gotta attest to that. Working with, working with him. We've been with him what, four years? Almost five years. And we making it, making it. So it's been amazing. So yeah, we also attest to that. You should, you should put a word in his ear that we too are also writers.


You know. So we have some ideas. You know He wrote that. He wrote and we, we read it. And I. Remember when I, when I read it, I remember thinking at the time, wow, some of this stuff seems a little farfetched, but this is a comic book so You know we can, and then come to find out, no, none of it was farfetched. Not one thing. We Is 2024. One Thing. Now one thing I drew was farfetched compared to everything that's come out now about When last time you've been to Florida. I don't even remember.


Think about it. Go back. I got Exactly. Go now. You'll see some things and hear some stuff man. No, I, I usually end with these questions. These are my rapid five questions. Okay. Chris And, I have comic book folks on here? Alright, first, chocolate or vanilla? Hey, start off basic. That's very basic. Chocolate or vanilla? I'm popular but I like vanilla ice cream more than chocolate. But I do like vanilla ice cream. More than chocolate. My people are like chocolate. No, I the more coffee vanilla. Alright. Batman, Superman. Batman. Batman.


Oh, here we go. You bad. I Don don't it Eli. Eli is our resident. Batman Hater. He hates Batman. Yeah, but I obviously I love Batman's. We got the win we getting. It's a good day. What thoughts on Free Willy? Oh God, shit. Oh, like what question? I wanna hear their thoughts. Ask another question. I think, I think Free Willy is one of the best movies of all time. What are y'all thoughts on Free Will Did not just bring that up in interview. Yes I did. Yes I did. What is Seen Free? I haven't seen it. Yeah. Swear to God. I see he's in that too, right? Who? Isn't he in that too?


He's yes, he's in It. Yeah. So it's two Extreme. You remember the song Michael Jackson made the song about Forgot which, how old are you? Me? Yeah. 54. 55. 55. The movie. Not it makes sense. It makes sense. Movie not that popular. Yeah, I'm an old man. I'm an old man man. It's a nineties kid thing. I understand. I He lost about 40 You know. Good Up man. They tell I ain't 48 man. You know rap fire questions. What? One last question before. So for wrap, please don't let it be stupid. One last question. If you could write or make any movie, comic book, comic book movie that you could think of, any comic, book, movie, past, present, future, whatever you wanna do, what would you write or make?


Axel? We're talking about existing characters. Existing characters. Punisher for sure. Punisher. Okay. Nice. I would do, I would do Icon. Okay. Yes, I would do Icon And. I. Yes. Alright. That just needs to be in the atmosphere. We need to mention that more because I would love to see Yes. But honestly I'd rather create something new myself. Right? Yeah. I like creating stuff that's new. You know It's time for some new shit instead of just, yes. You know I'm tired of the classic reboots. I'm tired of the Star Wars. Put a woman in it and make we, we could deal with some new shit and it's probably gonna boom off the sofa.


We just tired of everything getting rebooted right now. We got this book called ILLuminati. You should check that out. Yeah, Right. ILLuminati. I can't wait. I can't wait for it. Come in. Definitely gonna definitely. This Is built to last. This is built to last too. The story is complete, but there's threads for more stories to be told. It's franchise. And shout out to breaking the goal. Doubling the goal. Y'all had a 10 K goal and y'all at 20 k. Yeah. Yes. In Let's go. Go on making it So usually so people are supporting. So make sure y'all go to Kickstarter. Look up The ILLuminati and go You know. Pick it out. Yes, buy the book.


That's the project Campaign. Provocative. Hey everyone, please get out there like it's like Dre said, buy a book. Support the project. The campaign ends October. October 22nd. And also you can see these guys at New York. ComicCon, what is that coming up? If You know. And also let know your socials if you have out there. Oh yeah, I Denys Kaon Art on Instagram at Denys Kaar on Instagram. Denys Kawan Art on Facebook. You can find me. I'm just Twitter Axel Alonzo Marv. Okay. Dxe. L-A-L-O-N-S-O-M-A-R-V. That's my only social I I don't do Facebook, I don't anything like that.


And I. I have an Instagram account just to check out basketball videos and my son's, my son You know make sure he's still alive. And I. Also in close it. Yeah, you can check out that New York cu come panel. October 18th at 3:45 PM It'll be the panel on ILLuminati with these guys here, Axel and Denys, who also joined by the boss man Charlamagne to God. It's gonna be amazing. I can't wait to see more from the story. And I can't wait to see more from you guys. This is amazing to sit down with both of you and dream come true. Alright, we're gonna go to a quick break, but when we come back best in class after this,


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech. Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have the long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total re-imagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Feature Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent, prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Moments like my daughter telling me a new joke mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away if you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor if you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection, liver or kidney problems, or or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck, you should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


It is Ryan Seacrest here. Everybody needs some variety in life. That's what I love about Chumba Casino. They know how to keep things fresh and exciting. All their games are free to play. Like spin slots, bingo and solitaire. You can claim free daily login bonuses too. And they release new games every week. So spice things up with chumba casino.com now for your chance to redeem some serious prizes sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. We're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


And we are back. So we got another edition of best of Class going the Dojo with Dre Dojo. I appreciate it Dar. Alright, what's up Padawan? Y'all know we are just running through this long ass scroll. We call time and we doing the best of class. Well we just shine some spotlight on new on, I was gonna say new games on games of the olden years that were the bees knees of its time. And this year, this week we are in the jolly old year of 1998. So let's pop it off with one of the goats, banjo, kazooie.


Oh, was that not it? It it was be Aw, it was bad consuming. Yep. And let's try it. Let's try it again though. Okay. Alright. Hey, that's funny that like I'm looking at the I Im BD IMDB list and like three of the top five on Super Smash Brothers, but another Nintendo coach Gex the Gecko. Oh is that man, I guess I'm not really striking on this one.


Under the Geck really come out in 98. Sure did. Sure did. I fucking did D or True Arena Time. Ah, that's funny. My personal favorite Z The game and or Time I, who had the Better soundtrack or Corina time on Major's Mask. Hmm. Right. That's a tough one. I'm gonna go with Major's Mask. I think there was a lot more He see he cooked on that. He could. Yeah. I gotta agree. Yeah, I'm with you. And everyone loves Lost Woods, but I You know. I think that's kind of, well sell his lullaby.


You get what I'm saying? It's, it's, I still think, I think Major's Mask. I mean, but I'm biased. I like Mag's Mask Better than Uncle Enough Time. Major Mask had a song that the dude it a few of, it's a few of them. But any who next that's, that's a goat. But next to Funny shit, I, this is a game I've never played. The first one, I played the second one only because of, do y'all remember the orange box that came out on like Xbox and PS two that had like for and Half Life, two half Strike. That's the strike Encounter Strike. That's, that was the third one. That's the only way I was ever able to play Halflife.


But Halflife One drop, that story still confuses me, but I'm pretty sure we're never getting Halflife three. I'm sorry. And next up another one of my personal favorites and the beginning of me being a conspiracy like theorist met against Solid, the beginning of the, the Real Adventures of the Goat. Another Super Smash Brothers mvp solid snake. That was like the beginning. That was the beginning of me with stealth games because I ne I didn't have a Xbox growing up so I never, I got Sam Fisher kind of late. I didn't even know where this nigga, I just knew Snake type shit. Next up we got the beginning of me falling in love with zombie games. Rich Ain't Evil Two still traumatized me to this day.


To the point where I had to buy the remake just to beat it to prove some shit to myself. I needed that. That was for me. We got Fallout two, the beginning of like the beginning of like super like team competitive shooting. We got Rainbow Six. Was Rainbow Six a multiplayer competitive game at first or was it a story? Nah, it was single player. It was single. It was a single player story. Right. Yeah. But Rainbow Six, the first one dropped in 98. Let's keep going. We got ball like I know like Rainbow Six. 'cause Rainbow Six because I remember Vegas, Vegas was hard as fuck. I dunno how I was to say shit. Yeah, don't, I'm dead.


I'm trying to think of anything else that I see. That's Ty. Ty worth it. Oh and and the beginning of Light. This is me falling in the tech and we got tech and three And. I can close it with that. I can close it with taking three because that's the beginning of June becoming my main and 98 for me was anything else. That was a big year gaming for me. I, that was, I got a Nintendo. I was, this was like the time my grandmother was doing her best. Right. And she worked for like mobile oil and we were well off if you had some shit. You got it. Yeah. So I had an a Nintendo 64 and a PlayStation and a Game Boy.


I was, I was the kid that You know everyone and came over to my house to play games. So I had Nice Was it never invited Just putting that out there. That's fucked up. I didn't know you because you were black, huh? Nah, I just, no, I had black friends. I'm joking. No, we really didn't even meet Judge to high school. I'm joking. Yeah, so I had Spiral. Great game that also came out that year. Spiral dropped in 98. Damn good shit. Sure did. I had Gex, I mentioned that earlier. Hey, I played all of them bitches. My mom pawned that game so I didn't, I didn't have it for long. That's the one game, like if I ever rented it from the, from, from the light, from like funny shit.


Our county market had a video store inside of it so you could get groceries and rent movies. So I'd always get, every time a gecko guess Gecko game came out, I rent that bitch for like three days and I'm trying to beat that bitch before I gotta take it back. Was it like a store inside the store? Yeah. That's because our fiesta used to have that. Yes. Fiesta Rancho. Yeah. They have like a Hollywood video inside of it type shit. And that's what and funny shit. That's where Hollywood, I wanna say it was one of them that wasn't Blockbuster that So movies, they came from like the inside of like the grocery stuff and they got their own building. It was like damn, this is nasty. Oh and on the Dreamcast I had Sonic Adventure that came out this year.


Love that game also. I would always go play this in, it wasn't Fiesta, it was a different store by John Quincy Adams Malones. It was another Mexican store. It's kind of like pre Fiesta. It was a Marvel versus Capcom over off of Buckner. Yeah. It's still there. Is it? Oh it's Holy shit. And then Pokemon Yellow came out this year. That was my first Pokemon game. I didn't start with red, blue thought. Real. Damn, that's real. I finish it. I started on red. Yeah, I started with yellow because I loved the the show. So I was like, oh there's a game and And Yellow follows Ash.


Yeah, that's the one shit. It followed the entire show and it get But instead of you picking and you you Yeah. Which always made me mad. Couldn't, I was like this thunder but pissed off everybody my nigga. I caught a Ika chew and evolved to a right shoe and put that Ika chew in my box. You couldn't in yellow, it was like ashes peek at you. You couldn't, you couldn't put it in a box. You couldn't evolve red. It had to be with you. Yeah. Followed you all the time. Well I dunno what I did that well it had to be red or blue. 'cause that was the only, that was before yellow. Right. Mario Party came out this year. Had the, that was Destruction of Friendships.


Wait, that was 64. Yeah, I had a 60. Yeah. Ooh. Friendships were lost in that game. Fuck Monopoly. We had Crash Bandicoot Warped. I played that a lot. That was the third one wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. That was another game I played at that girl house where I saw him. You like bringing that story up? You must. I played a, you have her like burned in your memory. I played, that's probably my first naked woman I've seen up close. I And I played a lot of games in that house. I dunno why I was over there a lot. Well you had a crush on her. That makes sense. I, I didn't crush on the dog. Not mom, but I mean after I saw making up then I got hear you two, two more lesser known ones that I really enjoyed.


The great fencer. Mui is, is that the sword fighting game? No, he did have a sword. No. Was a semi or did he kind of look, did he kind of look like vinyl fantasy seven style bodies? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Okay. I do remember that shit. That whale, I only, I have, that's like a kind of a core memory. 'cause whenever you would die he, he would be like, when I, when I get reincarnated I wanna be Mui again. And I'm like, You know what I feel that And then Toro two, I never beat that game. Never, never in my life. Still haven't gone back to beat it. It was difficult for me. You know Switch now they just dropped, they the first two on their bit and then my mom pawned it.


I'm joked up. My mom pawned a lot of my games. I see, I see. I see God. I just pray. You beat them. Before then. I didn't. Damn. I would. So I would go to Mexico right. 'cause I would go visit my dad. I'd go to Mexico for a summer. I'd come back, half my games are gone. Shit gone. And then I would have to complain to my grandma and my grandma would tell her to go get them. And then maybe I'd get 'em back if she didn't do it at the start of the summer. If it's at the start, start of the summer, they're gone. Gone. Because it already been like three months or whatever. Shit. Missed the shit. That's fucked up. Youli got anything. Why did you have a undershirt on for the industry?


You had a shirt on now you should just kept the damn shirt on. Because I was sweating. I had, I was about say where the fuck did you put a shirt on? We moving the washing machine in. Well dang. What, what was now got off track? Dang. Xavier Rainbow. Yeah, that's, that's I mean Rainbow's what I remember the most, 98. I damn I, I ain't, I ain't even know fucking when the first first one came. I remember playing that. I remember playing that at school. That's the first time I played at Really? At school? Yeah. They used to have everything. He was one of the smart kids. So they had more P very, I sound salty bro.


Because it was some bullshit. They shoulda not let separated the smart. I couldn't even go on fucking field trips because I was dumb. That's some bullshit bro. Okay. That's a personal problem. Oh that 98? No, 98 really wasn't. Nah, I remember doing it. Oh yeah, Pokemon yellow. That's it. That's what I remember. That's probably what I remember. Pokemon yellow. You had Pikachu follow you around. That's what I remember. Did you, you was you not paying attention the entire time we was talking about that? Nah, he wasn't shirt on. Okay. Shut shut. That was like, where the fuck did you put a shirt on? They're my games.


Nine eight was kind of dry. I ain't gonna lie. It was, it had some sleepy hits. Nah, that was, that was a big year for me. It, I don't see no hits on here. The first middle solid nigga that was the beginning of stealth games. Not, that's not in my wheelhouse. Not a medical solid guy that yeah. Ain't your thing. Okay, I feel you. I see 98 was like kind of towards the end of 64 but 64 was still coming out with nice ass games. But I guess while we still on game and whatnot, just another, I'm so ready for Dragon Ball Sparkling Zero bro. Sparkling zero. I dunno why I keep on saying Sparkling Sparkling Zero.


It's gonna be nice, good old punch in time. It's Tokyo Game show at the moment. So next week we'll come with some more news on everything that's coming out. But I'll say damn I did see some more Civilization seven stuff. Nice. Nice. I saw the Shadow, the Sonic Shadow Generation trailer. Apparently they gonna have a chapter I guess for the movie like a little prelude prequel chapter for Shadow Storyline that go into the movie with Oh yeah, I heard about that. Yeah. Yeah, with ke voice them and shit. I was like, okay, I see what y'all doing right there.


That's nice. It's kind of neat. I liked it. I've been seeing a lot about the You know Mor comeback, chaos, rain stuff and all that. But it's like I just Don know because if they ain't time I played the system was I, I'm just say I ain't like shit need to be rebalanced. I don't like it right now. Tony, did you also see that Power World is coming to PlayStation five in light of the Yeah, they, they did at the Tokyo Game show. They said fuck, fuck y'all. Okay. Okay. Drop your dick on the table. My niggas, I respect you. I can't even be mad. They like take this shit to trial dude.


I mean this is one of the rare times they, no I'm not. I'm not, I'm not. They what they're suing for kind Bs but still they, that's why I'm saying you gotta come with a better reason. If you gonna do some shit like well then maybe Game Freak should stop throwing out Slop every other year. That's who like they, they got the, they need the competition. They got the Madden in 2K Curse. Yeah. They haven't had competition for like a fucking decade. They're coasting. They're coasting. What's wrong with dude? They're mid as fuck. Ain't no way. Yes, they're yes they're Sword Shield after that one. They was all you talking about a a shit.


Yeah, talking about that went in a Pokemon game that was like a story mode type shit. Any was trash, but other than that he straight. Any who? So we can get to the trailer. So get to the other movie trailer. Shit. Okay, we finally got Sequel Ghost, which is I'm ready for I fuck y'all know Ghost was my shit. I still got my ghost Streamer hoodie and backpack. I'm, I'm lit for that. Dynasty Warrior Origins is still looking really nice. Horizon Zero done getting upgraded remaster. Alright. I didn't ask for it but I kind, I it's like, I feel like this is one of those y'all should have just gave everybody that got the actual doing their 10 shit.


If it was five, I would've did it. I ain't gonna lie, but Yeah. But, but right now I leave it to next week to get the rest of 'em. But this one messed me up a little bit because I was like it could work. So, okay. They got a Stella Blade DLC coming up and gonna be a, what's the word? A collaboration with Ne what's that? Ne with the what? What? Its not 2d. It's the girl with the white hair that got the patch. I ain't, it's PG who don't worry about it. Which make kind of sense. It can work. So I, I wanna see what they gonna do with that.


That's neat because Stella Blade got it. If that ain't like a game of the year nominee I. Swear to God it was a lot of fat white women over this board picking these games. I'm standing on it. Yep. But game wise, I'm gonna come come next week with some more news. Oh yeah. That made good. Solid Delta Trailer is Chef Kiss. Go check that bitch out. I'm just mad. Hi is not part of this. I still don't like that. I don't like y'all. I know. I don't like how K did Hi. Yeah. But yeah, this look damn good though. Re reached into another excited episode, the podcast. Make sure y'all go check out El ILLuminati and make sure y'all go check out the Kickstarter campaign.


You're gonna go to www aw studios com slash ILLuminati. Check out the tier. They got a lot of stuff available. The hoodies, the merch, the hats, and also the comic book series. It's gonna be amazing. Gonna come out. I'll be reviewing very soon. They also gonna be at the New York City ComicCon October 18, 3 40 5:00 PM Gonna be ILLuminati with Denys, Axl Charlamagne guy, and some more creators of The ILLuminati series. Alright, let's sign off. Dre stressing you out. I'm sorry. It's always Follow You boy Popcorn. This gonna be on all social.


Damn my boy cracking like a motherfucker at the end of that. But yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm at, I think I'm at the end of the Jedi Council run through the, the main storyline. The one I Don. Huh? The one through 50 story. Yeah, because I'm at level, I'm at, I'm damn nothing. I'm at level like 68 right now. Oh. Type shit. So yeah, I, I You know I do the side missions. I'm the side mission assassin. I'm doing all of 'em. Damn n So yeah, I'm almost done with that. Then I'm gonna do the DLCs. I think either I'm gonna start my hun solo play through. I'm just going straight to the dark side. I dunno which one yet. I'm debating if you starting over on a new character, you just wanna help me do random questions.


Just cheer with for the story. Y'all, y'all know y'all more than Wil because the dude gave me like a million dollars Good. Last week, which is cool. So other than that, I'm chilling. End me up VX fashion, all platforms. I will be streaming this week. Follow me on, follow me on Instagram at the Real Son Eli, follow me on Twitch at official son EI will be streaming Tony this week whenever he stream that nigga also he's gonna, he's gonna keep me honest. See it on all the way to I Stream it is Tony Stream. So go, go make sure y'all follow the chapter podcast. Facebook, Twitter, Instagram. Appreciate all the love support. As always. Make sure y'all follow me those same faces, X-Men, pg x, pg.


And make sure y'all call blank. Nevermind. I need to stop smoking weed. This is Trap Nerds podcast. Yeah. Oh yeah. Make sure I go check out standup MVPs every third Saturdays. And it's The Trap Nerds Podcast. Oh yeah. I'm gonna be streaming too. I'll be back streaming also. This is The Trap, Nerds Podcast. All these niggas are lying bro. It is Trap podcast. We're out. We up. Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast every Monday on the Black Effect podcast Network.


The iHeartRadio App or wherever you get your podcasts.


Every day when you log into chumba casino.com. The ultimate online social casino, you get a free daily bonus. Imagine if you got daily bonuses in other parts of your life. I chose french fries, overloaded french fries. I asked Stewart from accounting about his weekend. Even though I don't care. I updated my operating system without having to call tech support. Collect your free daily bonus@jumbocasino.com now and live the Jumbo life BGW group. No purchase necessary void prohibited by terms and conditions. 18 plus


High five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void work prohibited play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. Five five casino.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee so you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew two shots of espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, Meta play Hip Hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/smart glasses


Need to shake up your routine. Go seafood. Has you covered with the most satisfying crunch the side of the freezer aisle snack on the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly and southern style shrimp. Or turn to their beer battered filets and classic fish sticks for an easy protein. Add to your favorite weeknight dinner when it comes to easy restaurant quality flavor in your own home. Nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gordon's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gordon's dot com to Learn. More


CBS Thursday. Hi again. TV's Quirky is crime solver. I'm ELs Btas. I work with the police Is back and ready to go Toe to toe. Yes, with a cavalcade of guest stars, you have a devious mind. I'm a lawyer. Don't miss a moment of the critically acclaimed hit. Look for anything out of the ordinary that sounds like fun. Murder should be fun. Obviously murder's not fun. Elsbeth is all new CBS. Thursday at ten nine Central and streaming on Paramount Plus.