
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man DB in Wheezy. Okay, now look, tickets are on sale Now we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerd podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the Black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, listen, listen. You don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast.


Let's, Let's get to, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Body Exclusive, you know, if she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in hot. Alright, y'all, I am in here. Taylor is here. Taylor. Taylor. Taylor made it the producer of the latest with Lauren La Rosa, the podcast. This is my first time filming the podcast from the iHeart and Breakfast Club Studios, because I got a lot going on today. I am gonna be a BET shooting the BET talk show that I do, which you guys can find on YouTube and it'll soon be on BET plus. And then I have a red carpet event, and then I'm outside tonight for a friend's birthday. So I need to get this in when I can get it.


And we gonna do the video, but the video will be a bit different than this. But y'all are in the, in the best place because as you guys realized yesterday, if you watched my video upload on Lauren the Rosa tv or the Black Effect YouTube channel, you probably realize that I gave y'all a little video. But the full episodes only happen over here on the audio side. So stick with me, share this, tell a friend and tell a friend. Bring it on in. Now let's get to the latest, because y'all know I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, but we gotta talk about me right now because lemme tell y'all, miss Carrie host said, miss Carrie baby. Dang, I still tell her what you laughing at? I still can't sing. I got a billboard recognized.


Hit the Job is mine by Veronica. You know, billboard cover that. No, that's bro. Billboard cover. We didn't make the chart or nothing like relax, but Billboard did talk about it. Oh, I said recognize. I ain't say charting. Okay. But yeah, so Carrie Holson was here at The Breakfast Club and we talked to her about a bunch of different things. But the biggest thing, of course when talking about Carrie Holson coming back to music after what, like 14, 15 years, her last drop was in 2011, is the whole Beyonce debacle, the back and forth. So in context and a little bit of background for those who do not know Carrie Hoen, you know, I don't have to explain who Carrie Hoen is.


She has a major song she has written for major celebs as well. But she, there was a song that leaked back in 2009. It was the turning me on record that Carrie Holsen had moving at that point. It was a remix to that song. Now the song was leaked, right? So she had always, Carrie Holsen had always stood on Yo I, you know, the song was leaked. It wasn't something that was supposed to come out. And you know, she had said that, you know, she, there was no smoke with Beyonce. And I know she had talked about meeting Beyonce and you know, they didn't really get to talk about it. They didn't talk about it, but Beyonce introduced herself. So of course when Beyonce Emini here, Beyonce Child, if, if I'm speaking Beyonce into my interview existence, God, let me get that.


And I wanna mention in, in the, in the song, we talked about some of the lyrics up here. There was a part of the song where she's like, Carrie Hilson, the, the dis is like a, the, the woman she's referring to, she's talking about this woman needing to go have some babies. She's talking about the woman needs to move her, her herself to the left. And this song was after Beyonce's Irreplaceable to the Left. To the left. So it was an easy like, oh, that's who she's talking about. There were other parts of the song too, where other people had said that, you know, they had, you know, said that there were other women in the industry at that time that Kerry Hilson was referring to. But of course y'all know how people don't play about B. So she went through turbulence because of this. Now, moving this on forward, when Carrie Holson was here at The Breakfast Club, she told us this story about the song.


I was young, I'm super young, I felt I had no power. I felt I had no choice, but I did record mine. My version, which had nothing like that in it, it was on subject song is about men. And it leaked like days after I did it. But he promised me that wouldn't happen. So it leaked. And that was, that was that. And I, I protected him. I protected the girl that wrote it who went on to become famous. I protected everyone in the story. So I had to eat that. And I am still eating it to this day. But that, that is definitely a regret of not fighting even stronger. But I, again, and to not stand up for myself, that was the shame that I wore, was like I should have fought. Now when Carrie Holson decided in that interview that she was not gonna reveal who the writer was, I Google y'all.


I'm sitting on, I literally, I didn't have my computer cars in the shop, computers in the car, but I'm on my phones and y'all will see me in that moment on my phone because I'm trying to look up, well who was the writer on the song? And I don't know if, because it was leaked and you know how it was placed, where it was leaked, writing credits were prevalent or like what? I also went to Twitter as well. And in that moment I didn't know who she was talking about. And then she said, I'm not gonna reveal who the writer is because the writer is also a celebrity. And I don't, basically it was kind of given like she didn't wanna put her out there like that. But everything else that Carrie alleged, you know, with Polo de Don and or not even just him, but like just execs or her leadership at the time, forcing her to do something, you know, and hearing that story, and I'm thinking like you, you know, this was years ago, she was a lot younger.


She had such, you know, massive suce, massive success at the time. I felt for her. I was like, yo, I can understand, you know what Emini here. Like I don't think I would've done that. But I can understand being in that position and feeling like if I don't do this, everything I've worked for is gonna be in question. These are people with, you know, power, influence, say so I'm signed, you know, to them. And you know, all the, all, all those factors that come in. But baby, I'm trying to tell y'all when, when we posted this clip online and then I, I took it over to Twitter, y'all ain't showing no grace whatsoever. Not there one baby Grace don't live here anymore. Not there one, the way that she is being dragged on Twitter for telling her side of the story is insane.


And a lot of people have pointed out, you know, in response to me taking the video to Twitter, older interviews that Carrie Holston had done where she talked about the song was not leaked by Da Dawn and you know, that she wasn't forced to do the record. And I think y'all have to at least give her the grace of, if this is what she is now saying, she has the courage, she'll come out and say, because she's taken all of these years over a decade off, she's found peace of mind. She's a little bit more, you know, confident or a lot more confident in who she is and where her voice is. She's also now a independent artist. So can't nobody stop nothing or shut nothing. You know what? Emini here, like, she's an independent artist now she can do and say certain things.


It was different than they literally controlled her career to some extent. And I think it was different than too with like, you know, people believing certain things. I think if Carrie Holston had come out and said that she was actually forced to do this song when nobody had believed her, people would've been like, no girl, that ain't true. You just saying that because the Beyonce fans don't like it and that ain't true. Didn't happen. And then y'all got on my body because I said, I said it in the interview. And I also said on Twitter that this was the first time that I'd heard Kara Hilton talk about this in detail as far as being forced and things of that nature. And I think someone pulled up an interview from about like five years ago.


But even in that interview, I feel like she was lot more candid with us. And she said in our interview, 'cause I mentioned that in our interview, like, hey, this the first time that you 'cause why I don't remember this And I feel like my, my my, you know what I was insinuating by ask asking that is all this time. Why haven't you ever said that? If that would've like turned the noise down, why didn't you say that? And she said that she did do an interview where she did talk about this, you know, to some extent, but she felt like The Breakfast Club was a bigger platform. She was, you know, more comfortable here and she hoped that because of how big the platform was and how you know, what the reach are, what the reach is and what our reach is here, she wouldn't have to talk about it again.


That was her whole point. Now will say, Esther Dean has come out and she commented on The Breakfast Club Instagram under the Carrie Holsen video where Carrie Sen is having the conversation with us about this and 'cause people were tagging her into the video because the people knew. They was like, oh, Esther Dean wrote this. She commented and said, I'm here. And then she commented again because there was someone in the comments that said like, oh, Esther Dean wrote this, or something like that. And she replied to that person and said, and did end. It was a hit. Oh wait, wait, wait, hold on y'all, wait, I just got a notification. Esther Dean actually just responded to all of this on her Instagram, not no comments on her real Instagram.


She says, I submitted a lot of verses for that remix. One got picked and it was co-written with Carrie looking back, it was childish and didn't age well. I see how it hurt people, especially women And I take full accountability. I've worked with and supported many women since, but that doesn't erase the moment. I'm sorry for my part in it. Growth is real and so is apology. It's getting real, y'all, I would say I'm indifferent about this, but I kind of feel bad for Carrie Holsen a bit. I do, I know that there are people that feel like, well, you know, during the time when it first came out, she should have said this, she should have said that. Like there should have been more that had that happened when you saw this snowball effect. But I'm indifferent about what's true and what's not.


I do have an opinion on how I feel about Carrie in this situation. I do feel like give her some grace a bit, but I don't know what's sure what's not. But until we know or, And I don't even know if we ever really will know, like how would we know that? I think this is one of 'em things where we have to hear all sides of the story and then not that we even have to, but it would be nice to hear all sides of the story and then be able to make a determination from there. Now I did reach out to Esther Dean, I DMed her on Instagram and said, Hey, you know, I work for The Breakfast Club, would love to talk to you as we'll, be reporting this more now that you commented and you know, let us know, knew that you know that you were the writer. Would love to talk to you, you know, from your point of view. And I think I'm gonna probably reach out to Polo to Don too, just to see if he has anything that he, you know, would wanna add in or, you know, comment in response.


But Carrie Holston's new music comes out on April 18th, it's called, we Need to Talk. And Carrie Holston's back outside and she's talking and baby she done stir to beehive up again. Well talking about this tour or not, Kenya Moore, our girl, king Moore is my girl. I love her Housewives of Atlanta. You watch Taylor, oh my god, I seen clips though I think in the la the last season or two though have have been a little stale, but they revived it by bringing Porsche back onto the show this season. But then Kenya had to make the exit because of her back and forth with a new cast member. Her name is Brittany Edie now Brittany Ededie, Kenya. We talked about it on the last episode that Brittany, Edie and Kenya had this, they, they just don't like each other on the show.


We talked about that back and forth. I gave you guys that background. If you have not listened yet, please go listen to that episode so that you can have a bit more of the background because now what has happened is people are responding. So Andy Cohen and his co-host for his radio show are like recapping the episode and you know, talking about what happened. And Andy's filling the co-host in on what happened and the, and, and one of his co-hosts makes a comment that even showing someone a photo of someone else in a sexual manner or just certain things can be considered sexual assault. Now again, if you did not hear my breakdown of the episode and what happened, please go visit our episode prior to this one.


But really quickly, I'll just tell you, Kenya Moore showed photos of the other cast member Brittany, giving fellatio to a man. Now, according to rape crisis.org, sexual assault happens when someone either touches another person in a sexual manner without consent or makes another person touch them in a sexual manner without consent. It includes unwanted kissing and the touching of someone's genitals, breast or bottom. I do not see in any of the definitions that I am looking at showing revenge porn being sexual assault. Now, there are other ways to classify, you know, non-consensual sex related crimes, but from what I see, this wouldn't have been considered sexual assault.


So then Andy Cohen in the, in the conversation shifts to, now you know, what Kenya did in showing these photos at the event being likened to revenge porn, I looked up the definition of revenge porn. The definition of revenge porn is revealing or sexually explicit images or videos of a person posted on the internet, typically by a former sexual partner without the consent of the subject. And in order to cause them distress or embarrassment, she's been, and here's the example they give of it. She's been campaigning for a change in a law since she first became a victim of revenge porn. So that's how she was in the sentence. Now the reason why I look this up is because there are times where I've heard people claim revenge porn when like, you know, you have like an ex who like leaks stuff, not even on the internet, but through text messages or emails or stuff like that and trying to exploit or whatever, and it's wrong.


So Kenya comes in and she's responding to Andy Cohen and the co-host and she's really upset. So this happened on Instagram from her Kenya page. Kenya Moore says the two co-hosts are extremely ignorant. Sexual assault is rape. Remember that's what Feal accused K of attempting to do to Portia. Now I will say, I think Ken is being a little, you know, shady when she brings this up because during that y'all remember that, well, if you don't remember, if you guys don't watch for Housewives of Atlanta, but if you do, you know what I'm talking about. During that season when fare accused kandy of trying to do that to Portia fare ended up being put off of the show.


So she's basically saying, you guys understood it then and understood everything around it then, but now you guys don't revenge porn. If someone showed a Kim k sex tape to you, is that revenge porn? I found that plus tons of others online. She signed a release for it, so it's fair. Then she put receipt in all caps. So Kenya is alleging that there were release forms signed where these images could appear online. So by her recirculating them and, and putting 'em on a poster to bring to her event, she did nothing wrong. Warning, Kenya says, if you are not an attorney and familiar with Georgia law, then shut the F up sick of the bias and selective outrage.


These are comments that should not have been aired. It is a podcast where is legal? You don't want activated Kenya. I shouldn't have shown at my event, but for the love of God, why would they ignore a clear gun threat? And she's referring to the fact that the episode before that Brittany says, while getting on the elevator to Kenya just in in the area of Kenya, that she still has her guns in her whips. I'm not, don't ver verbatim me there, I believe she said like her pistol, but it might've just been the word gun. But still, she, you know what Emini here in that context, you know, you say that around or to anyone, you just got done arguing with what they, what you gonna think they gonna feel. But Brittany was trying to apologize that is why she came to this event.


But Kenya ain't trying to hear, and after this, after you know, everything was shown, Kenya was suspended indefinitely from Real Housewives of Atlanta. So yeah, it's a mess. It it, it's just a big mess. And I, and basically Kenya is at this point threatening Andy Cohen and whoever else that is speaking about this, that if you don't get it right, I'm gonna bring in legal. Now again, I don't know if everything you know here that she's alleging is true. I don't know if there were release forms signed by Brittany to have these images placed certain places wherever she Kenya found them on, in, on the internet. I I, I didn't even look into it to be honest with you because even if there were, I feel like Emini here to Kenya's point, what she's trying to say legally, that's a whole different thing.


And if she takes it legal, I'll look more into that. My whole point in bringing this up and and covering it, you know, I'm a fan of the show, but also too, it was sad to see Kenya, God like this. Like I said last episode and like I'm gonna say here as I end this Kenya, you've been standing on business about your kingdom and you know what Emini here and everything you're doing for your daughter Brooklyn and all that for so long, don't let these girls trick you out your spot. Do not, okay, you were og we needed you this season and now we ain't got you. There's no reports on whether Kenya will be back for next season or not. She was suspended indefinitely for this season only. So we'll have to wait and see. So as always, I'm Lauren La Rosa, I'm the home guard that knows a little bit about everything and every single body, every single time that you know, y'all join me right here to talk about all these things because at the end of the day, there is always a lot to talk about and a lot of places y'all could be listening to to talk about it.


I appreciate y'all for tuning in And I will see you guys in my next episode.