
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up Early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out, she's sick. And Lauren la Ross is holding it down. Let's get some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now, NFL Achieves beat the Texans. The commanders beat the Lions, the Bills beat the Ravens and the Eagles beat the Rams. That's The only, only pick I got right was the Commanders. I I picked the commanders, the, the beat the lions. I thought the Ravens was gonna beat the bills. Yep. Now the next game is Sunday at three and at six o'clock. Now, also in college football, I picked The Rams to beat the Eagles, but that was just hate. Was it? Because I'm, I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. So, yeah. Well, in college football, Ohio State beat Notre Dame.


34 23. Who's gonna win the Super Bowl though? The Commander play the Eagles on Sunday at three Bills. Play the Chiefs on Sunday at six 30. Who's going to the Super Bowl? I think it'll gonna be Eagles Chiefs. The Eagles. Nah, bro. I hate to say it. I think the Commanders, You think commanders gonna be Eagles? I think the Commanders Bro. I don't think so. I think The Commanders. I don't think so. The Eagles Got Gil. The Eagles got Gil. They got Gilli. The commander's got Darnell. Oh, What are y'all talking about? Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all. Listen, I know y'all wanna talk about inauguration and all of that, but before we get into that, just like Charlemagne, I don't want him to pull my black card. Let's talk about Dr. Martin Luther King Day first, if that's all right with y'all.


So the US, of course, is reflecting on the civil rights icon as of yesterday. His son, Martin Luther King. The third says holidays. The holidays normally mean a day of rest and relaxation. However, he also hopes people can work together and to make The World better. And the continuation of his father's work goes beyond politics. Let's hear more from MLK iii. But this is really about continuing the work that my dad and mom started to finish and create the beloved community so that freedom, justice, and equality becomes real for all humankind. Today we are more divided than we've ever been. Civility has to be brought back to the political landscape.


We want to be fulfilled and we must help create that climate no matter who is the commander in chief. But at this time, I think that it would be wonderful if we were engaged in service. So while Martin Luther King Day was created in 1983, after the signing of legislation by President Ronald Reagan, the movement to honor his birthday didn't actually begin until 15. Well, his, the movement to honor his birthday actually began 15 years early after, just days after his assassination. And Stevie Wonder actually played a major role in that with his song Happy Birthday. In case you didn't know. I was gonna say, that's the rabbit hole that you gotta go down by yourself for, but we don't have time for that. But Bernie's king, she checked in talking about why, how it was wonderful that MLK Day fell on inauguration day saying it reminds people of the work of her father and those who are unhappy with Trump's election.


She said America needs to focus on the fa the the goal of her father, which was nonviolence. Now switching gears, we are talking about inauguration and President Biden. He has made his departure out of the nation's capitol. He gave remarks at joint base. Andrews following him, leaving the US Capitol via helicopter. The former president reflected on his time in office and praised his staffers. Let's hear. Take a listen from to Biden at joint base. Andrews on his departure. We're leaving office, we're not leaving the flight. You're smart, you're skilled, you're passionate. The country needs you. Again, as her me say before, no president gets to choose the moment history, but they get to choose the team.


They do in the history with would what? And we chose the best damn team in The World. Hey man, good riddance. Okay. I know y'all love your Uncle Joe, but if you ask me, he leaves behind a legacy of selfishness. Okay? He should have been a transitional president who passed the baton to a younger generation of leadership. But he decided selfishly to run for a second term, only to end up dropping out way too late, which didn't give Democrats the time they needed to formulate a real plan. And Allah, we are here now today. All right, well, I was gonna say really quickly, if I can, there is a snow storm that could be impacting the South as far as Florida and the Gulf of Mexico. Or excuse me, maybe we should name it, rename it the Gulf of America. But we'll get into that a little later.


Cold weather also affecting millions in Louisiana, Georgia, Florida, Alabama and Mississippi have all declared states of emergency. The storm is expecting to bring snow, ice, freezing rain through Wednesday, making travel. Treacherous officials are urging those to stay off the road and keep a little water running through the pipe so they, to keep them from freezing and bursting in Texas. In Texas. Houston's airports will be closed today in a national weather service is warning that there should be con this a generational winter storm. So, but we'll talk more about inauguration at Settle. There's, there's a lot going on. I'm telling you, it's just not enough time. Y'all 25 is underway. Let's go. But Biden also pardoned his whole family. Yesterday.


He pardoned Dr. Fauci and the January 6th committee. He gave him preemptive pardons because he said, you know, he thought that Trump was gonna, you know, prosecute the Revenge. Yeah. What about, what about Fannie Mae? What about Marilyn Mo? About Fannie will? What about Mosby? Marilyn Moy didn't get a pardon, but what about Fannie Willis? What about Alvin Bragg? What about ts James? All those people that put their neck on, they on neck on the line. Prosecute Trump Sisters are coming out too. The January Sixers are also coming out. Just, you know, but he put his family, Make sure his family was Straight. Yeah, I'm just talking about the folks that Biden parted that pardoned at the moment. Biden, I just, you know, It's crazy. Yeah, it, it is definitely, definitely crazy. Alright, Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051.


Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake that ass up early in the morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. DJ hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club on the Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, some quick sports Chiefs beat the Texans. Commanders beat the Lions. The Bills beat the Ravens and the Eagles beat the Rams. All right, next week, well, this Sunday, I should say, the Eagles take on the Commanders at three. The Bills take on the Chiefs at six 30 and college football National Championship, Ohio State beat Notre Dame, 34 23. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlemagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa. How y'all feeling?


Good. How are you? Less black and highly favored. Good. Love to hear it. All right, let's talk about this inauguration. I'm gonna just go ahead and get a disclaimer out there, y'all. It's just not enough time to get through all of it, but I'm gonna do my best. Okay, so President Trump. Yes, president Trump has officially been sworn in as the 47th President of these United States of America, saying the tide of change is sweeping the country. During his inaugural address, Trump said the golden age of America begins right now, and he will declare a national emergency at this nation's southern border. Now, Trump criticized the country's response to disasters and claim that the fires have been burning for weeks in Los Angeles without even a token of defense saying some of the wildfire victims were even in, in attendance of, of his inauguration, despite not having a home to go home to, he also indicated that he will be changing the name of landmarks, the Gulf of Mexico.


He wants to be known as the Gulf of America and Mount Denali in Alaska, which was named for the Native people, I believe in that land, he wants to be renamed to Mount McKinley. After the 25th President, president William McKinley Trump also thanked black and Hispanic voters for their support. And mentioned Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Day when he spoke during his inauguration address. And he also spoke about eliminating DEI efforts and said The government will only recognize two biological sexes. Let's hear those comments from Trump's inaugural speech. From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over The World.


We'll be the envy of every nation and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer. Today is Martin Luther King Day and his honor, this will be a great honor, but in his honor, we will strive together to make his dream a reality. We will forge a society that is colorblind and merit based as of today. It will henceforth be the official policy of the United States government, that there are only two genders, male and female. If you're a minority who voted for Trump, how do you feel about DEI Initiatives being wiped away.


I'm just asking a question. If you are a member of the L-G-B-T-Q community who voted for Trump, how do you feel about a lot of the executive orders you signed? Especially a lot of the the I'm about to say they, but I don't have to say that anymore. No, you don't. Especially you transgenders who, who supported, you know Donald Trump. How does somebody like Kaitlyn Jen feel? Oh, she said Congrat. She welcomed him, right? Or wait, Bruce, How does Bruce feel? That's Crazy. Wow. Yeah, we don't even know how. Okay, well They knew what he was gonna do. He, he wasn't quiet about it. It's not like he was hiding. He said What he was gonna do first date. Now the he you talking about is Trump, right? Not Bruce just making sure. But they both He's they're both. He's he, he, that's right. Let's go.


I hate y'all. Alright. Alright, y'all. You know, TikTok was a huge thing. You know, that was a huge topic over the weekend. We were all stressed out where a lot of people were stressed out over the whole ban watching what happened on Saturday night. It went dark for about 16 hours on Saturday night into Sunday morning. Well, president Trump signed an executive order yesterday aimed at tackling TikTok in his first time back in the Oval Office. He signed the order. And let's hear what Trump had to say about TikTok. I may not do the deal or I may do the deal. TikTok is worthless. Worthless if I don't approve it. It has to close. I learned that from the people that own it. If I do the deal, it's worth maybe a trillion dollars. A trillion.


So if I do the deal for the, I'm talking about doing it for the United States. If I do the deal for the United States, then I think we should get half. So basically, when users reopen the app, a message popped up thanking them for their patience and praising Trump for getting the app back online. But I just need you guys to understand that this is only for about 90 days. So we'll see what happens as a result of this chin, this TikTok pan is still in effect, but as of right now, if you have the app, I believe you can use it while we're just sitting in limbo to see what happens. Go Ahead and sell it to Frank McCourt and Project Liberty. You know, Donald Trump is proposing that it's a 50 50 joint venture that America owns half of it. China owns half of it.


Emini here. Go ahead and get the deal done, man. And give, give, give, give, give them whatever kickback they need to make it happen. Because That's what it's About. Disappointed by the way we was, we was hurt though. We was hurt Saturday night over TikTok, not me, because I ain't got no damn tic-tac TikTok. I got it. I was in a Poconos when it went dark, but I wasn't worried. I'm like, Trump gonna bring it back. Yeah, we knew it was coming back. Trump know what he doing. Absolutely. Like he knew I, I knew it was coming back. Speaking of knowing what he's doing, he did sign an executive order parting parter, pardoning, I can't even get it out. Pardoning, roughly 1500 people convicted in the January 6th riots. Let's hear more from Trump on that executive order for the J six rioters are what he refers to 'em as hostages. So this is January 6th. These are the hostages.


Approximately 1500 for a pardon? Yes. Full pardon. Full partner of commutations. Full pardon? We, we hope they get him. We hope they come out tonight. Frankly. He said he was gonna do that. Yeah. And that's why his base loves him. You know, because he keeps, he keeps promises. And I tell you something else, the reason that that one right there is so interesting is because think about the message that sends, if I do something on behalf of my president, I more than likely will get out. 'cause my president gonna have my back. Right. No, what I'm sayings true. Like that's just, that's the message it, Yeah.


Well, if we could line up immigration Trump's executive order on immigration. So switching gears, he signed a lot of executive orders yesterday, to be honest. One of them in which is on immigration. He talked about it designating drug cartels as foreign terrorists organizations and also ending the birthright citizenship, which basically means that if you are a migrant who came to this country and you had a child, well that child is no longer going to be considered a US citizen just because they were born in this country. So let's hear more about Trump's executive order on immigration. People have wanted to do this for years.


So they are now designated as terrorist organizations. Foreign and Mexico probably doesn't want that. They're killing our people. They're killing 250, 300,000 American people a year. It's ridiculous. We're the only country in The World that does this with birthright, as you know. And it's just absolutely ridiculous. But, you know, we'll see. We think it, we have very good growth. Of course, as mentioned before, he has declared a national emergency at the US southern border, which will bring additional Pentagon resources to the southern border. And he does maintain that. He is fine with legal immigration.


Let's switch gears to Elon Musk Emini Here. Wait, quick question. The birthright thing is in the Constitution, so he can't do an executive order against that. Correct. I'm not sure how that really works because everything is so unprecedented. And not to mention you have the Supreme Court backing you. So he said he's got good grounds. So let's see what he, what what legal grounds he actually has Emini here. Jesus. Yeah. Y'all Keep talking about the law in regards to Donald Trump. Donald Trump doesn't what the hell he wants when he wants how he wants a what is that? And it can be amended. That's the thing. Especially when you have people, it could be amended. He could put a in this. Yeah. So, and being that he's actually in office, you know, all of this falls under his official capacity that the Supreme Court passed recently.


So Emini here, there's no telling what he's going to be able to do. But yeah, Elon Musk. Let's talk about Elon Musk really quickly. So he said he's looking forward to making a lot of changes once President Trump is takes office. And he spoke at the rally, at the Capital One arena in downtown Washington, DC and of course, you know, he's facing some backlash for the way that he, I guess, saluted or Hmm. I, yeah, it looked like a Roman salute. Maybe similar to a Nazi salute. But basically he put his hand over his, his his, his hand over his heart, and then went out to basically yeah, embrace the crowd in a sense. So let's hear from Elon Musk about, you know, basically how that salute kind of sounded in that commentary.


Elon Musk on salutes. You know, there, there are elections that, that elections that come and go. Some, some elections are, you know, important some or not. But, but this one, this one, this one really mattered. And I just wanna say thank you for making it happen. Thank you. My heart goes out to you. Yeah, it, it, it's, it's crazy watching that whole thing. I will say this, I know Trump talked about unity and he wants to unite the co the country, but during this inauguration, all he did was ish all over Joe Biden and Kamala Harris all the Time.


No, that was so awkward. I was watching, I'm like, this is so awkward. They gotta just sit there while he basically says, y'all couldn't get nothing done. Move over. Why y'all even here? Why you mad at him for telling the truth? Because you're, I'm not mad at like, whoa. 'cause The reality of the situation is Republicans treat Democrats the way Democrats should treat Republicans. And I've been saying that they want to be nice. You know what's so ill about what happened this weekend? Mm. Michelle Obama said, when they go low, we go high. Michelle Obama decided to go low and say f all of y'all, I ain't showing up, but y'all still going high. For what reason? Michelle Obama's letting y'all know, I listen, I believe this man is a fascist. I believe this man is a threat to democracy. I'm not about to show up and play nice with y'all, but y'all still going high. And for what reason? Yeah, you're Right.


Four years ago, he wasn't even get in a call with nobody. He said, I'm not even coming, yo, It was ill to and, and you know why? 'cause he said the election was stolen. Donald Trump said, he he still says it. He still said, so why? So, so I, you know why I respect what he did in 2020 because he said something and he acted like he believed it. Unlike the democratic leaders that we have now, if you say something, act like you believe it, Michelle Obama said something and she's acting like she believes it. Barack Obama the opposite President. Biden the opposite. I don't respect that. I respect Donald Trump up there giving his inauguration speech and telling all of them to they face, y'all ain't pissed. Yo, it was such an easy, I don none of y'all. It was such an e Lee's Housewives moment. Like you couldn't, I was watching, I'm like, man, I wanted somebody to say something And I wanted somebody to say so, and his Loved it.


They couldn't even, they didn't even move their face. I'm like, I'm not gonna get a face from Kamala. Nothing like, And his base loved it. Barack Obama walked in, they booed booed him. Bill the Clinton's walked in. They booed like, We, but how about the fact that he acknowledged all of them? He acknowledged all of them except for Mike Pence. What was that about? You know what I'm saying? Why would I acknowledge the man Mike Pence that I, that I told my followers that was, was, was garbage. He didn't wanna certify the, he, he, he wouldn't refuse to certify the results of the election. Yo, he sta you saying he keeps the same energy. He does Let, that's okay. Keeping the same energy. And I'm what I'm thinking, and I'm, I can't speak for all the politicians, but what I'm thinking is that they wanna maintain a level of decorum and a level of tradition. Are you saying throw it all out the window?


Decorum and tradition is done. Morgan. Alright. Like, like, like, like yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm old school, right? I was born in 1,978. So I remember movies like New Jack City. I remember when they bought in the Icet and the other cop and they told him, for new Jack, for new Jack problems, you need new Jack solutions. And that's what we need right now. 'cause you know, this whole decorum and trying to do things the right way is not working for the Democratic Party in any way, shape, or form. Did We mention the, the reverend? Which one? The black one? No, we did not wet the black Reverend. Was he That was going off, That was going off. That was thought Martin Luther King that was acting like he was Martin Luther King and Jesus, You know, them people closed their eyes. They probably thought it was Jesus Christ. They can't tell us apart. Jesus. I felt embarrassed for him.


I didn't, he knew who he signed up for. Jesus. Taylor Res, excuse me, Taylor Re excuse me. Lorenzo Sewell is his name. Thank you. Goodness. Couldn't get out. But yeah. All right. Y'all look, I, I can't call it, I don't have all the answers. I don, you know what I'm saying? Here we go. Day one, it is what it is, Trump pre presidency. So we'll see, you know, we'll see what happens. But in the meantime, I'm gonna keep you posted and that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into are getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


The new year means new health goals, not just for your body, but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve to make identity, health, and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show Ears edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.