
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's AT&T's Best Deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series, smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an At&t store for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Wade's been overturned. They taken black jobs. The Supreme Court has Issued a ruling on the extent of presidential immunity from criminal prosecution. Justice, Shocking body camera video released today shows the deadly police shooting. It feels like my country doesn't stuff Me charlamagne. Now is not the time to sit this one out. It's time to don't give the day. America is the big reality TV show on The, Breakfast. Club. Would you rather have the black president or the white president have a problem figuring out when you're premier Trump and you ain't black? It's enough. America has a problem. Yes, donkey. Today for Tuesday, September 3rd, DJ Envy's Born day, yes, goes to the 45th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump, A man I call Dope 45 a man who is running to be president again, but I've already told you, I truly don't believe he wants to run anymore.


Okay? This man was facing 88 criminal charges. I think it was 88. I lose count. He was convicted of 34 of them. He's been shot at at some point. Enough has to be enough. And. I truly believe he wants the Republicans to do him the way the Democrats did. Joe Biden, yes, Trump wants out, but Republicans have become the party of cowards because they've let MAGA just take over and MAGA has completely wiped its ass with traditional conservative values. So they don't have the courage to push him out because they are scared of how the coat of MAGA will react. Now, when I say to folks, I don't think Donald Trump wants to run anymore, they look at me like I'm insane. Well, I have You know new evidence to back up my claims, and that's why we are here today.


See Donald Trump, a man who faced the federal indictment, which accused him of illegally trying to overturn the 2020 Election loss. In fact, a week ago, Trump faced a revised federal indictment of that charge with prosecutors narrowing their approach After a US Supreme Court ruled that former presidents have broad immunity from criminal prosecution. Yes, you all remember that ruling that happened over the summer where they basically made presidents above the law. So Trump is immune from criminal prosecution for actions that were within his constitutional powers as president. And clearly he's standing on that, okay? Because he did an interview with Fox News yesterday, and according to Donald J. Trump, and the Jay must stand for Jackass, he had every right to interfere in the 2020 Election.


I can't make this kind of stuff up people. Let's go to Fox News to listen. It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential Election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and your poll numbers go up. Donald J. Trump is over it, okay? Donald, Donald J. Trump is over it, okay? Donald J. Trump, don't give a damn about the law. He doesn't give a damn about the Constitution. He doesn't give a damn about running for president no more, and he doesn't give a damn about your right to vote in a free and fair Election. Okay? He was just okay, re indicted again last week, all right?


For his efforts to overturn the 2020 Election. And then you sit with Fox News on Sunday and say, you had every right to do it. You had every right to interfere with the results of a free and fair Election. That one statement defies logic, decency, and the principles of democracy all at once. Okay? I don't know if Donald Trump is arrogant are stupid. The safe bet is both alright, because he openly admits that he believes he has the right to meddle with the Democratic process. CNN, M-S-N-B-C Fox topics like this should be what you make points of debate, okay? Whether Vice President Kamala Harris is black, whether Vice President Kamala Harris is a DEI hire, those are nothing burgers compared to the fact that the former president who was indicted for attempting to overturn the results of the Election just told you he believes he had every right to do it.


Because in his mind, the presidency comes with a golden ticket to do whatever you want, including disregarding the very foundation of American democracy. Donald Trump is truly the Frankenstein monster of white supremacy. He is what happens when privilege goes unchecked. Okay? Donald Trump is the only white man in America who makes other white men in America feel like niggas. Okay? Let's just talk about the fact that the United States is a country built on the principle that the will of the people expressed through free and fair elections is sacred, okay? Elections are not supposed to be tampered with by people in power, okay? They are meant to reflect what we the people want, but we have a person who swore an oath to uphold the Constitution claiming that he had the right to undermine the very process that ensures the peaceful transfer of power.


The same man who said we should terminate parts of the Constitution to overthrow the results of the Election is added. Again. Listen, I don't have to tell you how dangerous this is, do I? Okay. This is the same mindset that arose trust in our democratic institutions and encourages Dakota Maga to believe that rules don't apply to them if they don't like the outcome. And it's this mindset that led to an attempted co, this country on January 6th, 2021. I don't care what your political affiliation is, I don't care what party you represent, but at the end of the day, we all have to believe in democracy. And when Trump talks like this, it's a slap in the face to those of us who believe in democracy. It's a slap in the face to democracy, period.


It's like we prostitutes and he's just peeing on us because he feels like he can. Okay? He has a sense of entitlement that I believe naturally exists in him, but then when you have a supreme court that is no longer legitimate and does his bidding and gave him presidential immunity, and he has all these elected officials that are MAGA all around the country, and they will refuse to certify the results of the Election, when you hold in all those Trump cards, no pun intended, you talk spicy like how he's talking right here, let me hit a clip again, right? It's so crazy that my poll numbers go up. Whoever heard you get indicted for interfering with a presidential Election where you have every right to do it, you get indicted and your poll numbers go up.


America, America, America. Do we believe in democracy or not? If so, what are we going to do about this man who openly admits to what can only be described as an attack on democracy? And once again, I don't care if you're Republican, Democrat, independent, nobody. Okay? Nobody. Whether you're republican, democrat, independent corporate lobbyists, these pacs, nobody, no matter how powerful has the right to interfere with the will of the people. Please let Remy ma give Donald J. Trump the biggest heehaw, Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother.


Are you dumb? There's no way in hell that CNN. M-S-N-B-C, Fox, well, maybe not Fox, because their agenda is to make Trump look great at all costs. But CNN, M-S-N-B-C, every other news outlet, these should be your points of debate all week. Okay? If this doesn't feed into the Trump wants to be a dictator narrative, then I don't know what does. Alright? Hm. No, it's okay. I gonna say, I was gonna ask what energy you think he gonna be given at the debate? Oh, I think that Donald Trump is gonna get dog walked at the debate. And the reason I think he's gonna get dog walked at at the debate is because there's really no way vice President Kamala Harris can lose.


Because let's just say You know it's a, it's a healthy debate where they respectfully You know, disagree with each other, never exactly right. But let's just say hypothetically, that does happen. You know in that case, she'll just went off knowing more. She'll just went off being an experienced politician who understands policy and things of that nature, she'll win off that. But to your point, Lauren, we know that's not gonna be the case. So he's gonna overtalk her, he's gonna overpower her, he's going to insult her, and he's gonna look like a madman up there. So she really can't lose either Way. Yeah, I don't, I don't think he'll do that. 'cause they're gonna mute those mics though. But I think he's gonna look crazy.


He's gonna look tired. I think he's gonna try to disrespect her, like you said. I, I think he's gonna try to all types of false claims. He's gonna say he's gonna get up there sounding stupid. I Don't think they should mute the mics. If I was the, if I was the vice president, I would want the mics open just for that. Exactly. For the reason I just said, 'cause he's going to try to overtalk her. He's going to insult her. He's, he's, he's, he's gonna be cutting her off. Let him look like a madman. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Donkey today is sponsored by renowned personal injury attorney Michael the Bull Lamb off. Don't be a donkey when you need a fighter on your side. If you're ever injured, go to michael the bull.com. That's michael the bull.com. And when you mess with the bull, you get the horns.


Wake that ass up in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart to Roger P. Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.