
I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you hear That exclusive? You know, she don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in hot. Oh, guys. Woo. We are back. Let's give it some claps. Give us some claps. Give us some claps. Episode three. Yesterday's episode. We talked about me getting ready to go to the party. My party, I did a official launch party. It was a private event. It was a small private launch party full of lots of love, lots of love here in New York. We had a great time. Shout out to the venue. It's called Ophelia here in New York City. Shout out to Sims Presents.


Samantha is one of the producers from The Breakfast Club who also has a event coordination and production business on the side. She put everything together for me. We had Terrance McNeil, who, you know, came in with the, the, you know, the partnerships, the relationships for the venue. Belaire events. So Aire Events, assisted Sim, SIM Prisons. Sim Sim on the decor. So like we had photos of me around the venue. Well, DJ Envy and his wife Gia pulled up. Shout out to Tasha Smith. She pulled up as well. All of my friends were there. You know, all of my friends that I've met and, and made here in New York were there.


We had some media in the building. The Shave Room popped out for me. Glock topics, who, you know, these are outlets that have been supporting my exclusive news that I've been doing via social media, which led me here to this podcast for some time. So, and, and, and, and nobody was there working with Johnny Nunez. Shout out to Johnny Nunez. He got a fire video when I walked in. Face was giving. It was just a good time. Everybody looked good, was feeling good. People were so, so, so, so, so, so, so happy for me. It was such a new experience though, walking. And as soon as me, GIA, and Envy, 'cause we arrived at the same time on accident. Soon as we got there and we came up in the elevator, soon as we opened the elevator, it was like, like photos everywhere. I'm like, oh my God, I'm not used to this.


Relax, please. Oh, I had way too many shots for all of this, but it was a good time. And I appreciate everybody for coming out. I appreciate you guys for being here, listening to the podcast. So we have something to celebrate. And I'm just, again, thankful season. Make sure you guys tell a friend and tell a friend about the latest with Lauren La Rosa. So let's get on into the episode. So first up on our list, I was actually trying to wait for police to get back to me for another piece of this story, but they have not yet. But I, you know, I, I would be remiss not to talk about this here, because I was one of the first people to just let The World know that the Atlanta police have actually arrested a woman in connection with the death of Young Scooter, who was the rap artist from Atlanta.


The Atlanta police dropped this statement via their Instagram. They said on April 1st, 2025, 31-year-old Demetrius Spence was taken into custody by the Atlanta Police Department in charge with transmitting a false public alarm. Under, there's like a little section code of like whatever this, you know, law is, and then there's a definition of it. It says that this means if serious bodily harm or death results from the response of a public safety agency, y'all, this is insane. Now, there are some other dots here that I, I don't wanna prematurely connect, so I'm not going to, again, until I can speak to, you know, my law enforcement sources and be able to confirm some things. But this is insane. This is insane because basically based on the statement that the police just gave, if this woman had never called and gave that, you know, false testimony to police, young Scooter would still be alive today.


That is comp, that's trash. You know what I'm saying? Like that is completely insane. It would be different if what she had called and said, you know, was actually happening. And, you know, something happened in transmission of all of that where, you know, he ended up passing away. But this is different because according to police, what she called and alleged that he did didn't happen. So they didn't even have to be there. He didn't have to flee from police because it didn't happen. But again, there will be more to this. This is going to be developing. I also with this, wanted to touch on something that happened earlier today, because there were some things that were put out online, including a tweet Young Thug actually tweeted earlier today, and the tweet is now been deleted.


But Young Thug tweeted earlier today, autopsy came back, street got shot Street is Young Scooter. So Young Thug was under the impression that there was an autopsy that came back and that young scooter had actually been shot. Now, police quickly came out and cleared that up, baby. They, one thing about the Atlanta police, they've been clearing things up from Rip, okay? Letting you know what's going on. So they actually came out and they released young Scooter's, autopsy results. The autopsy results actually elicit his death as an accident. And it pushed, you know, it, it basically put to put to rest that narrative that Young Thug was pushing, which I will say a lot of people picked up because it's like, okay, it's Young Thug like, all right, he might know something we don't know.


But what they list on the autopsy, I have it here in my hand. His date of injury was March 28th. His date of death was March 28th. He was 39 years old. This autopsy was done on Saturday, March 29th. So the next day, his cause of death is listed as penetrating injury of the right thigh, manner of death, again, an accident. Now, the comment that they left here, because I think they wanted to clarify, right? It says, Mr. Bailey, who was Young Scooter, sustained a penetrating injury on his right thigh that created marked blood loss. This injury was not a gunshot wound. Mr. Bailey injured himself on an organic wooden fencing material and or woody debris after vaulting at least one fence.


So they, they, they like, Hey, listen at me or dap me at us. Let us know what's up because we gonna respond. Okay? And they did that, that note part, the comment part was definitely in response to Young Thug's tweet because again, they got picked up, it was everywhere. So they put that to us. So yes, things will be developing and as they develop, I will be right here to give you guys all of it, all of it, all of it, all of it. There's something that I'm working on right now. I, I have reached out to Atlanta Police trying to confirm, but I have not heard back. So again, I don't want to do anything prematurely, but I will be checking as we record these extra stories. Okay? Up next on the list, there's a new Diddy lawsuit. And honestly, I'm not even gonna hold y'all.


I'm getting a little tired of the lawsuits now at this point, which is so unfortunate because there's so many women out there who actually, and men as well too, who've actually encountered sexual assault and, you know, sex trafficking and all these things that are being alleged in these lawsuits. And majority of these lawsuits have not made it to court yet. So I can't determine what is true, what is not. But some of the stuff is so outrageous and, and some of the cases and things are starting to be dropped. You know, we, there, there's a, there's a lot of different civil things that are not moving forward anymore because of, you know, some of how outrageous the claims are. You saw that first with the, the woman accuser who was 13 years old in 2000 that alleged that Jay-Z and Diddy raped her at some point, and that got dropped.


And of course I've always said that was gonna look really good or, you know, help Diddy in some extent in on the civil side of his cases because it's gonna show that people are willing to just make stuff up at this point. It's horrible. It's trash. What's happening. So let's get on the end of the lawsuit. So in this lawsuit, there's a guy, his name is Zaro Joseph. So he's claiming that Diddy strapped a penis to his face and paraded him around, oh my God, what in the hell is happening? And he says that all of this happened with some pretty famous people watching Jay-Z, Beyonce, LeBron James and Gloria Esteban saw him in, in a, in a very rare form, is what he is alleging now in the lawsuit.


And this was, was an exclusive that was broke by TMZ. Zaro, who is the alleged victim here, claims that he was drugged and transported to start island in Miami for the big party back in April. He says, at first he was dragged into the back entrance of Emilio and Gloria Esteban's mansion. Then after that he says that Emilio quickly got Gloria together because she was panicked. She was going all over the place and got her out, got her outta there, took her back out to the crowd. And then that's when this man who filed the lawsuit is claiming that he saw LeBron walking through a hallway in a bath towel. And he says that LeBron looked at him and said, y'all better do something about that. I guess talking about the penis on his head, this sounds like a boondocks episode.


This is kind of crazy. And then in the docs, he also claims that X porn star are Audria English, then took him to a secret tunnel in Diddy's mansion. He regained partial consciousness in a large party area where he noticed Jay-Z and Beyonce. He also claims that when Beyonce saw him, she asked, what's this, what's this all about? Why is this half naked white man with a cock mask standing here in front of me? He says, one, first of all, I don't believe Beyonce and all of her glory would ever say the word cock mass out of her mouth. You will not convince me on Beyonce's internet, on Beyonce's podcast platform on Beyonce's camera or her microphone that my sis would say that, okay, but again, this is not played out in a court of law, so I cannot judge he.


So then he says, one of Diddy's goons told Beyonce, Diddy wants him to see what we doing with what we do to snitches. So they were, Diddy's Goon was a explaining to Bee why this man is walking around with a cock mask on. And they said that this was all a part of his punishment. Now the accuser is claiming that he was forcibly paraded through multiple rooms, filled with tons and tons of people as people like basically taunt to him cheered did all, did all the things. And he says, did he ordered him to be degraded? Calling out. He's gonna find out what we doing when people get, when people are snitches tonight, get him undressed. So then he says that he was stripped of all of his clothes and he was made to put on a small black thong bikini bottom and a black leather mask with a rubber damn forcibly inserted and zip closed over his head.


This is really like whoever this person is that wrote this lawsuit. Low key. I think there's a right or room at Tyler Paris Studios that could use you because this is crazy. He says A locking sex device was affixed to the mask protruding from his mouth with Diddy and Audria allegedly subjected him to degrading and non-consensual acts. He says later in the night he came across a celebrity jeweler, Jacob Aruba, who he says was visibly disturbed by his attire. He claims Jacob asked, what's this? What's going on with this guy? Why are you standing here staring at me with a penis strapped to his face? So basically everybody he was running into was like, yo, what's up with the pee pee?


And the wee wee on the face face. Then he says that Emilio again intervened and told him that, you know, this is how Diddy's goons has people out here running around when they think that they need to be silenced. And then he says, Jay-Z, Beyonce, LeBron, Gloria and Jacob are not included in the lawsuit as far as like they're not actually being sued, but their names are just mentioned when the alleged victim is telling his story of what happened. Now, it is true that Diddy did throw a 17th birthday party for his son back in April, 2015. And he is basically saying, this guy is saying that that birthday party was a coverup because this was a free call.


But according to reports, the event that this man is alleging doesn't match what the prosecutors have as a part of the federal indictment. They alleged that the freak officer involved Diddy, a male sex worker and another woman. So if you guys remember when all, when everything first came down and they gave their description of what the freak officer would be, and in this description of what the prosecutors are saying, or the feds are saying that the freak officer would be, they're also saying that this was corroborated by multiple witnesses and it was like the same thing everywhere you went, there was different lights, there was the baby oils, there was the male sex worker, people were given drinks. So this is like completely, completely different.


Now I will say TMZ did a little thing here because at the bottom of their story they did a little Google search because they wanted to see like if the dates add added up because there were specific dates in here. And what they found was that Jay-Z was actually in New York on April 1st, 2015, and that's supposed to be the date of the birthday party. And they know that he was there because there was a speaking engagement that he actually did for title then. But this guy is going after Diddy, Emilio Audria and Diddy's alleged drug rule. Brandon Paul, that's the guy that was locked up in Miami and they found the drugs in his bag when all this, all the raids and stuff first happened with Diddy and a few others. He's suing them for human trafficking and he's seeking damages.


So he wants to be compensated for what he, he's saying he's, he's going through now Denny's legal team, this is their statement. They say, this complaint demonstrates to deprived links. Plaintiffs will travel to garner headlines in pursuit of a payday. No sane person reading this complaint could credit this story. Mr. Combs looks forward to having his day in court. Let me know how y'all feel on Twitter, on Instagram as you're listening to this and you tag me. So that is something else that we are gonna be following and watching, but just new Diddy cases in general. And the next big cultural moment might be Diddy's trial. It's gonna be crazy, but we gonna be there. We gonna be tuned in, we gonna be locked. Okay, so in my last story I, I wanted to touch on the, I don't know if I'm saying his name correctly, the Luigi Mango.


That's the guy who, the boy who killed the United healthcare CEO. So he could potentially be facing a death penalty. So the Attorney General, the attorney general's name is Pam Bondy, is directing prosecutors to seek the death penalty for Luigi. Now this prosecutor is basically saying that one of the federal charges against the United Healthcare killer murder through the use of a firearm makes him eligible for the death penalty if convicted. Now in her statement here is what the prosecutor, the federal prosecutor said, said, the UnitedHealthcare killer murdered Brian Thompson, an innocent man and a father of two young children and it was premeditated in cold blood.


Oh, they not, they have no sympathy for him in cold blood. They called it a cold-blooded assassination that shocked America. The statement then continues after careful consideration I had. Now this is Bondy, attorney General Bondy is the Attorney general, and she's saying that after careful consideration, she has directed federal prosecutors to seek the death penalty in this case as we carry out President Trump agenda to stop violent crime and make America safe again. Now, let me tell y'all something. I know that you know, the United Healthcare murder has been propped up in position as its hero who was fighting for, you know, the middle class and the lower income and all of that.


People who don't have good healthcare, whatever, whatever baby this Attorney general don't care about none of that. So we will have to, you know, continue to stay in lockstep with this story as well too to see what happens. But I promise y'all, if he does get the death penalty, I don't think he's afraid of that. I think that he's going to go out in a way like, I don't know, you know, whether it's release something, the final words that will be reported that he had, like whatever the case may be, he's gonna go out like, like he thinks he's Tupac 'cause that he been standing on it hard, okay? In hard bottom shoes, white T-shirt.


Like what's up squabble up, what's Coast Vibes like? He's been standing on the, the business. He thought he handled hard. So we'll let you guys know where that ends up when I post this on Instagram. You know, you guys hear the audio comment tweet at me, Lauren la Instagram, I'm Lauren la Rosa, I'm Brown girl grinding TikTok, I'm Lauren Rosa iconic. Come and talk to me. But thank you guys. Make sure you are subscribed. Make sure you're telling a friend to tell a friend that this is your number one go-to spot for daily news breakdowns. Okay, we're breaking it down. My name is Lauren Rosa. I'm the homegrown, knows a little bit about everything and everybody at the end of the day, I always say this, there is so much to talk about and y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it.


And you chose to be right here with me. So you know, I appreciate you. I ain't got nothing but love for you. I will see you guys in my next episode.