
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake that ass up early In the morning. The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news on Thursday night Football. The Packers take on the Lions at eight 15. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. There is a big story developing out of New York. I'm sure you guys have heard all about it. Y'all doing okay this morning? Yes. Up there. Alright, so this story outta New York as the search continues for a man who gunned down United Healthcare, CEO, Brian Thompson in Manhattan. Now the suspect in Wednesday morning shooting ran off and ultimately jumped on a bike e-bike and rode into Central Park.


But police have surveillance video of him and are hoping to catch him quickly. Now, NYPD Commissioner Jessica Tisch spoke publicly yesterday about what they saw on the video. Let's hear more from Jessica Tisch. Many people passed the suspect, but he appeared to wait for his intended target. The suspect fled first on foot, then on an e-bike and was last seen in Central Park. We will not rest until we identify and apprehend the shooter in this case. So investigators say, well, go ahead. Nah, I was just gonna say, I don't think they gonna find that guy because that guy is not meant to be found. Like he's giving. That was yeah, that was clearly a a, a targeted hit, right?


Absolutely. Yeah. Got Silence, silence on his gun that I don meant to be found. Yeah. Well, a motive is not clear. They do believe that Thompson, of course, was targeted, as you mentioned. Yeah. Like you said, there was a silencer on the gun. In fact, he even cleared the gun. So the police are, and investigators are saying this guy is actually a professional so he knows what he's doing. NYPD Chief of Detectives, Joe Kenny says three shell casings, three live rounds and a cell phone were found at the scene. The words denied defendant and deposed were reportedly etched in the shell casings discovered by detectives on the scene. I believe Lauren reached out to law enforcement. What? Yes. Deny, defend, depose.


So it is He Wrote that on the bullet. No, no, No, no. Well, we're not saying that he wrote it. Whatev we're saying is that detectives have discovered right or reportedly discovered that shell casings at the scene had those deny defend and deposed words etched into them. So let's hear more from NYPD Chief Detective Joe Kinney on what they found at the, on the scene and in the video. This does not appear to be a random act of violence. We are seeking information from the public to will help identify the shooter. We're working through that cell phone, obviously we'll be processing it forensically. And as far as words being exchanged, we do not have audio of the incident. We only have the regular video. He ignores numerous other pedestrians, approaches the victim from behind and shoots him in the back.


The shooter then walks toward the victim and continues to shoot. It appears that the gun malfunctions as he clears the jam and begins to fire again. Very scary. Hold on Now. So, so, so, so, so the shell casing said deny defender polls. And just like the news report said, I read the gun jams and he, he kept shooting. Oh yeah. He cleared Twice. He to clear he cleared it. He was able to clear the jam and, and keep shooting. Yes. So he shot four times. Four times. Right. I heard the man got hit. Yes. Yes. So Kenny says, the video showed the, of course, that the mask suspect was dressed in dark cloth and a distinctive gray backpack. So of course You know they're looking for him of the, and of course the victim.


50-year-old Thompson, he was shot multiple times and later pronounced dead at a hospital. He was in town for an investor conference. And a $10,000 reward is already being offered to find the suspect and look for You know in, in terms of helping find the suspect. So Very, very scary. If you look at the video Piece to that man, man, Absolutely. If you look at the video, there was a, a, a woman standing right next to the, to the guy that got shot where You know if he missed, she could have got hit. But you could tell it was a target hit. 'cause he, he didn't, he was, he had one in one intention and he was out The way he walked down. He wasn't gonna miss, like, he, he saw the woman and it was a person in the car. You saw the, there was a black truck on the left. Black truck. Yeah. Yeah. They, they were like about to pull out and then they stopped. Yep. Yeah.


And the fact that he took off on a, on, on a, on a city bike. No, they, they said it wasn't a city bike. They said it was an e-bike. They said if it was a city bike they would be able to follow where it went. But they said it was an e-bike, not a city bike. Yeah. Like I said earlier, I don't, I don't think they gonna find that guy. 'cause that guy's not meant to be found. I Reached out this morning just to check if they had any leads or anything like that and, but nothing that they would give me. Hmm. What did the fourth ca shell cas, how many shell cas did you find? You said they found three. Three, yeah, they Found three shots. Oh, okay. Because I, because I thought I read that he got the, the, the, what's his name, Brian Thompson got hit in the chest four times. That's what I thought I read. Yeah. But that would've been, I was, well, go ahead. Go ahead Lauren. I thought it was a leg, a leg shot. A leg shot, back shot and one other shot. Yeah. I thought it was three shots.


Two in the two in the back and one in the leg. I thought they said And the bullets said, I didn't hear that part. Deny defend that Came out this morning. Yeah. NBC is reporting. I think New York Post reported it too, but I couldn't confirm that either. Yeah. Wow. Deny, defend, pose. So You know that should I don't know. I don't know. Give detectives, I guess some lead in terms of You know, maybe a motive. So. Yeah. And that's, that's very scary. Like you said. Absolutely. It was 6 45 during rush hour. People are like, the city's packed at, at 6 45, 7 o'clock. So very scary. And the, and and what I'm hearing too is that that meeting actually continued. That meeting went on that You know those other members of that board con pretty much, not to say stepped over him, but they, that meeting continued. So I Think they didn't know though.


'cause in one of the articles I read for New York Post, they basically said that during the meeting people started getting alerts and they were like freaking out and one guy had to stop and say, okay guys we're dealing with a medical emergency and people stopped to call their families. Like I think they found out in real time as we did. Well Question how could they find out in real time? They still had to walk in the building. They ain't see all of the, the, the police cars and everything. They did, but they didn't know what it was. They Might not have known who it was because at first we got the report that someone was shot. It wasn't until like 30, 45 minutes later here in the building, I got an alert from CCBs News that said the who it was Identified him that it was one of the dudes in the, in a truck that fell out the truck that they thought he got shot. 'cause that was the first thing they sent the picture of a garbage truck. Like one of those, those loading trucks. Yeah. And they said somebody got shot.


So that was the first report and then it came out later that it was somebody else. So they probably, like you said, they probably found out in real time. I know one thing. What's the point of watching that video too? Like I I, I you're not a detective. Like I, I have no reason to want to see that video. I kept seeing that video pop up. I'm like why would I watch this? Alright, well people are watching it to see if they can identify 'em or if there's any clue that they can see what it was. That's how people identify people and People watching that because they sick and we love violence as a society. I don watching video. I Watched it because I just need to know as a reporter, And I ain't trying to identify nobody. Mm. Alright, well that is front page news. I know we went over time Morgan, sorry about that. No, no worries. But we'll talk more at 7:00 AM about what's happening in Washington with the new president. Wake that ass up in the morning.


The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news now in Thursday night football, the Green Bay Packers are taking on the lions at eight 15 now. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Envy Charlemagne Lauren. Hey girl. Good morning. Peace Morgan. Hey y'all. Okay, so yeah, let's get into it. President elect Trump. Well he is asking to have his criminal election interference case in Georgia thrown out. Trump's two federal cases have already been tossed and he's attempting to do the same with his hush money case in New York.


The president elect is accused of attempting to overturn the 2020 election results in Georgia. And a court filing lawyer, lawyer Steve Sato said the case should be thrown out before Trump is inaugurated in January. Meanwhile, the president elect is scheduled to sit down for his first network interview. NBC's meet the press. That'll happen on Sunday. The network says the interview will show moderator Kristen weer and it will be taped on Friday and then air Sunday morning. Clips of the interview will be released prior to the show. Weer interview Trump for NBC news in September of 2023, which ended up being his only network sit down during the 2024 presidential campaign.


Now in other political news, president-elect Trump's embattled pick for defense secretary was on Capitol Hill yesterday. Pete Hegseth, he met with senators who will decide whether or not to confirm him. Let's hear Heep make his plea. Make sure that we're putting the war fighters first. That's what Donald Trump asked me to do. Your job is to bring a war fighting ethos back to the Pentagon. Your job is to make sure that it's lethality, lethality, lethality, everything else is gone. Everything else that distracts from that shouldn't be happening. That's the message I'm hearing from senators in that advising consent process. And it's been a wonderful process. Now despite a report that he could be replaced, as you mentioned yesterday, Charlamagne by Florida governor Ron DeSantis Hegseth said he is not withdrawing his name from consideration.


He is is embroiled in multiple misconduct allegations. And the Washington Post reports that Hegseth will in fact visit Trump today at his Mar-a-Lago estate in Florida. So we will keep you posted on that. This comes as congressional Republicans are setting their sights on President Biden's head of Citizenship and Immigration Services blaming her for the surge of illegal immigrants over the past four years. He says, excuse me, California Congressman Tom Lin says The agency has bent the rules to allow as many people into the country as possible. Let's hear more from California Congressman Tom McClintic For the first day of Biden's presidency, U-S-C-I-S adopted policies that transformed temporary programs into defacto permanent residency programs.


For example, temporary status for victims of a hurricane in Honduras that occurred 20 years ago. This is illegal chain migration on steroids all made possible by an agency willing to contort and ignore the law. So he went on to say that nearly 8 million immigrants, illegal immigrants rather have been allowed to stay in the country while they await a hearing. And that has overwhelmed social service agencies and hospitals director er ea shot back at the hearing saying her agency acted with integrity and migrants have fueled the economy instead of actually You know taken from it. Any thoughts on that into the next story? I think Everybody needs to enjoy the holiday season, man.


Everybody needs to enjoy the holiday season. Enjoy. Enjoy these, enjoy these last little bits of normalcy that we have before, before next year go up. That's Right. You ain't never li you ain't never lie. Lemme tell you, it's crazy because it seems like California is not going to, is gonna go ahead and skip that whole enjoyment of the holiday. And they're getting down to business because California Attorney General, the last story came outta California. This story is also outta California. California Attorney Attorney General Rob Bonta. He's telling state institutions and their staff not to participate in anticipated deportations in under the upcoming Trump administration, but also saying that they must comply with the law. He went on to say his office provided print guidance about what is expected. Let's hear more from California Attorney General Rob Bonta In response to the incoming Trump administration's threats of mass deportations.


I wanna affirm that California's immigrant community has a support of my office and their families by outlining steps they can take to ensure they are not using state or local resources to support immigration enforcement. Now he spoke at a public library in San Francisco saying the law prohibits using state funds, resources or employees at state and local institutions to aid in immigration enforcement activities. So all that roundup, all that mass deportation it has to be done on a federal level is essentially what's happening in California. Now, president-elect Trump has warned that of course the crackdown on illegal immigration, including mass deportations is coming.


So get ready. Yeah. Yeah, that's pretty much wraps it up for me guys. It's a lot going on and You know it's a lot to keep up with and I'll keep, I'll keep my eyes on that story developing out of New York for you guys with the CEO of UnitedHealthcare as well. And check back in. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnews.com. Wake that ass up in the morning. The Breakfast Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film Podcast, A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Woo. Chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fam podcast on the iHeartRadio app I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know. That's right.


From Tips for Healthy Living to the latest medical breakthroughs Web MD's Health discovered podcast keeps you up to date on today's most important health issues. Through in-depth conversations with experts from across the healthcare community, WebMD reveals how today's health news will impact your life tomorrow. It's not that people don't know that exercises healthy, it's just that people don't know why it's healthy. And we're struggling to try to help people, help themselves and each other. Listen to WebMD Health discovered on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello, my unde Deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly. Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.