
Peace to the planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne THA God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions man, DB and weezy. Okay, we got the r and B money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the woman of all podcasts with Sarah Jake Roberts. We got good moms bad choices. Carrie Champion will be there with her Neck and Sports podcast and the Trap Nerds podcast with more to be announced. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses, plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this tap and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festivals.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody Got Exclusive. You know, you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in hot. All right, clap it up. Clap it up y'all. This is episode seven now in the life of Lauren La Rosa. Right now I am sitting here full face beat, just got my hair re curled. I actually just left the BET offices. I did a fire firefighter interview with Miss Carrie Hillen. Miss Carrie baby. She has the new pro project drop in called we Need to Talk on April 18th. And I spoke to her for a show that I host called BET talks. Go check out BT Talks on YouTube. It's on Bet's YouTube channel and it will be headed over to BT Plus.


But the Kerry hosting interview will be dropping soon. It probably won't be out by the time of this video slash audio wherever you're listening or hearing me. But yeah, that, you know what Emini here right now life is, it's moving. But I think I'm fine in the balance like we are in the second week, week two of the podcast. I feel like the first week of the pod was a lot of like, let's just do it. Get the kinks out, see what we like, see what we don't like. You know what Emini here hear back from you guys. The audience on the audio, the visual, the this, the that, the, that. We have our build out of the set design. That'll be, you guys will see that soon. So this is our makeshift set. We'll be here, this is our second home until, but I can't wait for you guys to see that as well. So things are happening.


You know, I'm gonna get home before 10 o'clock tonight, so I'm excited 'cause I'm gonna get to sleep. Okay? But let's not waste any time because you know, I'm Lauren La Rosa. This is the latest with Lauren La and I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody. And today I am bringing you guys an exclusive and this is our first exclusive on the podcast. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Because like, it's real. We are bringing the first exclusive here. So there's been a lot of conversation around Wendy Williams. There was a ton of conversation around Wendy and if she would be within the last couple weeks if she would be taking a new capacity test or a cognitive test.


Now, I broke the exclusive that Wendy after being transported to a hospital here in New York, from where she stays at, which is the coterie, it's like a, she calls it a luxury. Wendy calls it a luxury prison, but it's like a, it's like a, a elder living space where she is on lockdown. The floor that she is in is on lockdown. So when she was taken to the hospital, she did a cognitive test where they asked her things like, who's the president today? What day of the week is it? What's your name? Those type of things. And make sure that like things are just tracking for you. And in exclusive that I broke, then I told you guys that Wendy actually had passed that 10 outta 10.


So 10 questions asked, 10 questions answered 10 questions asked, 10 questions answered and passed, right? And we, and we released that story. Now, from what I'm being told, you know, there's a, not even what I'm being told from what I've been reporting, the conservator, Sabrina Morrissey and the judge who is over top of Wendy Williams conservatorship have, you know, sat down and had a conversation and said, look, if Wendy is as miserable as she's saying, if she is as capable of making these decisions on her own, as she's claiming, we wanna make sure that we honor that according to the judge and according to the conservator. Now, Wendy doesn't feel like that.


Wendy feels like she's being taken advantage of right now. You know, she's had some pretty like stark harsh claims. And that's why Judge is like, Uhuh, Uhuh, come back, come sit at this table. Let's have this conversation. Let's figure it out. And having that conversation, the judge determined that it was necessary for Wendy to take another cognitive testing or a capacity test or a test for, you know, how well is she able to make decisions, but also testing to determine whether there's a frontal temporal dementia or not. This was also suggested by, before a judge said, yeah, we should do this. Sabrina Morrissey, who is currently Wendy Williams conservator, had actually wrote a letter to the judge saying, look, I'm being dragged through the mud.


She's claiming things that, you know, there's, it is not happening. How she's claiming it. I proposed that we pause the Annie e lawsuit in relationship to the doc that Wendy Williams had on lifetime. And we get another test. Like, let, let's just, you know what Emini here, let's, let's take this test. Let's get it outta here. Take the test. Does she have the frontal temporal dementia or not? Can she make her own decisions or not? If she doesn't have it, if she's deemed that she can make her own decisions, we'll step outta her way. Of course, Wendy will have assistance from the court, but she can appoint new attorneys, a new conservator, all of that stuff, right? So then Sabrina came out and she gave quotes to various outlets and she said that Wendy Williams denied taking that test.


Now, there was a quote in people from Wendy that said she knew nothing about what Sabrina was talking about. In more recent headlines, Joe Taina, who was the most recent attorney for Asat Rocky and his trial, his gun trial, he's also worked with Michael Jackson. Like he's, he's done some pretty notable, well-known cases like and won them. So Joe Taina has, we've also had him on Breakfast Club too. It was a great interview, go watch it. He's decided to come on to serve as Wendy Williams' personal attorney. Now the goal in him coming on and serving as his personal attorney, of course it's to get in on the guardianship. Like he wants to be the attorney that is helping to make sure that this guardianship is not taking advantage of Wendy.


But from the way that he breaks it down it's levels to this, you can't just come in and you know what Emini here, like there are certain things that have to be approved by judges and things of that nature. So while all that is working out, he's agreed to be her personal attorney. Now, in him being her personal attorney, I think that this will definitely set a a, you know, 'cause she's had, she's let go of, you know, attorneys appointed by the court, bought in a new, it was like a black woman attorney that she was super excited about. We broke that story as well. And then we also broke the story that Wendy decided to step away from that attorney, even though that attorney has still been acting in Wendy's favor. But with Joe Taina coming in, it's like, it's about to up it like you're not about to be able to play with Wendy at all.


He did an interview with, I believe it was Newsweek. It wasn't in his TMZ interview, I believe it was in his Newsweek interview. It was, it was an outlet where he said basically like, I am not even trying to like shake the room. We just want Wendy to be treated fairly. We want her to have, you know, better, easier stipulations and for her to have more say so. But in the midst of this, if that does not happen, you know what I'm saying? Like I'm, I'm willing to do kind of whatever I need to do, but it's big business over here. Y'all don't wanna see me in that courtroom. He literally has said that in interviews. So I spoke to a source close because with all of this mounting up the way that it is, I wanna know, did Wendy say no to that test?


And if so, why? Like, why say no? And if she said no, what's the plan? What is gonna happen next? Because she needs that test for multiple reasons. She needs that test because she needs to be able to prove that she can make her own decisions. As I mentioned, she needs to be, you know, able to prove that she's cognitively aware and able to live somewhere that you know, doesn't have certain stipulations and that, you know, what Emini here, like all that stuff. But also too, just to kind of at this point now figure out even how she's gonna control this a and e lawsuit for that lifetime documentary that she's saying that she did not want. Because that is on stay. And on stay basically means it's on hold for three months until this test is taken.


And then once the test is taken, a judge will determine who can make the decision of what happens next, whether it's Wendy or a conservator. So I spoke to a source who would know source very close to the situation that told me that Wendy is not against taking any testing. The thing here is, is that Wendy Williams wants to make sure that if she's going to be taking a test, that's gonna be determining whether she is, you know, cognitively impaired or not, whether she has the dementia, dementia that they're claiming that she has or not. She wants it to be fair. So she wants to get a third party independent evaluation done.


Something that I honestly think is really, really smart. And I'm gonna tell y'all why. She also wants to make sure that whoever is doing the testing when I say independent is, is not appointed by the judge because they just wanna make sure there's no bias whatsoever. So the reports that Wendy is not open to taking the test are not true from everything I'm being told is that she's open to taking it. She actually has a court date coming up on May 10th. And on May 10th they'll be having a conversation about, you know, the, the, the, the attorneys and who will be where, but also that testing and wanting an independent, you know, situation or independent testing that is not chosen or appointed by the conservator or the judge.


Now I am also told that if Joe Taco is denied the ability to work within Wendy's case, there will be legal lawsuits that will happen against the setup against the judge. Just because, you know, rightfully the way that, you know, this whole thing is set up is like it should be in the best interest of the person who needs the guidance and the structure of the conservatorship. And Wendy does not feel like this is that. So from what I am told, lawsuits will fly if this does not happen. So what, look, we gonna stay locked and, and figure out what and how that will end up once the 10th comes. Now in all of this I started thinking like, okay, so if, if, if this cognitive test, this test was supposed to happen, like what?


Like I would say like two weeks ago and it hasn't happened, right? A judge has decided we gonna hold off on this whole civil lawsuit over here against a lifetime because, and for this test, what happens if this test just doesn't happen? Like what happens if in three months? Because even though these conversations are being had about whether Wendy's gonna take this test or not, you still have three months to figure out and to submit testing and, and just different things in relation to that a and e lawsuit for Wendy, because that's how long the judge ordered for everything to hold as far as that. And that's not cut short because you know, they're trying to figure out attorneys and blah blah, blah, blah, like that three months, even if Wendy had took the test today and the test results hadn't come back for another four months, that three months is still there and they would've waited for that fourth month to, to get those results to figure out what happens next.


Not saying that that, you know, it's possible that's a long time to wait. Sure it's gonna move faster than that. But I'm just saying though, like that three months is there, it's, it's up and it's up. So I, I started reaching out And I actually spoke to Roberta Kaplan's office who was the attorney working the a e lawsuit on behalf of Wendy Williams and her guardian, Sabrina Morrissey. Now she told me a few things, but I'm actually not gonna discuss that here. I wanna have a conversation about that in the room on The Breakfast Club. So make sure you guys tune in to The Breakfast Club where we'll be discussing how everything I just exclusively told you guys first, you heard it here first, how that will affect this Grand Annie lifetime lawsuit that right now is centered as Wendy Williams and her conservative versus lifetime.


And Wendy is saying, yo, I don't want this. So make sure y'all tune into The Breakfast Club to hear that. And, and final, and in closing our last story of the day, I told you guys And I talked to you guys about the viral video of the woman in New York punching the, the, the reporter who she's not for abortion whatsoever. Now this woman, her name is Brianna, who punched the reporter. It's very, you know, for abortion and the right to do so and women's bodies and all of that. And they clash from everything that I'm being told right now. Savannah Crane, who was the woman who was doing the interview, the woman who was super, you know, pro-life, abortions are bad, abortions are wrong.


I did speak with her and what she told me was that currently she is exploring every option under the law that is available to her. So she is planning to file a civil lawsuit against Brianna for punching her on camera in that interview because of the conversation that, that they were having, I asked her if she had already obtained an attorney where she was in that process, if they're just having conversations, if the attorney is officially retained or on retainer, you know, like money is paid so things are moving. And she did not wanna disclose that at this time. However, she did tell me that they will be planning to file a civil suit, but right now what they're waiting for is they're trying to see if there will be, if there will even be at all, you know, depending on how the police's investigation goes and arrest made.


And then from there they're going to figure out everything else, the lawsuit. And, and And I knew when I saw the video, my first thought was regardless of who side anybody sits on, whether you think Brianna was right for getting with Savannah because she said she was, you know, antagonized the whole time and that the full video, you know, allegedly wasn't released. And maybe that's something I, I'm gonna call Savannah back too and ask her about is, you know, what's her response to Breonna saying, Hey girl, drop the whole video, like drop the whole video. What's up? I watched a full video of, of sorts on Savannah's YouTube channel, not just that 15 second clip of, or 15 minute clip of, of Brianna the woman who was being interviewed, punching Savannah, the pro-life activist who was doing the interviews.


And I knew, I'm like, okay, a lawsuit is gonna come no way. It's no way. But I also, I thought that I watched the full video, but according to Brianna, who was the woman who was being interviewed and said that she was antagonized, she said, there's more to it, there's more video. And she's, she's challenging Savannah to put out that full video. So tomorrow I'll be, you know, taking this to, I'm not even sure if I'll take this to The Breakfast Club or not. I think I will though. We'll do that. We'll take this to The Breakfast Club as well too, just to kind of ping pong it between the two shows. And I'll be able to, you know, give you guys another update in the realm of this, but also answer the question of like, is there a full video and where is it at? If so, so this has been the latest with Lauren La Rosa.


As I tell you guys always at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about and you could be anywhere with anybody talking about it. So y'all know I appreciate y'all whenever you right here with me. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and everybody, I'm signing out. I'm going to sleep. I'm gonna get in my bed before nine o'clock tonight. I haven't done that in a week. God is good. Thank y'all for tuning in. Make sure you tweet me at lauren la tag me on Instagram at Lauren LaRosa. Let me know. Y'all listening, let me know how y'all feel about the topics. I heard y'all, y'all said make it different than The Breakfast Club. Okay? It's different, it's exclusive. How y'all feeling now? Talk to me. I really wanna know your name. I really ooh heard.


I swear I could sing now 'cause I had one little song on the radio. I'll see y'all in my next episode. Bye.