
Need to shake up Mealtime Gorton seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more


This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join Me Charlemagne, the God for We The People in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. And you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio. They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going fast. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip hop beat station. I'm gonna be there Tuesday. I wanna talk to Detroit for a second. I'm gonna be in Detroit on Tuesday and I would like for You know some people from Detroit to join me as I sit down and have a conversation with our vice president Kamala Harris. Okay. Yes. I'm gonna have a conversation with the Vice President live on iHeartRadio You. know our listeners are very passionate. Remember the the brother tone that called up the other day? Yep. And he had a lot of grievances, a lot of things he wanted to get off his chest. I want local voices from Detroit and voices from all the battleground states to get the opportunity to ask Vice President Kamala Harris. Some questions. I know we got some pressing issues to talk about. The future of the nation is decided by who we elect. So I want to tell Detroit and the whole country don't miss an event. We are calling We The People, a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlamagne to God this Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific, right here. And what I mean right here, whatever station you are listening to me on in your market, you will hear the conversation Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific time. Now, If, you listen to us on the iHeartRadio app, there is a feature called Talk Back. Use the talk back, Mike, and send me your questions right now. Like right now, go to the Talk Back feature on the iHeartRadio app and send your questions for We The People, a conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris and myself, Charlemagne tha God happening Tuesday at 5:00 PM on iHeartRadio. That's right, yes, indeed.


Need To shake up Mealtime Gordon Seafood has you covered with the most satisfying and convenient crunch. This side of the freezer aisle bite into the golden crunch of their popcorn, butterfly, and southern style shrimp. Or mix up any main course from tacos to salads with their irresistibly crispy beer, battered filets, and classic fish sticks when it comes to easy prep restaurant quality flavor without the hefty price tag, nothing beats the fresh tasting seafood Gorton's has brought to the table for 175 years. Visit gorton's dot com to learn more This election season. The stakes are higher than ever. I Think the choice is clear in this election. Join me, Charlemagne the God, but We The People in Audio Town Hall, where Vice President Kamala Harris and you live from Detroit, Michigan, exclusively on iHeartRadio.


They'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues in the future of our nation. We may Not see eye to eye on every issue, but America, we are not going back. Don't miss this powerful conversation with Vice President Kamala Harris. Tuesday at 5:00 PM Eastern, 2:00 PM Pacific on the free iHeartRadio apps Hip Hop Beat Station.