
The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SSA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters This Friday rated art, get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Welcome to We Talk Back podcast, the production of iHeartRadio and the Black Effect Network. Talk, talk, talk. We're just too unapologetically black women with an opinion talk. Oh shit, I forgot the intro already. Hold on, hold on. Y'all wait a minute. We got a new intro hoping that We Talk Back where we encourage you to hustle hard, laugh louder and always keep it cute. So grab your coffee cocktail and crown 'cause it's about to go down. How y'all like that one? That's not good.


Y'all like that one? I like it Y'all. She Talking about Crown Royal. She talking about your crown for your head. But if you drink that, grab that too. Bitch. Yeah, everybody don't got no crown, but you know the ones that do. Congrats. Happy New Year. Happy New Year. Happy New Year aj. What you do Girl? I I I did stay up until 12. Okay. So I could catch the new year And I might've fell asleep like 1222. You was in bed asleep? Hell yeah. Listen, after I sent you that carpet cleaning video, bitch, I was outta there. You Know I love a good dirty rug ass video. Like nothing makes me happier than watch a dirty rug get clean.


I don't know why, Girl, I should be having in a choke hold don't it? Yes. It's like why that video was so long? I watched the whole thing. How Did they get that dirty? Like that's what I wanna know. Like do they just, I there's no way that was in no one's house. They're putting it in mud and just letting it sit there for days or something like That. Be or they pulling out a hoarder's house. No, even a, even a hoarder house ain't got that. I, I did see one video where they pull some shit outta like a big ass pile of trash. They pulled a rug from a big ass pile of trash and then clean it and then, but I do think people be sending them rugs to clean also. I love that shit. Thank you for sending me that. But you know what I like, but you know how to get me off girl.


What did I do for the new year? All right, so me, my mom and my sister, we watched church. We watched the Brook online and we brought that into 12 o'clock and then we ate grapes under the table. S that, So shit that was going viral. TikTok about eating 12 grapes under the 12 table at 12 o'clock so you could like manifest your husband or whatever you wanted. And we just ate one and then thought of what we wanted for each with each grape. 12 different things. And Tanya bought them big ass grapes. I'm talking about god damn grapes was big as I'm like, Well I Was full as hell trying to eat the fucking Grapes.


And then After that we went outside and we popped a little bit of fireworks and we bought a, I bought a big ass box and then we only popped like eight of them and came in the house. We was like, okay, that was cute. Let's Girl, I was in bed with a nigga snoring next. He put he, that nigga went to sleep like nine o'clock. Oh he he slept the new year in. Yes. I didn't drink. Listen, that's how I know I'm getting more mature because I used to go Like, notice how the bitch didn't wanna say old Y'all go ahead. Go ahead friend. Getting more mature. Okay, Mature. Because I didn't drink not one single L well I had been sick so I could not drink anyway, but I, a part of me wanted me like a little cocktail champagne or something.


But instead I just had my grapes and went to bed. Church, I, I like, I will participate in the church service and typically I'll go to one but go to church then the club. That's been my life, you know. But now I just saw church online ate some grapes and pop some fireworks and went to bed like a real auntie. You know, every January one I do feel new. You don't feel new. Me too. Like I just feel like, oh, I got a new start. Like I, I got a new 12 months to do some shit. Like I really be feeling like that every January one. You know what I, I, no, I still new but I don't feel as new as spring for whatever reason around March, that's when I start feeling my newness.


Well that's something About Easter. You know the Yeah, Something about the the, the flowers blooming all the dead things going on. Like the earth makes me feel new for whatever reason. So my new year really don't start, that's when I start working out. It's march. It is not January one for me. Well bitch, don't wait till March. Go to the gym video tomorrow. The back of my arm says start now Till till date. And I feel motivated too. Like so I know for sure I don't do enough protein in my diet. So now like, listen y'all, for this whole month, all I'm eating is like protein and potato.


Like salmon and potato. Shrimp and potato. Or maybe I might add a green like asparagus or something like that. Or Brussels sprouts. But I notice like when I keep like a very simple diet, I be losing the most weight. Yeah. So that's how I'm about to eat the same shit every day for this month. See what happens. Amen. Let's go, let's go. Go get y'all some potatoes while they on sale. I, I had the neurovirus And I haven't gotten on thecal but I do feel a bit slimmer from not eating for like three days. Almost three days. Like the first day I didn't eat anything and then the second day I just had some ramen noodle broth.


No noodles, just the broth off of it. And then the next day I had the same thing with rice and then I had like applesauce packets and that was it. And I feel great now. I feel like my second chin not fast. Yeah. So well That should kick your diet off in the new year, right? That Y That's the last year we died in. Okay. We changing our lives. Yeah. We not even dieting, we changing. It's a lifestyle change. Live living it. Living in What? Living it. You sound like you. We about to fuck up living it. Let's get into sins man. Amen. So Mariah Carey has a new man.


Okay. Ooh Girl, that nigga been smiling so big. That nigga is happy for 2025. Anderson pack y'all Mariah Carey. Well we assume right? People are assuming 'cause they saw them out to dinner twice now and holding hands this last time. Paparazzi caught them And that nigga showing all his teeth like Nelly with Ashanti. He Just trying to get that Christmas checkup outta her. He Look happy, he looks so happy. I hope they stay together forever. No I think she a lot man. I think Mariah Carey probably a whole fucking lot That it's just enough for him. Some men like that.


Like some men like extra women. I like Mariah Carey. Me too. So I'm, I'm hopeful for them. Did you see what Dre had to say about Mimi and Anderson? She basically said that people be having selective outrage 'cause there's a 17 year gap. Mariah cares 55 Anderson Pac is 38. Still grown ass fucking man. How you Gonna compare them old ass people to you and that young man? Like it's not the same Emini here. The age gap is the same but the maturity level is not not and that is the difference. And maybe she's not mature 'cause how do you not know that? Like now like why now these people about to be on your ass all over again bitch.


Because you just cannot compare the two. We already know that men mature way later than women already. Right? Right. So here you are damn near 40 yourself and this little boy just now being able to buy alcohol, Right? You Trying to compare the two grown ass people who've been married before with children and all that having a whole life. No it's not the same dream. It's not. It's not the same. We, Sorry but it's not the same. It's not You tried it. You definitely tried it. You can come back in 20 years and and say that but right now you just can't. If y'all still together in 20 because he might be a whole nother person by the time he gets to be 38.


Right. You know and you gonna be real old by the time. Well no. Well yeah, hell yeah girl You about 60. So her tweet was that's that's that 17 year gap. Smile go meet me with y'all elective asses. That's what her tweet was. She really think that's the same. That's crazy. 17 year gap song girl. It is a double standard. Get over it. They exist. Double standards exist because What books? Books Like I don Dunno, lemme stop. I don't even know what that is. Oh did you see Angelina Jolie and Brad Pitt are finally divorced after an eight year divorce.


It took them eight years And I guess they were separated for eight years, right? Yep. Shame. I don care Eight years right? Yes. Did one of the daughters change her name to Jolie? Her last name? The daughter changed her name from pit to Jolie. Damn. So what you did nigga Brad Pitt looking weird nowadays too. Remember how fine he was? You know he an older white man. She's so pretty. Angelina Jolie. Yeah She still look good but you know it don't always age the same. Same. Yeah we you know, white people age pretty quick anyway but I still think the women still be looking younger than the men.


Like no hair at 25. Yeah Sometimes people Shit he look weird though. He look like he morphing into some other shit. Yeah. Mm. Well I'm happy that they finally got that complete because damn eight years is a long time to be splitting up with somebody. Shit. Black people really don't get divorced. Like they may, they might be black. Maybe it's finalized 'cause they ready to marry other people 'cause that's what my mom and daddy did. Yep. Same. My momma. My mama finally filed for divorce from my daddy like a month before she married my step. That's what my daddy did. My mama and my dad were still married like 20 years after they had been apart.


Hell yeah. And got my, Would Use it as an excuse not marry nobody else. I'm already nerd, I'm still married. Shame. So every, the internet is going crazy because Eve with her family, Mr. Maximilian, she has a son with him for the, for Christmas. There's a photo out there now they posted their family photo and it's his family. Right? Because Eve is a black woman. So they're at a table in some big mansion probably out the country somewhere And Eve is at one side of the table. Her husband is at the other side of the table. Which I think traditionally like that's how she's supposed to be now she was sitting on the beanbag.


I don know. But that part how y'all run outta cheers in a mansion but whatever. Then why she get the beanbag Or maybe it's for posture. I don't know. But that's the only part that I noticed that was like weird. She's what is wrong with y'all? What? What? What's it just it. Alright. It didn't look weird Per se But Get out. It did look a bit uncomfortable because it was just, you know she white. It was one black face in that white room and it just looked uncomfortable. But that's her family essentially. So Emini here it's, yeah because Have we ever seen any other family of Eves?


Does she have siblings? Where's her mama? Where's her daddy? Like this we, when she got with this man, this is when we started seeing family. So maybe This is her family. Yes. You Know and people from New York, they just be, is she from New York or Philly? Philly. Philly. The New England people from New England. They be real strained from their families a lot of times. Like they be having living parents that they don't fuck with. Like they dead. I don even talk to them. Yes I know a few bitches from New York that do not speak to their parents and haven't spoken to their parents in years. Damn. I don They don't, I don't think they see family like we do in the south. I don't know. New York, y'all shout out to us and listen Know is that a thing up there?


New England? Because even if you need help blink bitch we need, we love you girl. We love you. Were terrible like people were Are so mean. People are so mean. You know like they were saying hateful things but she looked very wealthy. You know she looks wealthy so, And I hope she's happy, you know. But would she be happier? This is my question. Emini here. Emini here. First of all, who gives a fuck, right? It is her life to live and if she's happy, she's happy. But would she be happy if she had that same thing going on but with a completely black table?


Would it change the level of happiness or does that even matter? I don dunno. Emini here it's preference. You know for me that's what I like to see. Like you know, I'm not like one of those people who think success is living in a neighborhood full of white people for me. Like I aspire to live in an affluent black neighborhood. Right. Okay. But that may not be her thing. And I And I do feel like we might be getting a little bit more away from like race. I hope anyway in 2025. Like I'm not saying don't see race and don't see color. I'm not saying that. But love is love is it not?


Like that's our family. I'm about to start dating outside my race. Yeah you about divest out the black community. I'm not gonna divest but I'm just going to not explore. Yeah. I'm gonna not turn down white man so much. Emini here. Bitches be looking happy. I've only seen one like crazy ass like this girl who would post like her relationship with her white baby daddy and he was putting her in her baby out of an apartment when the shit got real bad. No I don't time for That. I'm didn't put that old ass white man.


If I started dating a white guy, do that mean I gotta stop flat down in my leave out and blending it together with the Goodbye. You could be yourself for real, for real with others. I think that's what black men probably like too. Like they don't have to show up a certain way. Right. To appease this particular community. Like I don't know something about a nappy weave with on a black girl with a white guy is go together. Like That social media trend is funny as fuck. It's the thing it really is. Y'all sisters like that though. Those, those are a certain type of like I think white men are just now starting to get fly girls.


Right. But we know the aesthetic of the black women that normally date white men and they act different. You know what I'm saying? Like they already act, they're already different. They From the majority from the collection. How Accumulated in a way that yeah They were born that way. I love y'all. Y'all still my sisters And I love y'all. You got any predictions for 2025? I yes I do. As a matter of fact I predict a stimulus check. I predict the stimulus check. No they Do have one $1,400 that's supposed to be coming out for people who didn't take advantage of it before but it's like only the only Dang You gotta create your own stimulus this year.


Okay. And I also predict thought I you might Get it. I got one. Oh I'm pretty sure I got a stemmy. Ooh I want stemmy swear us all every Year we should get a stemmy every January. Yeah. Yeah. And then I predict that I'm gonna get a man this year because I ate them motherfucking grapes and bitch you better work Y'all motherfuckers stay trying to manifest people. Like what I always try to focus on is like mental clarity. 'cause with that comes all the other things bitches.


Me trying to do witchcraft just to get a man all the fucking tired. Y'all skipping the money, y'all skipping mental health like get all that shit in order. We Skipping that. We want that too but But the main focus is on this opposite sex. No that ain't the main focus. That's just what I predict for this year. I predict Because you eat the great good Up laying out with your nigga every night talking about your clarity ain't nigga Abba your clarity bitch. I still be trying to work on my midst clarity every day. Don't talk shit to me because I in my too. Oh yeah my was my by nine o'clock he was asleep by that girl.


Fuck you Girl. Do you? Yes. People always want what they don't got boy until you get shit. What's your prediction? So, okay, now I said this since August, right? Baltimore Ravens are going to the Super Bowl. I don't give a fuck what y'all talk about. I feel like they are, I feel real strongly about it. Lamar Jackson has been doing a phenomenal job. They moved up from plus 1000 on the little betting websites to plus 700 now. Okay. So they're moving up. I feel like now they may I, I can't make the prediction that they'll win but I believe that they are going to the Super Bowl and they will play against Kansas City.


So that's one of my predictions. Okay. I don't know nothing about that. Let me see. I predicted I'm gonna go to a Super Bowl party And I bought this cute little jersey and it got sequence on it. You already Got it. And I hope one of the teams match the colors. I think this year is gonna start a golden age for us. Like it's gonna be a lot more technology like rapid rapidly being like put out there, you know they already got this technology right but they just introduced it to us in little spurts and act like Yeah. What about that quantum quantum calculator?


Not calculator quantum. Oh that Google has. Yeah, Yeah. Emini here. That stuff that that shit is already here. Like these things already existed. I don't believe nothing new. It is our ancestors from the future left all this shit for us And now the people who are in power and who have control of the things, they just be giving us little bits, bits and pieces every other year. 'cause you think they been didn't have like they been had cell phones, you know what I'm saying? But we got cell phones what, 20 years ago now? Yeah, something like That. Quantum computing. Yeah that's what it's, yeah I'm saying imagine like the iPhone 40 you gonna be able to See the future.


Not even just see the future go to it. The fuck airlines. I remember when we used to fly on planes bitch. No we just used our cell phone in quantum jump Basically. Yeah. I also, you know one thing I feel real hopeful about the future. Like I feel like these next few years, like America in particular gonna be the most successful. We gonna see a lot of good things but I still feel like there are going to be some hiccups, right? Oh absolutely. So I feel like there's always some fucking wicked ass man in a laboratory somewhere trying to figure out how to keep the human body alive forever and they gonna fuck up.


So you might see some zombies this year some more zombies. I already seen some zombies in real life. Some more zombies because I think they Listen like zombies who some of these drugs that these people is using got them looking like zombies already. Hell yeah. What the, what was that about Joe Button running around naked? Was he, was he on that? That's what I was wondering like yeah somebody said that said well he got in some trouble for like running down the street ass naked. Maybe he lost a bit or maybe he was on Drugs and then got arrested. The only times I ever seen like a human being running around naked, they definitely was on drugs Or drunk I I Before I have too.


But like in a secluded, secluded place where you don't have to worry about random police pulling up, Right? Same. Yeah, we definitely not ran and not even high or drunk. Just betting each other to do it. Yeah, I was, yeah I was drunk though. It was actually New Year's in England And I ran down the street naked man. Good times. Oh he might've just been having fun. Just dick slinging all out there. I hear that Joe button. Anyway after this break, you know every year we talk about like setting goals and New Year's resolution. Like that's usually our first episode, right?


But how do you actually execute on those goals? Like for me visualization is one of the the main tools I use for manifestations. So I wanna talk about As a woman, think of so she is God we gonna get into it Period. We'll be back


Peace of the planet Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker, prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic run roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh. Only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


All right, listen, I, I did try to organize this conversation a little bit so I'm not all over the place and tell me what nothing I wanna do, I wanna do. Got it. Meditation. Can we do that? Because that's one of my goals for this year. I wanna do, okay first you gotta tell me what it is. Oh excuse me. Yeah, I think I'm allergic to my cat at this point. Dang. I don know but I feel like something be going on with my damn nasal cavity. You know, visualization is just like basically imagining yourself already doing the thing that you wanna do, right? So you gotta put yourself in that frequency with your subconscious mind.


You set it and forget it. Essentially Forget it. Yeah. Like when you harping on something like wanting it to happen so bad, you kind of, it might get further away from you. You know what I'm saying? So sometimes when you just set the thing, this is what I wanna do, it's like planting a seed. Okay? Right. So if you plant a seed, you're not about to dig it up every day to see if the shit growing or not. Right? You set it and forget it and every day you water it. Right. Okay. So this is what, to me, what visual blah visualization is about. Okay. Okay. So I wanted to start by talk about the Bible, talk about God.


Okay, my fav, my favorite thing with religion. What people don't real not, I don't wanna say religion 'cause I don't wanna confuse religion with spirituality. Right? So for me I am is one of the most important just statement spirit, right? Because anything who adds to I am is what you become. So people gotta be real cr I just messaged one of my homegirls the other day because she has, she has like some some form of cancer, right? I'm Sorry but when people be like my cancer, like taking ownership of these things, you are never going to be able to release them.


It's not Yeah. Your cancer doesn't belong to you. Fuck that shit. Right? Right. So you know in 2025 we just manifest in like real good health. Amen. For sure, sure. And all good things. When I was in there praising God into the new year, I was dancing And I was like look at me dancing. I couldn't dance just a couple months ago and I'm in here dancing. You broke a sweat. So anything y'all add to I am going. This year we we're not adding anything negative to I am. So I am successful. Yeah, I'm confident. I am powerful. I am strong. I'm getting better and better every day.


All I need is within me right now. Amen. And everything else is on the way. I woke up motivated. I am unstoppable. I am an unstoppable force of nature. Doesn't that feel good? Yeah. That Ain't the god of meditation though. That ain't the part. No, I doing it. I had my eyes closed And my favorite part about, so people do different things with visualization. So you could do your vision board. I do a vision board every year or I at least update the original one I did. Okay. I subscribe to Canva.


You don't have to do Canva. You can get old magazines, cut up some pitches, put some shit together in a book. Like that's like the oldest, I think more popular thing or tool people use for visualization. Like they map out what they want using the images. So you can do that or you could draw it, draw it. Or you can just go on a computer if you got office or what's the thing? Paint. Take clip pictures from different places or use, you can use Pinterest I guess to do a vision board too. But I like the mental imagery. I like to close my eyes and already see myself where I wanna be like the, the the where I missed the mark the last time.


Like doing this when we did the first live show last year, I was so fucking nervous. I was so nervous because I didn't, I wasn't prepared I feel like Right. And then I didn't see myself there already doing the thing. And I feel like that really, yeah, I feel like that's a very important, when you got something real important to do, you need to already see yourself doing it. You need to already see what you're gonna say. You need to already see all the things. So it's almost like I already did this. You didn't appear nervous to me Girl. What? And maybe and maybe that might be something that may never go away.


You know what I'm saying? You, you may always be nervous. Maybe we need to ask somebody who performs a lot. Like are y'all always nervous? Yeah, I think I was nervous but I wasn't, I was so excited. I couldn't wait to get up on that stage. I can't wait to do it again. I can't wait to do it. Where we have more creative control over the whole thing. Like when we do our own shit, that's what I can't wait to do. And that's coming 2025 also. It's not a prediction, it's a facts. Amen. Okay, so look out for a live show show soon. And I'm, I'm already visualizing, visualizing myself doing the thing. I sent You a location too this week.


Did you see it? I'll send it to you again. Alright. No I did. I think I did. It was a, I think I did in Charlotte. Yeah, that's our first stop y'all. So mental imagery, the process of creating vivid mental images using the imagination. Visualization can be used in many ways including relaxation, using a guided imagery to keep, to help the body relax. For example, closing your eyes and imagine imagining being in a relaxed place. So what's a happy place for you? A bank.


Okay, So close your eyes and visualize yourself in a bank. Get in a big check. I'm Joking, I'm joking. Like shit, that's a happy place for me. Especially if I'm getting withdrawn but or deposited. Either one is good. I like deposits. I don't like having to take money out 'cause Emini here, I'm about to go spend it somewhere. I like me. That means I'm about to circulate it somewhere. Excuse me. Listen, I like having money to circulate. But I think a happy space for me. Home. Home. Candle light lit. Everything's clean. I got a nice little joint, a good book and a fine man next to me Looks good.


And a glass of water with a big penis. That's Your happy space. Yeah, I get that. It's some good food. What else? I need good News. I definitely like a clean environment. Yes. Nothing like a clean space. Did y'all clean up your house for listen, black people, I don't know if this a white tradition but black people, we do not let the new year catch us with no dirty clothes, with no dishes in the sink. No trash in the trash can. That house is gonna be clean for the new year. 'cause look what you feel about the black eye peas and collard greens and stuff like that. So I didn't get any of those things 'cause I'm not eating that.


No. I probably could have gotten some greens, but I, I hate black eye peas. Never ever liked them. Yeah. And I feel like they probably only taste a little good when you got the neck bones and all that shit And I don't eat that. Yeah, Your mama cooks them. Yeah, she Definitely cooks. I know my mama cooking her black eyed peas and and collard greens. I don't know if everybody else does that outside the south. Does anybody like up? No, I didn't know. Do y'all do that? Is it a tradition to make? Because Like your greens is for your money and black eye peas For your wisdom, Right? So yeah, it's like a whole ritual for New years. You do it today. Well I typically don't eat that shit but I'm gonna eat some today because 2024 turned me every which way.


But loose bitch Shame. Oh Goodness. I had a stomach virus right before the new year. Like you And a lot of other people, like what is happening? Did are those drones like dropping diseases in the air? Like what the fuck is happening? I know that thing been going around. It's, it's like a good 24 hours Emini here, then the next day you kind of weak. But that shit woo. That thing whooped my ass bad. I was supposed to go to LA for the new year, baby didn't go nowhere right at home. But I'm right where God want me to be. That's how Absolutely. And I see that. That's how you gotta look at things. You know what I'm saying? We be wanting to do so much.


If your body telling you to lay down, bitch lay down, Lay the fuck down. I ain't had no choice. I'm making some T-shirts that say I love to lay down. That is my favorite thing to do. That's your happy space? Yes. In my bed. Fresh sheets kicking my feet. Yes. So here are some vis visual. I can't even fucking talk. Here are some visualization techniques. Okay. No, I need you to say I am a good talker. I am a good talker. Okay. I am a good public speaker. Amen. Okay. Amen. And don't say I'm I am.


Hey, I am a good reader. I am a good reader bitch. I am. All right. So color breathing. It says visualize a color while breathing in and out. Now this is I guess how you get into like that space, right? Visualize a color while breathing in and out. Different colors can represent different emotions or sensations. For example, blue can promote calm and relaxation. So before you close your eyes, just think blue. Like think a blue dot or a blue ball. Blue face A blue.


It could be a blue face, a blue balloon, a blue sky, blue skies only blue face. Using all five senses. Use your sight, smell, touch, taste and hearing to help you visualize your goals. So if you're a chef, I don't know, can you smell what the rock is cooking, touching something, tasting it like you have to in your mind but still feel and smell and taste the things I already mentioned. Doing a vision board. So create a board to help you visualize your goals, sketching the goals, sketch out your goals.


And then the last one is mental rehearsal practice. Mental rehearsal to help you visualize your goals. So again, that's just you already doing the thing. So whatever your goals are, like what's one of your goals for this year? Well my goal for today after we finish recording is to go get me a new car. So while you were doing that, I was like smelling the leather. Mm. Smell the new car smell. Imagining myself driving it. So that's what I'm doing right now. That's a today manifestation. Touching the touching the wheel, touching the leather on the wheel On the road. Touching the hood of the car. Yeah, I see The both.


Yeah. Alright, so here's a brief overview of the concept of manifestation. 'cause we talk about these things, but do we really know what it means to manifest? So manifestation is the process of turning your thoughts, desires, and intentions into reality by aligning your mindset, emotions, and actions with what you want to achieve. Rooted in the idea that thoughts and energy can influence outcomes. It often involves techniques like visualization, affirmations and goal setting. So all these things have to go together. So writing the goals down with no actions behind 'em is not gonna work.


You gonna be right back here next January. One manifestation operates on the belief that focusing on positive outcomes and taking inspired action attracts opportunities, resources, and circumstances that help you bring those goals to life. It's about creating a clear vision of what you want and working consciously and subconsciously to make it happen. See, I work on, when I say clarity, it's like meeting, letting my subconscious mind meet the conscious mind. And you remember that article that came out that said people don't have like that inner dialogue? Like I talk, I have conference calls with myself all the time, but some of them, them, not intrusive, but some of them conversations could be like outta whack sometimes.


Like you be, you kind of talk yourself out of things sometimes. So programming your subconscious mind, But sometimes you gotta talk yourself out things because don't throw that baby. No bitch. I'm not talking about intrusive thoughts, I'm talking about like positive things. Like you, you wanna do something but you let your subconscious mind psych you out of it. Mm Oh yeah. Right? So it's about reprogramming your subconscious mind. It's the thing that is not at the front of your mind, right? And not allowing other people's thoughts about your goals and ideas to deter you. You know?


So vis visualization is a powerful tool for manifestation 'cause it bridges the gap between your desires and reality by training your mind to focus on what you want. It involves mentally creating detailed, vivid images of your goals as if you've already achieved them. This process engages a subconscious mind which influences your thoughts, beliefs, and actions. When you visualize consistently, your brain interprets these mental images as real experiences, strengthening neural pathways that enhance confidence and motivation. Visualization also helps align your emotions with your goals. Generating a sense of excitement and belief that makes these goals feel attainable.


By reinforcing a clear vision of success, visualization can inspire you to recognize and seize opportunities that bring you closer to your desired outcomes. Okay, that's excellent. Let's do the guided meditation. I'm ready for that part. You ready?


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery as everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic run roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne Tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right? S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets. Now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


All right y'all, let's get into the guided meditation so we can manifest all the great things for 2025. Okay. All right. So first I want you to find a quiet place. A quiet, comfortable space where you won't be disturbed. You can sit down or you can lie down in a relaxed position. Are you there? Okay. Close your eyes and take a few deep breaths, inhaling through your nose and and exhaling through your mouth. Allow your body to relax. With each exhale, I want you to now clarify your goals.


Think of one specific goal or feeling you want to manifest. It could be a personal achievement, a relationship, financial success, or a sense of peace and happiness. I want you to clearly state your goal in your mind in a positive and present tense form as if it's already happened. For example, I am thriving in my dream career or I feel joyful and at peace. I want you to create a mental scene. Imagine a vivid scene where your goal has already been achieved.


Picture yourself living in this reality. Are you there yet? I want you to engage all your senses. Bitch, I over you. Come on bitch. We gotta finish. Allall good. You good though? I like slow down though. Slow down, slow down. All right, Sight. We're engaging sight first. Okay. What do you see around you? What colors, objects, or people are present?


What sounds do you hear? Is there music, laughter, or nature in the background? Are there any scents in this environment? Perhaps flowers, fresh air or a favorite meal? What do you feel physically? The warmth of the sun. The texture of your clothing or a handshake if applicable.


Imagine a taste like celebrating with a special meal or drink. I want you to embrace these emotions. Focus on how achieving this goal makes you feel. Are you joyful, proud, grateful, or excited? I want you to now amplify those emotions, allowing them to full your entire body. Smile or even laugh if it feels natural.


Immerse yourself fully in the experience. I want you to anchor this vision. Repeat a affirmation tied to your goal, such as I am deserving and capable of achieving this. This is my reality. Now visualize this scene again briefly and mentally lock it in as though you are storing it in your heart or mine for safekeeping. Now I want you to release and trust it.


Take a final deep breath and slowly open your eyes. I want you to trust that the energy you've created is already working to attract your desired outcome. Let go of any attachment to how or when it'll happen. And carry the positive feelings with you throughout your day. Y'all. Yes, that was good. What? You saw That you saw some stuff? I don't, I don't wanna tell everybody what I saw.


Okay? But I did it while you were talking. I did everything that you were saying that was so good. What? What a way to start the year, guys, I hope y'all participated. If y'all didn't rewind it and give us another stream. Look, bitch, I can't be skipping words and messing up while I trying to read while somebody meditating line. No, that was good. They bring on rewind and fast forward and rewind and press play. My advice to y'all, if y'all need a little bit more time, pause. Pause it so you can give yourself a second to visualize those things. You Can't stop the meditation to pause the the, the recording though. Why not? So yeah, It would be a lot slower, right?


But this is just, that was just like a guide on how to get into that meditative state, okay? Right? So you could start visualizing all those things that you wrote down and you can see yourself there. You gotta mute, mute yourself in a quantum realm. Okay? I did it. We quantum jumping all 20, 25 Period. Okay? What a way to start to kick the year off. They say, they say that the, the the you, you wanna be already exist in a different universe. You just gotta meet yourself there. So that's what what I'm jumping is I'm about to meet me where, where I wanna be Already.


It's already what I wanna be. I'm about to meet that one. Amen. Period. Period. I'm who I say I'm is. Period. Alright, let's close out. Bitch. That was good. I gotta go the dealership period. Y'all. If you enjoyed this episode, 'cause we ain't change in the outro. If you enjoyed this episode, y'all tune in every Thursday on the Black Effect iHeartRadio app. Wherever the fuck you get your podcast at, it is Happy New Year. It is day two of the new year, okay? And we made it. Yes, we made it. We living, we breathing, we healthy, and we getting all the things we want this year.


Y'all with it? Or all Y'all gonna be with it? Y'all gonna watch, period. That part. Okay? I use Scrollers Instagram, scrollers watching other people live life. You trying to live in awe. It's your co-host AJ Holiday. Kick it tan. Bam. Y'all is tan. Bam. Guess what? I love y'all. I love y'all so much. I'm glad y'all back with us another year. We appreciate y'all. We gonna be coming to you live real soon. So we get to meet some of y'all that's been in the dms talking to us and everybody that follows us. We love to see y'all this year. So we are so excited for that. Can I, I'm say it What?


Oh no. Follow AJ on Instagram. AJ Holiday. Oh, I say nope. Okay, follow me. Official Tamba on Instagram. Remember, speak now And never hold. I don't know. Never hold back from going after what you want. Period. Period. Let's go get it y'all. 2025. Ew. For more podcasts from iHeartRadio, visit the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or whatever you listen to your favorite shows. The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime.


It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table.


At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details. Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content. Just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the weeks Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock. Join me Danny Trails and step into the Flames of Fright, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin. Listen to no on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm Jason Alexander. And I'm Peter Tilden. And together, our mission on The really no really podcast is To get the true answers to life's baffling. Questions like Why the bathroom Door doesn't go all the way to the floor.


What's in the Museum of failure? And does your dog truly love you? We have the answer Go to really no really.com And register to win $500 A guest spot on our podcast or a limited edition sign. Jason Bobblehead, the really no really podcast. Follow us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.