
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Black tech. Green money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like, if your neighbor State Farm is there,


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food, and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


Welcome to We. Talk Back podcast, A production of iHeartRadio and the Black Effect Network. Talk, talk. Talk to them. We're just too unapologetically black women with an opinion who Talk back. Talk. Talk. What's up y'all? It's Your girl aj. And it is 10 broke. As y'all can see, I'm broke up. Shame Y'all. I went to my homegirl's wedding. I flew back from LA 'cause y'all know I moved to LA kind of since I'm back This much. Yeah. I lived there two weeks. Came back and now I am gonna be back in Charlotte for at least six Weeks.


Yay. This the second sign though. After moving to la. Yay. Because the second day your ass was there. What happened? That was literally the first 24 hours. There was an earthquake. We on, we recording the intro for one of these episodes and this bitch computer starts shaking. She thinking the nigga fell. I Fell in the back. Oh shit. That's the earthquake. I was ready to leave then I was like, maybe I should go. But then everybody in LA was like, girl, that's la. You got that out the way. Welcome. So I just got comfortable. I came back home from my friend's wedding. I was supposed to be flying out on Thursday to go back to LA and we had a time. I mean, it was so much fun.


We had a great time at the wedding. Everybody was drunk. Open bar. Everybody's dancing. I saw 'em looking like they was ducking and bucking. Running out the bridesmaid. Yeah. It was So much fun. They lit. They started the energy off. It was lit. So it's almost time to go And. I was like kema. You didn't do the bouquet talks. You gotta do the bouquet talks. Not you initiated it. Yeah. She was like, oh, I forgot. Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna do it. I'm, I'm about to do it. So I'm like, all right, y'all move out the way bitches. 'cause I'm getting this motherfuckering bouquet. I was Lit. I was lit. I was like stretching on the dance floor. Like just me. But you want the bouquet for a husband or you just as being goddamn competitive.


Yes, very competitive. Super Competitive You know what I mean? I just gotta be like, Bitch, I'm winning at all times. But I mean, I also want the husband like, don't get it twisted. I want the husband, but it is about me just beating everybody. Beating these bitches. Yeah. That's all at the wedding. And I beat. I'm the bitch that I beat because I landed on my ankle. I jumped up like I really jumped 10 feet. If y'all go to my Instagram, y'all see the video? I jumped 10 feet in the air. I don't know who I thought I was. Obviously you thought you was damn LeBron jeans. I Thought I was Odell Beckham bitch And I bent it like Beckham For real. So I landed on my right ankle and then I hit the floor.


'cause that I heard the pop y'all, I heard that shit go pop. I was like, oh that don't sound good right there. And. I laid on the floor. And I rolled her And. I laughed. I I was wincing and laughing at the same time. 'cause everybody at the wedding is looking so I didn't wanna look like I'm in severe pain. So then I, my friend tried to help me up and she couldn't even get me up because I couldn't put no pressure on this foot. For real. So then she was like, dang, you heavy bitch. I was like, no, I just can't help you right now. So she finally got me up And I lipped off the floor. Like he so crazy. Like acting like I wasn't hurt. But then I've like, every time I tried to apply some pressure to his foot, it just wasn't happening. I was doing a little something, but that liquor had me thinking You was all Right.


Yeah. I was like, it's a little Yeah. Wings bitch. Like I, yeah, that liquor gave me wings. So I thought I was okay. I'm trying to see what time this text message came through. 'cause y'all, I'm, I'm trying to go to sleep. Okay. I had all intentions on getting out four o'clock in the morning driving to Charlotte. So we call record Labor Day? Yes. Essentially And I get a text message at 11. Late. Late as fuck. Okay bitch. I think I broke my foot because It hurt so bad. Like it, it was hurting and it was throbbing or whatever. I put ice on it and then I went to bed. And, I was like, ah, it's probably something a little sprain. I'll be fine in the morning baby.


When I woke up, my foot was the size of a, I knew That's how it was gonna be. 'cause I, the one time I sprained my fucking ankle in Atlanta, boy I fell down that big ass hill by what's the club Compound? Compound bitch and some niggas, a nigga with a bunch of bitches in the car drove by was like stupid bitch. When I woke up the next morning, my fucking foot was so big. And, I could feel my heart beating and my foot. It was like, You know You too old to be breaking shit. Right Girl. That's what I was saying. Like why didn't this happen when I was 25? This shit is stupid. That's shit. Fuck around. Come back at 60. What the problem was I had on socks 'cause I had, I brought my heels.


I forgot my slides. One of my friends let me wear her slides until her feet started hurting. And, I had socks in my pocketbook. And I just like, I just slide these on for the the bouquet toss just so I'm not barefoot on the floor. Mistake. I would've landed that shit if I had my bare feet. You know how rough my feet are. They Landed that shit. The socks that didn't be in shame. So I love y'all. I be saying that shit. But y'all need to know that I love y'all for real. 'cause this is less than 48 hours after this shit happened. And, I Amm here. You ain't supposed to be on it. Court. And. I ain't supposed to. I'm be supposed, I'm supposed to be just resting.


That's not what these comments on social media a lot. One, one nigga was like Dad, she must be single. Single and is and is is nigga. Everybody kept on comparing me to different quarterbacks and what football team I need to be on this shit Shaaba. I hate humans man. My motherfuckers is funny as hell man. I be running to the comments. My dms went hammer. It went crazy. So niggas trying to carry You. Yeah, there's a lot of niggas in there trying to, some bitches in there Too. Like you Don't even need no nigga. I'll come help you girl please. So I got six weeks. I got six weeks.


Well six plus weeks. So the doctor said like, because of where the break is, like something about my, the blood supply in my foot. And I gotta put no pressure on it. And I'll go back to the orthopedic doctor in four weeks to see how it's healing and if I need a screw. Mm Lord. So y'all pray for me that I don't need no screw in my foot. Yeah. 'cause that's gonna be six plus how many weeks? Yeah, after for that shit to heal. Yeah. So hopefully see What you gonna do now you going back to LA No I can't. I I mean I'm eventually I'm all my shit is in La You know not a a lot of my stuff. I took a lot of things with me. So I had my, 'cause I was You know I didn't pick a apartment yet.


That was what I was going to do when I, once I got back I was in an Airbnb, which I had for another 30 days. But I went and got my, my homegirl is like as we speak, going to take my stuff out of there and take it to her house. So I don't pay for a month, a whole month. You there that I'm not gonna be there. So I'm just going to be living out of the stuff that I brought with me for the wedding. So if y'all sleeping recording in two weeks in the wedding, A wedding dress, You know the fuck. Why? Because I Ain't got no clothes here. And yeah. So I'm just gonna go, I'm just so grateful for my mom. I'm just gonna go to her house. Mm.


And Luckily Enough. Y'all pray for me. No, my momma love me down and she but You know it is grown. But When the last last time you lived in Yeah. Grown women in the house. She gonna be like, I don't give a fuck about that foot. You better wash that dish out the mother to fight. Bitch why voice me coming from that? You be putting on. I know because she don't even sound like that. That's just how she sound in my head when she talking Shit. You going, I'm gonna break the other one. If, you keep putting shit in my sink. So You know. I mean that'd be interesting. Yeah y'all we wanted to talk about Daddy Issues it well we need, We need to talk about mommy Shit because you about to experience this bitch.


I done been there and never ever ever them people different man. You, you see your parents as superheroes until you realize them niggas as humans, they regular People And they be having all their little bullshit with them. So good luck my nigga. Bitch This shit look like a transformer on the bottom of my foot. I just hate this. For me just putting on clothes like you never realize how important two feet are until you Yeah. Losing Limbs and losing stuff. Yeah, Just washing my ass Was just Such an obstacle today. And not having like, like I, I'm staying at my homegirl Sean House.


Y'all shout out to Sean. Sean has been like an angel to me like really helping me out so much. And I know she did not sign up for that And I know I was like starting to get annoying 'cause I downloaded the Bell app. And I started hearing No you didn't. I was just playing. She was like, bitch I will throw that phone over the motherfucking balcony. I was like, I just one more thing. You put me some crypts at this morning when I woke up she was like, are you hungry? Why don't you get yourself up and make yourself something to eat? Then Christina she gonna put you in that bathtub gone. She gonna put you ass in the bathtub bitch and leave you.


Oh. So I'm gonna get up out of there tomorrow. 'cause I never wore out my wealth. But you lose a friend. Yeah, exactly. So, but that's when You know who's your friend When people come through and talk Jan Denise like that When you got one foot. Yeah. Shout out to Sean. Shout out to Sean. For real. Hmm. How was your weekend? Let's talk about your weekend in the, in the intro. What did I do this weekend? I don't think I did much of anything. For real.


Here's the little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at and t and they're best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. It's so good. In fact, it'll have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down the street level and learn how to snag a new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at and t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy S note or Z series smartphone Limited time offered 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


The Following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Hello. Officer You know why I pulled you over? No, I pulled you over because I just had to tell you about High five Casino Hot up1@highfivecasino.com. A social casino on your phone. Increase spins cash prizes. Three daily reward over a thousand games@ifivecasino.com. So Do I get a ticket? No, it's a warning to play I five casino. Woohoo. Have you had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. I five casino's. A social casino. No purchase necessary but we're prohibited to play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details. High five Casino, this is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Victoria Cash And. I Wanna invite you to a place called Lucky Land where you can play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. So what are you waiting for? The best way to discover your luck is to spin. So go to lucky land slots.com. That's lucky lands slots.com And get lucky today at Lucky Land no purchase necessary. VTW Group Boyd we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Kept both of your fingers there. Not really thinking. So Monday was was damn Labor Day And. I was on the road. Labor Day. I didn't do much. I shit you didn't hang out over the weekend prior to the Monday? Hell no I was all y'all AJ be lying. AJ do not want y'all to know her business. I be on Amazon buying a whole bunch of cat baby things. That was about it. Oh yeah you got, she got a new kitty y'all. It's cute. It's so cute. That's all. I ain't do shit this weekend. For real. My Oh I'm lying. Okay. I do be lying. I maybe I just be forgetting like I do things and so my home girl, my best friend Priscilla, her birthday was on the 28th of August.


So we did have a little shedding celebration on Saturday crabs. We had some blue grab. I made my little stuff vegan stuffed shells for the people. I be having to take my own food places just to make sure I got something to eat 'cause I don't eat chicken and all that bullshit. So I brought a big ass pan and stuffed shells. We had all just drunk bitch. I was on shrooms. This is probably why I be forgetting. 'cause y'all, I can't wait till Fridays to take shrooms. Every Friday I be on shrooms bitch. I be in here looking in the mirror. And. I realize that. Not in the mirror. I realize that I'm never still You know.


So when I'm on shrooms, it's just weird. Bitch. I be writing a bunch of shit. And. I be looking in the mirror a lot like, like doing real self, real shadow work type shit. You. know what I'm saying? Like scribing. It's a scribe. The marriage. So that's happy birthday Priscilla happy Related my friend. She, she went to, where did she go? Out St. Croix. Her and her little, her little boo. She posting niggas on social media Now I seen Girl. Oh you locked in, locked in Mysterious ain't it? He was there too. Yeah, she got, she got a little New York little ting. I hear that. Nice guy. I'm so happy for my friend.


She deserves all the nice things. Amen. Amen. Yeah. So that's what I did. We celebrated her this weekend on Saturday and then Sunday is just a big blur. Let's get in this stupid internet news though. Alright, I wanna start on a very great note. If. you see these TSR daddies that the Shade Room posted with this? She want a bake dog. She don't want no puppy. She want a bake dog bus. Busman, DLO song. Girl. Girl, y'all. These series Of black men. Okay? Yes. A black man's back is high. No, God is fucking real.


Okay. These, these men gorgeous men. These, I was smiling the whole time and one of my friends who got no business sending me to send shit to me 'cause she's very, very fucking married bitch. And she was like, I gotta shit this with somebody Girl. They are, I'm looking at it right now and it's just nothing but beautiful black man. Oh my God. My vagina thumping The last nigga though. I'm mad. You was standing on some, a stool or something. Why your knees that far up the damn mirror? Boy, you standing on something. But these some nice looking men. I need, I need a redo. We need to see what's the next group of men.


The nigga out. Yeah, they need to do this every month. Gorgeous Black men. Y'all know black men got like swag. That's why everybody loves black men. 'cause it's just something with they aura that everybody Love 'em. Everybody wanna touch. I'm about to go follow all these. Every I like them them. I'm gonna tell you I like that first nigga. Ooh. The first and the second. Yes. And the third. Just gorgeous. Like why you shaped like that? How you look like that? If y'all man go to go to the shade room. What date was that posted? That was all right. If this, when this come out it'll be seven days ago.


Look for seven days ago ladies. And get you a eye full of God's goodness. The the Lord is my shepherd. He know what I want. Amen. Amen. Mr. Sean Wells number one. Yes. Let's shout these niggas out. Bam cam under y'all visuals Say that. Bam. Bam. Underscore visuals. I feel like that one for me. Bam. I'm tam bam And he bam. Cam we But I wanna be bodied by Brandon.


Underscore. Yes. Okay. Yes. Follow him. Follow him. 'cause he fine too Dominated. 4, 2, 6, 6. Ooh, We need to be Terminator. 4, 2, 6, 6 mm Girl. We just sound like some thirsty auntie Right now. This sound like them phone calls from prison. Yeah. What's up? This your girl aj. I'm number 4, 5, 2, 6. Just looking for a friend. Looking for one of these niggas.


Lemme stop. I get beat up girl. You, you On the mic, Right? I'm just playing baby. Anyway, anyway. I'm a fraternize nigga. Better know that fucker with me. Okay? Don't touch my phone. And. I won't touch yours. Okay. All right. Period. So, Oh Look at this. So I saw this over the weekend. A woman paid a man back with a foursome for buying her and her two friends. VIP tickets to Usher concert. And they went 11 rounds. Sounds like a good time. Sound like drugs. What kind of drugs y'all was on? It wasn't Really 11 rounds, it was just 11 condoms.


Oh. Perhaps Because that's how it reads a little bit. That that, that makes sense to me. Like nigga, you swapping condoms out. You ain't, you ain't went no 11 rounds with three bitches. I don't believe it. Oh no. She shared a photo of 11 open skin condoms. So it's just like he was switching up for each girl. I guess they were like keeping it safe. I don't wanna see Usher that bad. I wanna see Usher, but not that bad. And I wanna, did she feel like she had, that's like that's all you had to pay back with. Like you just, she they just wanted to do a threesome.


Yeah, because he, he didn't request that. 'cause it's saying as a token of appreciation for his consideration, his considerate gift to her and her friends. She planned to surprise him with a special experience that all the girls agreed upon. So he didn't say, Hey you hos wanna see Usher. Y'all got a pee pussy. Right. No, he didn't say that. He, he just was able to receive that as a gift for these usher tickets. Damn. Mm. I couldn't imagine. They just some freaky, freaky frogs and they just needed a reason. Hell yeah. It says she described this as one of her top three most best experiences giving it a perfect 10.


Outta 10. She does recommend she provided additional crucial, crucial information that was omitted in her first statements. She says there was one man and three women. Yes, we ran a train on him. Yes it was consensual. Yes. He enjoyed it. Condoms were switched between partners skin. Condoms don't smell like rubber. If. you are if they're lubricated naturally or otherwise. I like skin condoms. Is it a train though? Because men would've considered that a threesome. If, you eaten all these Coochies. We ran a train on you. Yeah, If. you ate everybody out but didn't everybody kissing and shit.


That's a lot of, But if it was one woman and three men it would be a chew. Chew. We had an episode about that. Yeah, it's a train. Why Is that a double standard? Yeah, because Remember AJ Johnson who played Tyrese mama and baby boy. She said for her 50th birthday she had a threesome with two of her good guy friends and she loved it. She had a train ran on her with two of her good guy Friends. You know. I know women that enjoy that. I have a, I say it often. I have a client who goes to Jamaica annually to get trained.


What is the psychology of that? She be like, oh yeah, one dick in my mouth and one dick in my pussy. Yes. You remember that? It was a girl on social media. Not me once on a podcast saying how most women fantasize about that or have done it. Most women have had a train ran on them. That's not true. Who? That's not true. Who? My closest friends have never had a train ran on them. Never. That don't even sound appealing to me. Yeah. I do not prescribe to that. That sound like hard work, Right? I barely can suck one dick. Imagine me trying to do the back head bunks on two. Absolutely not trying to, trying to Couldn't does not sound pleaing.


Yeah but to eat their own You know whatever gets you off. Hey, more power to you. Yeah, but it will be at my house. No. Yeah. So stop putting bodies in our coochie. Okay? We like to accumulate our shit one by one. Yeah. Nobody doing two at a time. Three at a time. That math is wild girl by Oh goodness. But Shout out to old girl and her crew. Okay. Ran Train On nigga. I was, that's what I wanna know, Right? He probably, he probably was hot and bothered by the end. You see that they was accusing Usher having a body double come out That did not look like Usher. It did not. That didn't look like great. Beyonce got a good one. Beyonce got a good body.


Double Usher. Need to get a new one. Yeah, his body double looked. Who? Who the fuck was that? That nigga couldn't even sing. That's his uncle. That's his uncle. His face was too small or his neck was too skinny. Something wasn't right. That was not Usher. What? What Do you think his name is? Nuther. Alright. Not your, What other It is Ushers in the church And what else is there Girl? I don't know. You go to church, you should know The pastor. Yeah that's pastor. That's the pastor. That ain't the usher at all Girl.


Who was that? I don't know but I hope that's not the show they gave they pussy up for. Didn't even see Usher. Bitch Y'all just wanted to behold so Bad you seen the pastor. Oh Goodness. So fans are accusing Rashida and Kirk Frost of having a fake cheating scandal after Jasmine Blue, which is Kirk's baby mama. Remember on one one season at 11 hip hop he had a baby with this girl. Jasmine Blue shares Labor Day posts. They've been in cahoots the entire time. So it says a 34-year-old loving hip hop star known for her affair with Kirk Frost that led to the birth of their son recently posted a photo of a Labor Day meal, barbecue chicken, baked beans and mac and cheese prepared by Kirk and his wife Rashida.


The caption read she add them, she add Kirk, she add Rashida and said put they foot in this food. So Frost 1 1 7 and Rash and at Rashida put their foot in his food. The Post has sparked doubts about the ongoing storyline on the show where Jasmine Blue has been claiming that Kirk Frost is still attempting to cheat on Rashida with her even providing a text message evidence to support her allegations. It says fans are now questioning if the drama is being staged for entertainment purposes with many voicing their concerns on X formerly Twitter. Given the seemingly friendly interaction between Jazz and Blue. Kirk Frost and Rashida behind the scenes, one fan commented and said it's the fake storyline for me.


Why do they keep playing on their playing with their marriage like this? They aren't embarrassed. Another addict, they've been in cahoots this entire time, believe it or not. Why might as well make a bad situation good and keep getting the bag rash. She ain't going nowhere. Okay And first of all, ain't shit prerecorded y'all might see at the end of the season that they made up the Fuck right? That part okay. Yeah. It ain't like they recording like we doing this show Last fucking minute. No, we actually been doing better. Okay. We be Yeah we do be like, like body show you early. It's just we can't do them in advance.


Right. Because we dunno the future. So I, what I do know is that Kirk is an Aquarius and Rashida is a Gemini. Okay. She got a high tolerance with some bullshit. That's why she stole with with Kirk and Kirk was that nigga You. know what I'm saying? So she probably stole like that's that's her. That's her person. She ain't going nowhere. Yeah she not going nowhere no matter what. Yeah. So fuck y'all and yeah we gonna be one big happy family. 'cause liking or nod this child exists. Right? Okay. I got, I got a step churn And. I churn exist I got But I want, I take some at this point. Yeah like I don't got no problem with the step churn. I done, I done beat that nigga up couple times.


I'll be all right. I they life look nice. Okay. They they doing whatever they wanna do. I just know Kirk is manipulative as a motherfucker. Boy I don't watch the show no more. I stopped watching Loving Hip hop many, many years ago. I don't think I'm the target audience anymore. Yeah, I, the only time I really watched it is like for this podcast like If you had to talk about something, this shit and Real Housewives of Atlanta. I really don't watch reality TV like that. I don't watch reality TV anymore either. I don't think because It's not reality. It should be, I be still scripted.


I watch like those shows on Netflix like the one or Love Is Blind or You know that shit Love at First Sight. I watch some of that but then I don't really be getting into that like I used to. So All that shit is weird to me. I like scripted shows. I like sisters. Sisters got me in a choke hold right now 'cause you sound Like my mama. Yeah I wa I like that. I'll watch that Your Honor. That was really good. I Gotta find that series. So right now I am catching up. It's on Netflix. I, I don't have Netflix so I gotta get in where I fit in. So right now I do have Disney Plus and Hulu through my Verizon cell phone. Oh If.


you got Hulu. Hulu then you should watch Reasonable Doubt. That's good. I'm gonna check it out. But I'm watching. I just got into the hands May Tale Bitch You ladies, you watch that Series. Yes. Well You know I watched TV for educational purposes, not entertainment. This shit is deep as fuck that TV show and if anybody watched that shit and thought that was just like, oh it's just entertainment. No they showing you what could fucking be That the yeah the future. That shit is weird to me and is to, it is actually really demonic to me. But I've already committed And. I already started watching And I gotta see it through. But a lot of parts of it I'd be like okay I'm not watching this tomorrow.


It be making me feel some type of way. Like spiritually I got, I gotta step away from that shit. Like the, when that bitch took her to see her daughter like for the first time when they raped her when she was pregnant. I'm like yo, this is very wild. This TV show, this is dark. It's dark as fuck. And then, and then what also doesn't sit right with me and just right quick you got this white lady who took this black lady fucking husband had a baby with him like that bo that that that part of the story bothers me right there. Yeah she left The World and now that baby gonna have This woman Daddy Issues.


Which brings me to her topic today. We talking about having Daddy Issues and some of the signs and triggers and all those things. So y'all stay tuned and listen and see If you got Daddy Issues like me and aj. I don't got no Daddy Issues back. Okay y'all we're back And I couldn't really find a clear definition of what? I don't know the scientists say Daddy Issues actually is but I guess people display You know certain type of behaviors when they may have Daddy Issues, And I feel like it's some scapegoat shit when a nigga playing with you automatically you got Daddy Issues.


Well men can have Daddy Issues Too, right? No absolutely. Yeah but I'm, we, we women so absolutely men actually have Daddy Issues over mommy issues. I think they kind of blame Mama for Daddy not being there. But that's a whole nother episode anyway. So the first thing it says dating older men. Oh that's how You know you. Oh Yeah. That might be one of the signs of having Daddy. Issues. Yeah my daddy, my daddy wife is like 45, 46. That nigga is 73. See Like that. She the Same age as one of my sisters. Her daddy in her his seventies. Right? Yes. My daddy is 73. That nigga gotta be 74 this year.


Well you turn that your thing down wrong. Ain't No way you throw smashing. It ain't no fucking way. My daddy You don't know. I don't know Viagra. I fucked the game up 'cause I probably would've had me a 70-year-old if Viagra didn't exist. Listen, You would date a a seven. You would date somebody that much older for The bag. They don't have to touch me for real 'cause Dick don't work. But now like Viagra make they dick work. They don't wanna just sew your hand no more. I ain't even like they really wanna smash. I'm not even playing that game because You know how when you watch a nigga walk away from You know y'all during the deep. I need to see him do something DJ walking by. See that old? I already be looking funny Nigga be melting walking Niggas look weird from the back walking away.


You be like, but If, you see some balls hanging real low walking away. Oh my God. What am I doing here? I can't play like that. Your ancestors watching too. I Got right. I gotta wait till my shit hanging that low to be with someone hanging that low. But then they don't want you like they like, I can understand why older men want younger women because it makes it pretty. But I don't understand why young women want older men. Like aside from money like yeah they got that little gray line around their fucking eye around the pupil. Absolutely. That's cataract. No, them niggas just going blind. That's how You know it's somebody old. I had an old man try to tell me he was 40 40 at the time.


I'm like in my twenties he is trying to convince me that he just 40 something. But you got that gray line sir. I know you like 60, Right? I remember when I was little and like it used to be old niggas in my family. I'm like your eyes is pretty. And it used to be that gray sugar butter. That ain't pretty. Bitch I Can't see. Gotta get that cat. I just had to take my daddy a couple weeks ago like this. Why the fuck I had to take my daddy to had cataract surgery and he got a fucking wife in her forties. I'm confused. Maybe she was busy that day. And I had to take him four different times. Like for the actual appointment for one eye, then an actual appointment for the other eye. Then the follow up appointments. What she at take off and work for your husband?


Yeah. But you say she be showing up for Rome? Yeah, she does. I'm grateful. 'cause listen, I only got, I'm gonna have one parent to probably take care of her. Hopefully she stay around. Amen. Thank you. Thank you girl. So All right, stepmom. All right. That's one. One side that I don't have Daddy. Issues 'cause I typically don't date older men. What? What it say about they younger men? I Don't know. Ask them bitches at the school yard. Ask them teachers who keep getting arrested. I Don't go that young. Y'all What? Snatching on the high school Boys. I don't go that young. It was two of them got arrested for for planning a threesome with a high school boy. Yeah. That's disgusting. Yeah. What is up with y'all? That Is the hell no. That's that clever Anxious attachment.


What does that Mean? Anxious. It says you never knew what you expect from a, from your dad. Sometimes he was engaged other times distant. He might have had a habit of venting to you. I've seen that my, my niece's dad does that. I'm like man, he be trying to treat you like you his old lady. So like if they say they come in and not come and then don't, don't show up. Things like that. Which men, men do that without somebody having Daddy. Issues. Right. People. Some I do that You. know what I'm saying? I have told somebody I'm gonna do some shit and don't, just don't follow up and don't answer the phone. Oh that's not nice. You've never done that? No. I try to like, I try to show up if I make a, if I make a plan with you, I at least be like I can't make it.


But You never changed your mind. Like you said you was gonna show up for a dude and then you just don't feel like it no more. I ain't coming again. I but I'll say something. Oh No. It may not be the truth. I'm sick. No, definitely. But I'll say something I don't like. I hate when I don't ghost me 'cause I don't like that 'cause I'm coming back like that bitch on that do movie Deliverance. Maybe you got anxious attachment. Maybe you not yet. I wanna see it. I just saw it P before it bro. That part was hilarious. But she like, I get to smell your dappy fussy. I thought I saw a meme with that on it. I didn't didn't know that was a movie though. No, that's True. That shit took me out.


I was like, lemme stage my house in in there. And They talking about your ass. You Stupid. But no. You said you don't like when people do that. Like I feel like not, I don't, I don't have have to have an explanation every time from somebody. You just don't feel Like it. No. You need to tell me No. Especially If I don't Because if somebody does that, you just not for me. Good. Thank you for showing me today before I suck your dick. Like yeah, it, It takes just a second to communicate that you can't be available. When you said you would, that pisses me off so bad. But what if the person like something like had an emergency, something. I'm telling you I've actually ghosted people.


But what if that person had an emergency? Yeah. Accept that. I had seen you jump. Jump to conclusions dog. Yeah. Real fast. Sitting nigga's paragraphs. So that might be a daddy issue. Girl, fuck you. I will joke to conclusions. Yeah because what are you doing? Are you in jail? Are you coming? Did someone die? Are you coming? I remember one time Don't tell me eight. And then you, it is something you showing up at 10 or communicate that you're not coming at eight. I don't have a problem with it. But What if they died? Well then they can't communicate anything and then that's not a problem. But you gotta have that died but you Need to have died. You, you need to be dead nigga.


Okay, got it. Fear of abandonment Could be Daddy. Issues. Oh I got that. I don't Care. Ding ding, ding, ding. But what does that look like for you? Because I, I mean I don't know. The older I get, I don't care a lot about something. I think I'd be having trouble picking a person because I'm scared. I don't wanna pick wrong and they gonna leave me. I said that out loud Because you ain't never left somebody. Right. I'm, I don't think I've ever left anyone that I got serious with. They always in like they'll break up with me but they always try to double back and then they'd be like, nah nigga you thought the grass was greener over there.


Right. Stay over there. Your father is manipulative and controlling. My daddy don't even talk my nigga. My daddy's so cool man. He really don't even talk. For real. Yeah. I don't think my daddy, which Could be manipulate, manipulation. Oh. Because you don't really answer questions like I have been with men. You ask them something they do not even, you gotta be real specific with the question. Do you have any kids and do you have any kids on the way? 'cause a nigga have somebody pregnant because the baby doesn't exist. Right. I ain't got no kids. I don't got no kids.


So I know people like men. You gotta be real specific when you asking questions. These questions. And. I feel like my daddy probably used to gaslight my mom in that way. Yeah. That's what I think. I don't like with my dad. The manipulative and controlling part. I can't speak to that with me. Right. But I imagine he was like that with women. You know that he was dating but our relationship wasn't there. Like Yeah. Do you think you have Daddy Issues in any of your relationships? Like anything like that stems from your relationship with your father? Absolutely. Absolutely. That what you were saying where I will jump off, jump off the gun. Even on that nigga, I seen you jump on your daddy quick too. Yeah. What You at?


Because you supposed to be here. I don't like that, but I just think it is about communication for me. You know, like just communicate. It is not, I'm gonna not be mad at you for not being here. I'm gonna be mad at you 'cause you didn't communicate that you weren't gonna be here when you said Right. That'll be my issue. They know the man. No, that's not for me. What's the other one? I don't know what avoided attachment easily. And then the other one was, Oh, low self-esteem. Low self-esteem could be one of them. Difficulty trusting men. I don't really trust low body. For real. Oh, I definitely have difficulty trusting emotionally unavailable jealousy become easily attached and clingy.


If we have sex, we we go together. Period. I'm confused why you think we don't. Yeah, I don't understand. And Especially depending on how we have sex. Bitches is not studding convict, but If, you have sex with a woman without a condom. Please know that's your girlfriend. It is. Even in the Bible. Even even condom Penis. I be attached. What do we do? Like once I, I allow you to go there with me. We in love. Not me. It just depends. No, But that's how I'll be feeling. Like these young girls, they different How you get attached with that plastic in the middle. Like, because I be so emotional Off rubber. No, it don't just be like, Oh girl fuck you. That's rubber.


Once We do the do, I'm like, I'm emotional, I'm passionate. Like once we do that, then I'm locked in. Nah, as long as there's a barrier, there's a barrier. Yeah. I'm okay. Yeah, that might be, I can't fall in love with no condom dick. It's a daddy issue. If I can fall in love with condom dick. Yes. No, look at your list. That's there. That don't have nothing to do with my goddamn daddy condom Dick is wild as you call it. That It is what it is. Oh, so okay. This is, it says you've never met your father. I can see somebody having Daddy Issues who never met their Daddy. I mean, absolutely.


I'm trying to think like what type of things, like what my dad that I avoid in men because of him. I don't know. I don't really be lacking baldhead niggas. Kimberly, I love Baldhead niggas, but my daddy got hair though. But the older I get, the less I can avoid them. Niggas losing their hair. Niggas going Bald. Like niggas is in Turkey. I got a homeboy right now in Turkey and he said it is so many niggas over there right now getting their hairline That I be like sending him all the Turkish places.


Like this place do. I'm gonna send you this guy. Yeah, send it to Me. And my friend, he's an md so he picked this, this place based off and he got like 5 million followers on Instagram. The place in Turkey. They does this, this a lady runs it. Yeah. Send it to me. Send it to my friend because it And the pictures before and after look pretty good. I'm not against that. Like I'm against them goddamn LA friends. I listen do that. If it's done good, yes, I don't care. You can get your lace front, front. I had an old friend who went to Benedict with us, send me on Instagram the other day. He was like, I got a surprise for you. So he sends me a, a recent picture of him and he cut his dreads off.


But nigga, the last time I seen you, which was probably like 10 years ago, you ain't have no hair. Nigga you was wearing hats. Where does fucking hair come from? What did Tony? I said if I see your ass at homecoming, I am dumping a bottle of alcohol in your head. Why would you do that? If. you wouldn't want nobody to do that to your hair. I'm here for it Because I know that shit about the p at least front. If it look good, If You dating a nigga with one. If it look nice, you need my got to be you need my got to be baby. He Gonna be trying to get you to do his damn hair. And, I. And we, if that's my me and my me and my head, You ain't gonna be lifting. I, I don't like and it's thick as fuck. It is like not blended in the back. I'm like, who? See, it gotta be good. You Can't send that to somebody who do hair and think I'm not gonna know.


That's my shit on your head. Listen, as long as it look good, I don't care. I do not care. I'm here for it. Whatever make you feel confident and it look nice, I'm here for it because I need you to feel the same way about me. Yeah, but I, I You know that's a weave. Just tell me that's a weave. Like why you trying to play with my intelligence? Oh, he ain't say it was a weave. No. Well he really want me to be like, this is hair. And I'm like, no nigga. You was wearing a fitted cap for many for 25 years.


BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed. Discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


The following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome to Burger Ypi. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah. I want Woo-hoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I Just went big time playing high five to see on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we're prohibited play responsibly. Condition supply. See website for details. High five Casino, This is it your moment.


This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of. A degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve. With Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Hello, it is Ryan. And we could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You, know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com. That's chumba casino.com. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


When it comes to business. The people who succeed tend to be the people who seek out partners with skills or knowledge that they don't have. And that's what Lenovo's free online membership program Lenovo Pro can do for small businesses. If, you are not a tech expert. That's where Lenovo can help. So you can add Lenovo's team to yours and then lean on them for all your tech questions for free. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo.


Lenovo years be because your dreads was out in the middle. So now you got like weaves. Headline crisp, I mean thick. Steve Harvey back when he was doing nigga looking like Marcus Houston. What's special? Who's the show where you rubbed the log? Oh, Apollo. Apollo. God damn we man that type of shit. He was the first one to do it. Yeah. So Kat Williams said that nigga had a wig on. He stopped. Yeah, but it looked nice. That box made look nice to you back in 1993. That shit was fire. Anxiety and relationships.


Excessive friendliness towards guys. You always in a nigga face smiling. Yeah bitch, that's me. But, But I'm But I'm like that with women too. Like I'm just friendly Or gay people pleasing behaviors. No. What's another Afraid of being alone? No. I'll stay in my house for days and then come out. Yeah. I think that people use like the, like I said, they use that daddy issue shit to just to, it's just another way to offend women I think.


Do You think most strippers have Daddy Issues? No, because You know I can from my family as an example. Right. So I don't know. Me and my sister do got Daddy. Issues, I don't know. But you can be raised in the same house. Right? Same parents. Why no fucking siblings going to be a whole nother type of person. Like I'm completely different from my family. Right. But we are also alike in other ways. Right. We have one that just can't fucking get right You. know what I'm saying? I'm pretty sure I'm the wild card in my family. And I know my mama seen me putting cat shit. 'cause I be using her Amazon.


I know she seen me putting cat shit in that cart. And I know she wanna call me and ask me what the fuck I'm doing. I know it's itching her. I know it's killing her not to call me in question. Right, because She don't even think you got a cat. No. She know I got a cat. She probably pissed about it. Like, bitch, you don't need a cat. Oh. But I don't have Daddy. Issues. I don't think Zoom in Jordan. I think you do. Aside from not I, aside from just not being trust, I, I'm not trusting. I remember one time my daddy, he would go to this place called the Joint.


It was like, you go there. No bitch, not the chiropractor. Oh, okay. Okay. I'm talking about like Hello hole in the wall where you pick up some pussy. Like he was there. My mom would put us in the car to get him outta there and they arguing in the parking lot. That type of shit. Oh Like oh, The joint Daddy's little girls. Yeah. Get away from my daddy Tramp. No, I, I literally yelled out the window once and that that it was that day that I stopped calling my daddy, daddy. I started calling him by his first name like my sister. Oh, so that Sounds like a daddy issue Right there with that nigga. Not with the next nigga. Yeah. I had an issue with him. Yeah. But not with the next person. But you don't think that has manifested in any way Either. Leaving, I'm gonna tell you the one day that I knew that I leaving, not like breaking up with me but leaving.


I remember one day I told my dad I wanted to go with him wherever he was going. I just wanted to be where he at. And I'm like, hurry, I'm, I'm gonna whip my shoes. I'm run in to put my shoes And I know know he is getting his keys. He's leaving out the door. Bitch. I got to the carport and he had pulled out. My heart still hurt right now talking about how that nigga drove off without me in that fucking ugly ass brown whatever call that was back then, That's the first person to ever break your heart. Is your daddy out Before? But a nigga did that to me one morning. Like pull like one. Oh you told me you going To the gym. Yes. When we were sup and And it took me Back to that child a Little moment. I could've probably did something to him that morning because I'm still mad at my daddy from that one day.


Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. If we had been working out the whole week going to the gym. Right, right. I wake up, I don't even brush my teeth yet. I don't take a shower yet. I'm getting you and your son together. Right. So the last step for me, I already took my shower, whatever. Now I finally pee up. And I made y'all breakfast, all this shit. We going to the gym for the fifth day this week. It's routine. We have been routinely doing this the whole week. So I'm sitting on the stairs to put my shoes on And I, walk over to the ca to the nightstand to get my cell phone. And I. Hear the fucking door lock like I'm bending down. And. I hear. So I run to the door like a kid. Aw.


I'm like, are you leaving me? He was like, you need to hurry up. Did you go, did y'all like the fucking lost it? No. Yeah, I wanted Absolutely not. And that was the beginning of the end Daddy right the fuck up outta here. 'cause that's disrespectful. Just say no though. Just say you not going this morning or something like that. Say, I don't know. He just wanted me to be on his time. Which is still different from a daddy just wanting to go cheat in peace and his five year old's like, I wanna come. Yeah. But still it affected you in a similar way. Yeah. So that's, that's, that might be my daddy issue. Yeah. So don't pull out, Don't fucking leave me nowhere. Yeah. That same nigga did that to me at the post office one day.


Like he kept triggering that. That is a daddy issue. That's A, yeah, that's a trigger For me. Don't go nowhere without telling me you leaving. If I walk outside and you not there, it's a problem. Yeah, but is that really a daddy issue or just somebody really disrespecting you? Both because maybe you get so upset because it triggers a pain that You know from a childhood trauma. But imagine, okay. That never hap, your daddy never did that to you before. Right. Imagine you walking outside and you were supposed to be going with your man and he Pulled up. Imagine walking bitch. I came off Shit, go ahead. But yo, you make me fucking sick.


But imagine like that happening. You don't have that particular issue. Experience. Yeah. You didn't have that experience. But that's disrespectful. Yeah, it is. As far as I'm concerned. But a man will say, well why you acting like that? You got Daddy Issues because you left me. 'cause you disrespected me. Yeah. But maybe you wouldn't have like blew up as much had you not had that experience. I would. You might've still been mad. I'm still disrespected. Yeah. I'm still blowing up. Yeah. My daddy ain't never really disrespect me. I remember one time when I was Little You know that church Chicken by Benedict? Yeah. Well it used to be churches. I think it's like a a It was churches when, remember there? Yeah. Yeah. But it was churches when my mom and dad went.


Yeah. They put a Panda Express. I have gained a hundred pounds. Yeah, right. Because we was eating, what was the Chinese restaurant over there? China? China. N no No, China walk. China Walk. Yeah. I used eat China walk every day. Bitch you 50 pounds freshman year. That was me. So This was when I was a baby girl. And, I can remember this. My parents were had like, they came in separate cars and they met at churches to get lunch. Right. And they was arguing the whole time we was eating And, I. Think my older sister was in school. I was too young to be in school and they left. They were leaving And. I followed. My mama Storm tried to storm off. Right.


And, I can't run it behind her. She said Go with your daddy. Right. So then I went running toward my daddy car and he was like, go with your mama. Oh. So then I went running back toward my mama car. She's, I didn't I tell you to go with your daddy? So then I'm running toward his car. She's like, go with your Mama. So I just stopped in the parking lot. I Was like, And, I no where to go. And they both stopped and stopped and they came together and they stopped arguing. 'cause they saw me in just standing in the middle of church's parking lot. Like, I don't Know what to do. That is so sad. I know. Ain't that sad. These goddamn parents be terrorizing the kids, man. What? And maybe that's why, nigga, you need to be on time to pick me up and let me know where you at Because Follow through.


Follow through. So maybe that's my, that's my trigger. And I won't eat no motherfucking churches, Man. That them bitches to be cooking at chicken titties too big anyway in the fryer. Goodness. I don't know. I don't know where the fuck else I'm going at with this. But I love my dad and if I have an issue with a man, it is not because of some shit my daddy did to me At all. I, I'm not sure. I'm still going to therapy and maybe I need to unpack some things. I don't know. Maybe that's why I'm not married yet. Because I'll be, I'll be hard on these men sometime I feel like.


All right. Tell me. All right. I'm gonna tell you, my daddy wanna be mad. I'm telling y'all this, but I'm mad at my daddy right now because he wouldn't come pick me up from the airport. Is that me being spoiled? No. Why would he not? My daddy would never not come get me from the airport. Yeah, that's what I said. Like why Wouldn't you come? And that's when You know people love you when they come get you from the airport on time. It was, I mean now granted he didn't know that I was gonna be in the airport. You know. I was like, I'm, because that it was a layover. So I wasn't even supposed to be in Chicago, but I got stuck in Chicago and now I'm stuck in Chicago. Come get me. And he would not come get me. So I'm mad at him. I'm still mad at him. And that was like, so you Had to sit in the airport all Night?


No, I went and got me a hotel room by the airport, but he did not come pick me up. Girl, You you wanna jump him? I would like to. Yeah, I would like to, but I can't fight that. That's a big grown man. I can't say No. That Didn't hurt my feelings that he didn't come get me. But then maybe some People are not showing up for you. Yeah, maybe as far he was. He did work late and he like, he would've had to come from Indiana. He still had to go home though. You know he lives In Chicago but works in Indiana. Well, I mean, but it's right there though. Like Gary, I know Gary is the train right away. Yeah. So I'm mad at him still.


I love him, but I'm mad. And you probably feel like, nigga, whatever I ask you to do, you need to be doing. That's How I feel. Yeah. And, I don't ask for a lot. Yeah. That's, that's, that's probably how I probably have some entitlement when it comes to my daddy. But even though I don't ask people to do a whole bunch of shit for me, if I were to call my daddy and he told me no right now, bitch, I'll probably kick out. I'll probably be on the floor kicking like, no nigga you, you owe me. That's how I feel. Like, no, what you mean? No, You can't. Honestly. You said no you can't. But you meant no you won't. Right. So I'm, I'm Well no, maybe he didn't know he can't. And you took it as No I won't.


Well Why you can't? Because it's too fucking far. And I just got off from work and you're a grown woman. No, fuck that. Fuck that shit. You Talk about right now. Call your daddy bitch. I still talk. We still in a group chat and we say good morning every morning. Me, my mom, my dad and my sisters. Every morning when we say good morning to each other, I, and then he called me the other day. He called me. We talked. Once I broke my foot he called me And. I ain't act like a bitch. I was nice. But the time when I moved to LA he called me to see how I was moving in. I was like, you don't care. He's like, oh are you good or not? That's how you do niggas. Yep. You don't care.


Guilt tripping. So you be guilt tripping the men, you be guilt tripping your daddy, Is that what we're gonna call it? Yes. That is guilt tripping them. Yes. Absolutely. Define that. Guilt. Tripping. Somebody like you making them feel bad about some shit. They shouldn't have to feel bad about why he shouldn't. Like you don't care. Yes, he does care. He wouldn't have called if he didn't. If he care, he would've picked me up from the airport. Oh my life. Your daddy life. Not mine. Your daddy life. No, I love my daddy but I still think he should have came and got me. Period. Mm. I would come get it. Ain't nobody in my family that would call me and say, Hey, I'm stuck at the airport in your city.


And. I wouldn't show up One time. You would've had to been back to the airport Early in the morning. That's my daddy. Yeah. Be considerate. You gotta be considerate. Sometimes even though it is your daddy not gonna Be considerate. Yeah, Because I know how far the fucking airports, the two airports in Chicago. Like If. you lived in suburbs somewhere. Uber in an outskirt. He could sent me an Uber. Yeah, he could have done that. But I was like, that's okay. I just gimme a hotel. Yeah. Just do it myself. Like I always do. Avi Tree next. Shade. Okay, so maybe I do have a little bit of thing Too. Little tiny Bit.


Areas of improvement. Little Titi. I need opportunity. I need to find me a new therapist. I haven't had therapy since my last relationship. Basically. I kind of stopped it. And, I. I actually have a, I bought this cat. Emotional support cat. Yes. I'm getting rid of an emotional support cat. People have cats for emotional support. Right. A dog like cats give You Emotional support. First of all, cats Or it's doing magical though. They'll fuck what they wanna do. That's not true. They do. They don't. You gotta raise them how you want 'em to be. They do. They live, they bounced to the beat of their own thing. If they don't fuck with you, They will fuck with you one second and then scratch you the neck.


I've seen it Sounds like I felt it. Alright. Like I'm ready to be done with this fucking conversation. I, you making me, I need to call my daddy. Well I ended on this, I saw this post on Instagram and it was saying it, it basically said calculate how many times you see your, or how, how often do you see your parent. Right. So how many times do you think, how often do you see your daddy? I don't get to see my dad a lot anymore. 'cause He lives, well my daddy live in my city. And. I don't see my parents enough. I don't think so. Like calculate their age and things like you literally probably got 20 more times to see them this lifetime.


Damn. That's dark aj. No, I'm, it's just go see your people. Oh, I see my, we'll Call you people You. Know what I'm saying? I would see my mama every week. But how's that dark? What the Fuck? 20 more times. See daddy girl. That hurt my feelings too. Yes, But, and and should, it should. So now make more effort to see your, to pick A bitch up from the airport. Or maybe you need to not pop in. Maybe you actually scheduled time with your daddy and fly to Chicago. Not just you happen to see me 'cause I pull up at the airport Randomly. Well, I've done that. I do that. You know I will pull up. I I'm just saying I've flow him to me too. That just happened to be one instance where I happened to be in your city. You know in a layover going to Europe.


And I, my flight got canceled in Chicago. Well I'm gonna do better and go see my daddy more. Yeah, Your daddy right down the street talking about do better in fly Chicago. I ain't see that nigga system cataract appointments. He can't. Your ass. Hey, and my mama took her house key from me. So I don't go over there. Girl, I'm not sitting in your driveway until you come home. I done had a a key to your house my whole life. Yeah. And you just trying to be nasty right quick. So now you ain't going over there. Absolutely not. No. You take That advice. You just get Me. If I, if I call her and she don't answer the phone, I'm not going to sit in her yard.


So my mom like to act like she don't see you calling her. She, Why she busy? She is watching all 'em Korean shows on Netflix and playing this game on her phone. She, I know she got her phone in her hand when I call. How did She get addicted to Korean soap Opera. It's something in there that, that, that, that's programmed my mom at this point. She can't not not watch that shit. That's funny. Anyway. Call your people. Call your Daddy. Yeah. Call your daddy If. you possibly got daddy and she's a knot. Work on 'em. Go to a therapist. These Episodes will never go high. Plan in my mind. Yeah. But it is what it Is. Bitch rambling about our daddy. We should bring them on again. We had them on once.


We did let's Do it for Father's Day next Year. And all 'em niggas did was lie. Not my daddy Girl. My daddy told both of our Daddies was lying. My daddy. My Daddy was not lying. My daddy lied. My daddy was like, ain't no woman ever came between him and his marriage in these men mind in, in my, I'm not, I'm not gonna say in these men in my daddy's mind, but I still think it's men. Right. In his mind. If, you are the one that left the marriage then You know what he was doing wasn't the cause of the marriage ending. So even though he was fucking on bitches, you chose to leave.


So you ended the marriage. Well the vow is for better or worse. Fuck that. And this is why. Fuck y'all statistics And. I always say this. Women just do the paperwork. Men leave the relationship and we do the paperwork just like everything else. That's it. But you, you already left the relationship when you started violating and then I filed for divorce. Yeah, But you smashing women and doing all type of wild shit. Like he still to this day, 70 years old, like that nigga don't think that it was women. That nigga used to come home with blonde hair on his clothes. Oh wow. It was fucking on white bitches too. Well black girls be having blonde hair.


Back then You had blonde hair. Shut your damn out. You Had blonde hair for four years. 27 inch. Yeah. Long blonde hair. Six 13. What club you did see Onyx. All right y'all. Yeah. Call your people. All right. Get some therapy. If you. If you possibly have any of these, these issues. Right? Do you have anything If? you wanna say something to your daddy? Say it now. That would be, oh, I love my dad. My daddy know I love him. I look just like him. I love you daddy. I love my daddy your whole life. I respect you. I'm not a stripper because I respect you. Like So you would've been a stripper if he was absent. Like for real? Like you didn't know him. You'd probably be stripping. I probably would've like in my like college back then I had asked, well you couldn't buy it.


Like I probably coulda got rich You. know what I'm saying? But I respected my father so much that I would never You Know. So you, okay. That's a whole nother episode. What? That's what about your respect? Respecting yourself. You worrying about what the fuck That I was trying to get that I would've been getting that bag in my Twenties. I would've Got that bag in my twenties. But you couldn't buy it back then. You know what I'm saying? Oh, You know that. My brain skipped. But when you said maybe the strippers don't be having dads. Nah, you could be, you could raise your people however, and they end up doing what the fuck they wanna do. Like two parent household went to college, probably flunked out.


Your parents sent you to college and now you stripping or now you doing Whatever. Well today You know strippers are like very much more celebrated than like when we were in our twenties it was very taboo. You know. You wouldn't have like no Instagram page and If you called a girl by her dance name out in the street. It would be a issue. Yeah. Now the the prisoners is running a prison. Now the girl be like, I'm candy drop lick up. Well everybody go by the Instagram name now too. Yeah. Okay. So we all strippers at this point. I guess you're right. Stripping for the gram. One thing I might add, I probably would not have smashed as many people as I was smashed if my daddy was on my fucking neck You. know what I'm saying?


He just wasn't there and he don't say much. And my mama always felt like he was co-signing bad behavior You. know what I'm saying? Because he ain't trying to beat your ass. Like he gonna have a conversation with you as opposed like her ass. She just wanna jump on you. You know so well, it's Too different. Bad cop, good cop, bad cop. You know. No, I guess maybe he, you parents be really, they put themselves on pedestals. They put the kids on pedestals sometimes. So they act like they forgot like the type of shit they was on. My daddy just was still on some bullshit. So he is like, damn, how can I reprimand you When I'm out here doing the same thing? Yeah. If not worse. Hold on before we go a bitch.


My dad was smashing one time. My daddy had to be in his early sixties at the time. Listen dude, he, he might be mad. You Shit girl gonna be all right girl. That nigga don't be listening. They ain't listening to the this show since last time he was on this bitch. That was two years ago. This bitch, she was a tall, what's the girl on Friday? Ronnie Gray girlfriend. Like imagine a bitch let look like that. Barrel curl, updo swoop. Gold teeth, long nails BS pretty though. When daddy was smashing this young girl. Don't You know that bitch called my cell phone. 'cause I was talking to an older nigga who that mean me a grill telling me how she gonna tell my daddy on me because I'm talking to somebody she wanna talk to.


Oh, that is a mess. That is so I'm gonna tell your daddy Ghetto. Yeah, what you say? 'cause she would've been in her twenties at the time. Oh yeah. You know I'm in high school. And. I Got, she's like, you messing with this grown man that I like, so I'm Not messing just getting his car and gold teeth. Yeah. Okay. Look. Okay girl. That's it. Yeah, she wanted that dude and she was telling me she was gonna, she called cell phone and told me she was gonna tell my dad. I'm like, girl You know you fucking my daddy. You said that? Yes, because who? Who? You. Who you. How you Calling me? Mess to even be having A conversation like that, yo.


Anyway, let's get the fuck up about it. Yeah, let's go y'all If, you enjoy this episode, y'all tune in every Thursday on the Black Effect iHeartRadio app or in the fucking get your podcast out. This is your AJ Holiday 2.0 on Instagram. Kick a tam. Y'all's sufficient. Tam broke. I love y'all. So Y'all remember speaking now and never hold your feet. Bye bitch. Bye. Four more podcast from iHeartRadio. Visit the iHeart video app, apple podcast or whatever you listen to your favorite shows


For 25 years, BrightView Senior Living has been dedicated to creating an award-winning company culture. So residents and families receive best in class services across our 50 communities. BrightView Associates help deliver peace of mind, safety, security, transportation, daily programs, delicious food and high quality care if needed, discover how our vibrant senior living communities can help you live your best life. Visit BrightView Senior Living dot com to learn more equal housing opportunity.


The Following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. Welcome To Burger Yippy. Would you like a hot apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I won. Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes free daily reward over 1200 games. Woo. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your high five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary. What we're prohibited play responsibly Conditions supply. See website for details. High five casino.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved


When the time comes to plan your next big getaway. Know we got a destination idea for you. Orlando. Just think about it. The thrills at their 15 world bean parks, followed by awesome outdoor adventures, amazing food festivals and top-notch dining spots. Orlando has all that and much more than you'd expect in Orlando. Anything is possible If you can imagine it. Plan your escape today and save@visitorlando.com. That's visit orlando.com for everything you need for an amazing getaway.


Hey folks, ready to wow your dinner? Say hello to Goya yellow Rice. Your dinner's new secret hero. Ready in minutes and bursting with an authentic blend of onion, garlic, and other flavorful Latin spices. Spanish style goya. Yellow rice is the perfect match for your meat, fish or chicken, or trying as the star ingredient. To prepare a tasty shrimp paella, find it in the Goya section of your local grocery store. If it's Goya, it has to be good.