
Live from Detroit. Michigan And exclusively on iHeartRadio. We'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues, And the future of our nation. Now here's your host, Charlamagne. Tha. God. Yes. Peace of the planet is Charlamagne. Tha God here with Madam Vice President Kamala. Harris. How are you? Very, we Charlemagne, how you doing? Listen, we got 20 days And, 60 minutes. So we just need to get to It. I'm with you. I. It was 21 days. How are you? Because you did, you did just walk in. You was, you was kind of late. So I'm very, we we I try to be on time. That. we apparently, I'm 40 seconds late. You're right. we, you Are black. So now You know one thing they've been saying. A lot of your press hits get criticized. You know folks say you come off as very scripted.


They say you like to stick to your talking points. And, some media says you have That Would be called discipline. Ooh. Okay. Speak to That. But Go on. No I. I was gonna say, some people say you have an inability to fearlessly say who you are. And what you believe You know that's not true. But, but what do you say to That criticism And Is It fair for s And l to make fun of It. Hasnt admire Rudolph been wonderful? Yes. I. Think I. I have nothing but admiration for the comedy. And. I think it's, it's important to be able to laugh. AT yourself, And each other. But What do you say people say in The, in the spirit of, of obviously comedy And not belittling people as my opponent would do. We, what do we what do you say to people who say you, you stay on the talking points. I would say you're Welcome.


I mean. Listen, here's the thing. I love having conversations, which is why I'm so happy to be with you this afternoon. And And. The reality is That. There are certain things That must be repeated to ensure That I have everyone know what I stand for. And. The issues That I think are AT stake in this election. And. So It requires repetition. You know, some people say That AT. If until someone has heard the same thing AT least three times, It just doesn't stay with you. So repetition is important. And for That. Reason. Yes. AT. My rallies I say the same thing When I go to Detroit as I do in Philly as I. Do wherever I am to make sure That people here And And receive what I think are some of the most critical issues.


That are AT stake in the selection It. There has to be a a high level of anxiety too. When you have these conversations though, 'cause you are running for president I mean You. know what? There's certainly a lot of I I feel the weight of the moment. And, my role I feel an extraordinary weight of responsibility right now to do Everything. I can, I'm telling you Charlamagne, when I go to bed, AT night, I I almost every night in addition to my prayers will ask, have I Don Everything I could do today? Mm. This is a margin of error. Race. It's tight. I'm going win.


I'm gonna win. But it's time. And You know what is AT stake is truly profound. And al And historic. Many would say And. It's about You. know some people would say this lofty notion of of s of supporting And And preserving our democracy. But It It is about real issues. That affect people every day. Like whether we're gonna maintain a $35 cap on insulin for our seniors. Whether we're gonna continue to allow Medicare And to negotiate drug prices to bring them down. Whether we are going to have, as my opponent would have a formalized stop And frisk policy for which he has said, if a police department does not do It, They should be defunded or not.


There is so much AT stake whether America's gonna stand on its principles around the importance of sovereignty. And territorial integrity. And stand with our allies around the World or whether we're gonna admire dictators. And send during the height of Covid in the pandemic covid tests That. Nobody could get to the president of Russia for his personal use when black people were dying every day by the hundreds during That time. Know I feel like That one, That one has gone over people's heads. The fact That, he was sending Covid test to Putin. I mean You. know I. Invite I. Don't your listeners, the people we know the number of people who lost their grandparents. And parents remember what That was like during the height of Covid And.


A lot of It people were scrambling for the resources. And needed tests. And Donald Trump. During That time secretly sent Covid tests to the president of Russia. Who by the way, do not forget in the 2016 election, 'cause I was a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee when we, when we investigated It targeted black voters in 2016 with missing And disinformation to discourage black people from voting in That election. And And. This is just another of the very many examples of who Donald Trump really is. know And And, the danger he presents know to real People know.


Sending Covid test to Russia That doesn't sound very America first AT all, but, but it's not just you versus Trump. It's you versus misinformation. Yes, that's true, right? And And, one of the biggest know pieces of misinformation. One of the biggest allegations against you is That. You targeted And locked up thousands of, of black men in San Francisco for weed. Some say you did It to boost your career. Some say you did It out of pure hate for black men. Please tell us the facts. What's the facts of That Situation? It's just simply not true. And in what public defenders who are around those days will tell you. I was the most progressive prosecutor in California on marijuana cases. And would not send people to jail for simple po possession of weed. And as vice president have been a champion for bringing marijuana down on the schedule.


So instead of It being ranked up there with heroin, we bring It down. And, my pledges as President I will work on decriminalizing It because You know exactly how those laws have been used to disproportionately impact certain populations. And, specifically black men. Before. Before we get into You, know the talkback feature. And, take some questions from the audience. I I do wanna talk to you about the legalization. That we, 'cause you're saying you wanna legalize It. Now, what steps did the Biden administration take to get closer to That reality? So we had to work with the DEA And. And. It's, there's a certain level of bureaucracy. That exists in the federal government. That slows things down.


But essentially to bring down how weed is classified, how marijuana is classified to make It classified as a lesser harm And. So That took some time. There's a whole process around That, but that's the work That. We have Don in addition to work That, we have Don writ large on criminal justice reform. Okay, let's take some calls, let's take some we not calls. Let's go to the talk back feature. My Question for Kamala is, why are we And I? Say we, because my tax dollars is sending the money. Why are we sending money to other countries when we desperately need It in our own country for homeless housing resources, for whatever.


That is my determining factor If I vote for Kamala or not. That's, that's one of the reasons the America first rhetoric resonates. 'cause nobody in America would complain about where money was going if American citizens' everyday needs were being met. So what, what do you say to That? We can do It. All And. We do. Hmm. So first of all, I maintain very strongly. America should never pull ourselves away for hour responsibility. As The World leader And That is in the best interest of our national security And. Each one of us as Americans, And our standing in the World World to American citizens.


Obviously And people who are here to meet their everyday needs And challenges. Which is why, for example, we have Don the work in the last four years of bringing down the cost of prescription medication. Whether It be $35 a month for seniors for, for insulin, or $2,000 a year cap on prescription medication. What we have, Don That has been about putting $17 billion in our HBCUs. I am proud to be the first HBCU Vice President of the United States. I intend to be the first HBCU President, okay. Of the United States. Those resources are about sending them to centers of academic excellence. That You know them to be the work That I continue to do is about increasing access to capital for our small businesses, It is about increasing the opportunity for home ownership.


Knowing That, black people are 40% less likely to be homeowners In America, we have a history of legal And, And And, procedural obstacles to That home ownership. Starting with the fact nobody got 40 acres. And a mule to redlining, to, to issues. That, this Detroit area, And people around the country know to be real. So part of my plan is That. We're gonna give people a $25,000 down payment assistance to get their foot in the door to buy a home for first time home buyers. The work That I'm gonna do to increase housing supply in America. Knowing That, that's one of the reasons That rents, And housing prices are jacked up. And to work with the private sector, cut through the red tape.


And work to build more housing. 3 million before the end of my first term. And I. Give these examples. And. There are many more which I will offer. So for example, the work That I will do to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for young families during the first year of their child's life. 'cause as you And I, both know our families all have a natural desire to parent their children. we, but not always the resources. So by expanding the child tax credit to the first year of child's life, to $6,000 That gives That young family the ability to buy a car seat or a crib or clothes. The things That are so important during That critical phase of That child's development. So That They can get on the road.


And actually have a chance. AT succeeding. Y You know You said we can do It all, but, but can we, because You know. Tupac famously said, You know we got money for war, but can't feed, feed the poor. Right? And, I I saw President Obama say last week, That You know you. You really shouldn't expect You know a president to to, to rid the World of all of its problems. And And. So is It fair to tell people, Hey, we can do It all? 'cause that's when people get disappointed when things don't happen. But I I think President Obama is absolutely correct. But It doesn't mean we can't do anything. That's right. So when I talk about extending the child tax credit as I, when I was vice president, I pushed That, we would do It. During our first year And, we reduced child, black child poverty in America by 50%.


We did That. We can do That. My plan That is about building up home ownership in the black community. We can do That. My work That has been about increasing access to capital, bringing billions more dollars into our community banks, which I've Don as vice president through cooperation, And partnership with some of the big banks, And tech companies to get more access to capital for our entrepreneurs, for our businesses. We've Don That. So we should never sit back. And say, okay, I'm not gonna vote because Everything hasn't been solved. I share a desire. That Everything should be solved. By the way, I think It is what we should all want. But That doesn't.


That shouldn't stand in the way of us also knowing we can participate in a process that's about improving things And by voting. In this election, you have two choices or you don't vote, but you have two choices if you do And. The, it's two very different visions for our nation. One mind That is about taking us forward. And progress. And investing the American people, And, investing in their ambitions, dealing with their challenges. And the other. Donald Trump is about taking us backward. The other is about fascism. Why can't we just say It? Yes. We can say That. Know Reverend Solomon Klock Jr. I want you to meet him. He is the senior pastor of Triumph Church.


Where's Reverend Klock? Oh, He's Here. Come on. Tell secret service. Move out the way. It's okay. It's just the reverend know. All right. Hey Reverend. What's up Reverend Madame Vice President Charlamagne? Yes, sir. Thank y'all for being in Detroit tonight. Thank you. Recently, Madame Vice President by one of Trump's surrogates from the black faith-based community. You've been criticized by him, And others for your lack of engagement to the black church. Hmm. Knowing That, the black church is an unrivaled place in the heart of black people. Of course. What could you speak to as It relates to a future, a Harris administration? How you would partner with the black church to address some of the urgent needs of the black community.


Dr. King talked about the fierce urgency of right now And as a church, trium churches in That place. So first of all, That allegation, of course, is coming from the Trump team because They are full of missing And disinformation because they're trying to disconnect me from the people I have worked with And, And, That, I am from, so That, They can try And have some advantage in this election. 'cause otherwise They have nothing to run on. I grew up in the black church. I grew up. I grew up attending 23rd Avenue, church of God in Oakland, California. That's church. Yes. That is church. My pastor is Amos C. Brown of Third Baptist Church in San Francisco, California.


Yes. I have throughout my career, And as vice president. And recently been actively engaged in the church. And church leaders. Not only so we can share in fellowship, but so we can share in what we can do together. That is about supporting the community, the strength of the community, the cohesion of the community. And. It is my longstanding work, And, therefore my pledge going forward. I will always work closely with the church because I understand who our church leaders are. And, who the congregation is. We are talking about people who are driven by faith. And, the ability to see what is possible by faith.


Where I was raised, And You know. Many of us were understanding That, our God is a loving God. That our faith propels us to act in a way. That is about kindness. And justice, And mercy That is about lifting one another up. And. Let's talk about the contrast here. Donald Trump And, his followers spend full time trying to suggest That. The measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down, which is absolutely contrary to the church. You know He sells Bibles though. Where, where our church And, my church is about saying true leadership. The measure of That is based on who you lift up. And, right?


And. Then he's selling $60 Bibles or tennis shoes, And as And And trying to play people as though That makes him more understanding of the black community. Come on. Thank you Reverend. Thank you For the correction. Thank you Reverend Appreci. Good And. God Appreciate you Every day all the time. There you go. I. Make sure you get That right now. Have you seen the clip, Madame Vice President from the gre? It's, it's, it's a clip that's kind of outta context. And It says That, you won't do anything specifically for black people. Have you seen That? Have You I have not seen That? we, It's, it's a clip. That has you saying That you, you're not going to do anything specifically for black people. We, that's just not true.


And And, listen again. You said It. AT. The beginning of this visit. Charlemagne, one of the biggest challenges That I face is missing And. Disinformation. And. It's purposeful because It is meant to convince people That They somehow should not believe That the work That I have Don has, has occurred. And has meaning. My work from the beginning of my career through today has been about, for example, we've talked about It. Whether It be on HBCUs, whether It be on healthcare, black maternal mortality, I am singularly, many would say, one of the highest level leaders in our country to bring the issue of black maternal mortality to the stage of the White House to address It the work That, I've Don That has been about focusing on my knowledge, And my experience, And my life experience of knowing the entrepreneurship That we have in the community, the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams, And then tapping into That.


So That, not only has my work been about ensuring That, we have some of the lowest black unemployment ever in our country. But That also knowing That That should be a baseline. That. Everybody has a job. And. What we should be invested in is also building wealth in the community. And intergenerational wealth. And I have many, many examples of That. But again, part of the challenge That I face is That. They are trying to scare people away because They know They otherwise have nothing to run on. Ask Donald Trump what his plan is for black America. Ask him what You know. I'll tell you what It is.


Look, AT Project 2025, project 2025 tells you the plan includes making police departments have stop And frisk policies. The plan includes making It more difficult for workers to receive overtime pay. The plan includes ending the ability of Medicare to negotiate drug prices. You know what we have Don. He said he would, we did, which means That. That's how we brought down the cost of prescription medication. His plan includes making It more difficult for working people to get by And to destroy our democracy. You know what he says he'll do terminate the Constitution of the United States.


That's right. Let me remind folks You know what's in the Constitution of the United States. The Fourth Amendment, which protects you against unreasonable searches, And, seizures, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment, the 14th Amendment, And. He's gonna terminate the Constitution of the United States, which in most of those amendments, one thing or another, was about a movement spurred by black people to ensure That we would be equally protected under the law. Come on, Let's take a question from talkback. Hi, my name is Joshua Fisher. Age 31 years old. African American male from Las Vegas, Nevada. I'd like to ask Madam Vice president, what laws does she have planned to make sure That, there's a stop to police brutality. And murders That have been going on viciously.


So again, the work That I have Don through my career. And the most recently, even when I was in the United States Senate to help write the George Floyd Justice And Policing Act. Cory Booker And I worked very closely on That. Could You tell people why That That didn't pass to give folks a quick civic civics lesson? We couldn't get the votes in Congress. we I there's a clip somewhere of me fighting with a, a, a Republican senator, Senator to actually, same difference, right? To actually get It passed. We couldn't get It, get It passed. But what we did when we came in office, And And, during the time That, I've been vice president, is we passed an executive order. So whereas we were trying And I have been trying to make these things national.


So That, everyone would have to do It, an executive order by the President. And, our administration says, That for federal law enforcement. The following things have to happen, which we for the first time put in place, no-knock warrants. Barring choke homes, a national database. Now it's for federal law enforcement, but a national database for us to collect information. And track police officers who have broken the law. And, this is no small issue. This piece, in addition to Everything else, because as we know, we've seen plenty of examples of a police officer who committed misconduct in one jurisdiction. And then goes to another jurisdiction, And gets hired because there's no, there's no place that's tracking their, their misconduct.


So these are the some of the things That, we've Don And. Then listen, I'm still gonna always work on getting the Judge George Floyd Justice And Policing Act Pact. Part of the work That I'm doing as a candidate for President of the United States, includes lifting up those candidates who are running either for reelection or for the first time to Congress who are supportive of what we need to do on all of the issues we've been discussing. Whether It be freedom to vote And passing the John Lewis's Voting Rights Advancement Act. Whether It be freedom to make decisions about your own body, whether It be the freedom to just be And. Be free from any brutality, including police brutality When And where It occurs, I I think a lot of the frustration comes from people who will say, sometimes politicians volunteer lies because You know, yes, It It is great to try to pass the George Floyd Policing Act.


But you probably know you can't get the votes. So why push That? Why, why push That on people And, Then you can't get the votes. But I I don't I don't subscribe to That approach. And. I'm gonna tell you why It look, It It took a long time for the Voting Rights Act to get Don. It took You know It took the brutality of of, of what happened when, when John Lewis And, all those were trying to cross the, the, the Edmund Pettus Bridge. It It took It, took a lot of work over our history to do what we have accomplished thus far. And, we have to remain committed. But how do you convince Republican senator, as you just said, we part of It, And Senators. I'm sorry, we, but, but, but we, part of It is That.


Their constituents are part of this. I mean. We have plenty of folks who want this, who live in districts where They serve And. This is the point. This gets back to the earlier point about, you can't let anybody take you out of the game by not voting. You got the, the, the solutions And. Maybe this is the point you're making about p what President Obama said. The solutions are not gonna happen just overnight. And, the solutions That we all want are not gonna happen in totality because of one election. But here's the thing. The things That, we want And are prepared to fight for won't happen if we're not active. And. If we don't participate, we cannot allow circumstances to take us out the game.


Because then basically what we're saying is all those people who are obstructionists, who are standing in the way of change, they're winning. 'cause they're convincing people. That It can't be Don. So take yourself out. Don't participate. Look AT, That circle Look. AT, That, vicious circle then. So let's not fall for It. Zeke, this is my man, Zeke. He's the president, And, CEO of New era Detroit. He wants to talk to you about your blackmail agenda. Okay, good. For, for the black community or just your agenda for the black community. Period. Zeke, what's up brother? What up do what up do Madam Vice President Charlamagne Tha. God. What up do And Welcome to Detroit?


Yes sir. It's good to be back. I like to say the real Detroit 'cause I'm up in here. My name is Zeke, new air founder And, CEO. I've worked on the ground here in Detroit, And in black communities all across the, the country for over the past 10 years. Actually celebrating our 10th year this past August. Alright, in my 10 years of organizing, we played a major role in the resurgence of pride And, the change in mindset in Detroit neighborhoods across the city. We are not only known for the work That we do here in Detroit, but across the country. And black communities. Having worked in over 35 cities of the blackest cities in America saying all That to say, I'm extremely qualified to sit in front of the current vice president And, which can be the next president of the United States of America as I pose my question to you, I would first like to make It known.


That I don't have any emotional connections to politicians. I, believe That, this is one of our biggest flaws. And the political process. I view politics as a business. And America is one of the biggest corporations in the World. With That being said, I'm here on behalf of the business of the black community with all That black Americans have been through And, contribute to the success of America. I feel That. There should be an in-depth investigation or evaluation of the lack of resources. And current living conditions in black communities nationwide. Mm. My question to you is, what's your stance on reparations? We all know That America became great You know off the backs of free black labor.


How progressive are you on making It a priority? And righting America's wrongs. It's understood. That, you are running for president for all people of America. Asking for specifics for black communities doesn't mean no, don't do for others. But black Americans are heavily asked to vote Democrat And every election for over half a a century with very little in return. What are your plans to address these very important issues? And Change, That narrative. Thank you Zeke I. Appreciate That. Thank you And. Thank you for your work. So to your point, yes, I'm running to be a president for all Americans.


That being said, I do have clear eyes about the disparities. That exist, And the context in which They exist, meaning history to your point. So my agenda, we first of all, on the point of reparations, I, It has to be studied. There's no question about That. And. I've been very clear about That position in terms of my immediate plan. I will tell you a few of the following. One, as It relates to the economy, which is a lot of what you have addressed. Look, I grew up in the middle class. My mother, You know, worked hard, raised me, And, my sister And. By the time I was in high school, she was able to afford our first home.


You. know what It means for an individual. And, a family to have home ownership. I also know in the context of history, nobody got 40 acres. And a mule. We have a history of a number of things, including redlining. Detroit knows It. we a history of, for example, something That still exists. That, I've worked on to address, which is racial bias. And, home appraisals, And, we know home ownership is black. Families are 40% less likely to be homeowners than others. And. That, home ownership is one of the surest ways to build intergenerational wealth, right? Because when you own a home, home, that's when if your child says, daddy I wanna go to college, you can say, sweetheart, don't have to take out a loan.


I'll take some equity outta the house. Or if your child says, I wanna start a same, a small business, same point, right? So my plan includes making sure That for first time home buyers, They have a $25,000 down payment assistance to just get their foot in the door. 'cause we know folks will work hard. They'll save And pay That, monthly mortgage. Second point is to bring down the, the cost of housing generally. Because one of the issues is we have a housing supply shortage, And. So that's about working with the private sector in terms of our small businesses, which are part of the backbone of the economy of the black community. And part of the backbone of America's economy writ large.


My second mother woman who helped raise us was a small business owner. You know who our small business owners are. And I have convened black small business owners. Way before I was running for president in my official office, AT the White House to talk with young entrepreneurs, mostly young about the work. That They are doing. That is about clean energy work technology. As we as the traditional You know whether It be a barbershop or a restaurant. One of the big issues facing black entrepreneurs, And, black, small businesses, is access to capital. Because unlike my opponent who got handed $400 million on a silver platter, And then filed bankruptcy six times. Don't forget, That calls himself a businessman.


Not everybody has access to the capital, but They. But we know in the community, we do not lack for ambition, aspirations, dreams, hard work ethic, And. So my work has been as vice president to increase billions of dollars into community banks. And as vice president. Part of That work will also be to change the tax deduction for startup small businesses from $5,000 to $50,000. Because nobody can start a small business on $5,000 And. If you don't otherwise have intergenerational wealth, how are you gonna be able to do It? Second point on small businesses. This, I'm gonna do a, basically it's a program.


That is about a $20,000 non-refundable loan to a certain to, to basically businesses. That don't have access to wealth. And don't have those relationships, which is gonna directly impact a lot of small bus, black owned small businesses. That $20,000 non-refundable loan is what would help somebody if They need to buy equipment, right? If They need to buy an extra chalk, depending on what That business is, which we know that's a big part of what holds back our small businesses. Just having enough capital to actually pay for the things That allow you to then put your hard work into play to actually grow your business.


The other piece, And, this is something That is critically important, is to see black folks, And in particular black men as a whole human being. And, understand That. We are talking about sons, we are talking about fathers. We are talking about grandsons. We're talking about grandparents. We're talking about uncles, And, And, And. So I say That as a preface to say two other things, And, then I'll, I'll keep going. One to deal with you. Keep going. I mean you like That, you caught That. Okay, filibuster ma'am. Go To deal with healthcare for black people. And black men in particular. We know That, we still have a lot of work to do to increase, for example, the high risk That we have for colon cancer, for prostate cancer, right?


And, And to increase screenings, And to make sure That people are actually going to get the screenings. Not to mention the higher, the higher risk for sickle cell. So part of my agenda is about what we will do to deal with And And, And And. Highlight what we've gotta do to focus on black men's health And. Then a similar point is this. 40% of caregivers are men. And. We know culturally we take care of our elders. And. We have a lot of men in the community who are in the sandwich generation, who are trying to take care of their young kids. And take care of an elder parent or relative And. It's It It.


It's overwhelming for people to be able to do both. And. A lot of people have to end up thinking about leaving their job to just do It. That's right. So my plan is this one. In order for people to then afford assistance for, for hiring healthcare, home healthcare, They basically have to go broke to, to, to be eligible for Medicaid. My plan is this. Let's have Medicare And. This is, I've, I've mapped It out And. We can make It work. Medicare cover the cost of home healthcare for seniors, which means That, you are looking AT individuals in the context of their whole family. 'cause what we know is, again, understanding the culture, understanding the reality.


Lots of people are having to leave work in order to do That. So these are some examples of my agenda. And overall, It is an agenda. That understands, by the way, 'cause we, we've talked already a lot about criminal justice. That, the needs of the black community are not just about criminal justice. We need That money. It's about know, because here's the thing. We have brought down black unemployment. I said this earlier to the one of the lowest levels in history. But I'm very clear the community is not gonna stand up. And applaud just 'cause everybody has a job. That should be a baseline. My agenda is about tapping into the ambitions. And the aspirations. Knowing That folks want to have an opportunity.


If They want They should have a meaningful opportunity to build wealth, including intergenerational wealth. And. That's my agenda. You know there was a, there's a couple of things. That, you said. I, appreciate you. Thank you, thank You. There was a couple of things. That, you said That people would say were talking points. But it's really just your story. Even though They are becoming your greatest hits. When, when you, when you talk about the middle class And, your, your godmother being a small business owner. But that's just your story. It's my story. Look, I've been in this race 70 days know some people are just getting to know me, know other people have known me. And, I owe It. Listen, I feel very strongly. I need to earn every vote, which is I'm why I'm here having this candid conversation with you. And, your listeners, I I have to earn people's support.


And, I am working to do That. Before we go to another talk, back call I wanna say there, there was a time I had a politician tell me once That, if you're running for a national election, it's bad electoral strategy to say you are going to do things specifically for black people. Which is why a lot of politicians don't speak directly to their plans for black people. Is is That a thing? I? Don't Don don't know That. That's true. I. Think That. What is true is That. I am running to be a president for everybody. But I'm clear-eyed about the, the, the history. And the disparities That exist for specific communities. And, I'm not gonna shy away from That. It doesn't mean That. My policies aren't gonna benefit everybody. 'cause They are Everything I just talked about will benefit everybody.


Small business owners, whatever their race, their age, their gender, their geographic location are gonna benefit from the fact That. I'm gonna extend tax deductions to $50,000 every first time homeowner, wherever They are, whatever their race will benefit. If they're a first time home buyer with a $25,000 down payment assistance. Everyone is gonna benefit from my plan to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for the first year of their child's life. That's gonna benefit everybody. But I do realize, again, That on the issue of home ownership. For example, black people are 40% less likely to own a home. So Do you You know? Do do you feel like President Obama stepped on your rollout? Because You know you've been working on this black male agenda for, for a long time.


And, you've been doing the, the, the outreach You know with your what was the opportunity? Economy tour know And, things like That. You know, but then he made the statements That he made last week. So everybody thinks this is a reaction to That. Oh, no, no, no, no. I mean you just have to. No, obviously not. I've been doing this for quite some time, including before I was running for president. Let's go to talk about Gabe. Hi, I'm Bobby from Georgia. And. I have a question for Kamala. Harris, could you please respond to Trump's claim? That, he's going to use the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to round up immigrants if he wins the election. This law was last used to put Asian Americans in internment camps during World war. I And, I have a sneaking suspicion That.


If Trump wins, he's gonna use this law to put anyone. That doesn't look white in camps. And, I'm scared Know. So you've hit on a really important point. And expressed It I think so we, which is he is achieving his intended effect to make you scared. He is running full-time on a campaign. That is about instilling fear, not about hope, not about optimism, not about the future, but about fear And. So this is yet another example. Look what he did in saying That. Those legal immigrants in Springfield, Ohio were eating their pets.


He And And. By the way, the hypocrisy of It abounds because on the issue of immigration, let's be clear, some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress working with others, came up with a border security bill, which was the strongest, toughest border of security bill In a long, long time. It would've put 1500 more border agents, AT the border It would've reduced the flow of Fentanyl into our country, which is killing people all over our country of every race. And background It would've allowed us to do more work on prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, which I have Don in my career. Trump got word, That That. Bill was afoot, knew It would fix a problem.


And told his buddies in Congress to kill the bill. And You know why. 'cause he would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And, he's running his campaign in a way, That. He does these rallies where people, by the way, walk out. And does these rallies to try And instill fear around an issue where he actually could be part of a solution, but he chose not to. 'cause he prefers to run on a problem instead of fix a problem. And, we gotta call It out. And, see It for what It is. But doesn't the Biden administration have to take some blame for the border, though? A lot of the blame because I mean the first three years, y'all did get a lot of things wrong with the border. No Charlemagne, within hours of being inaugurated.


The first bill we passed before we did the inflation reduction Act, before we did the Bipartisan Infrastructure Act, before we did the, the, the Safer Communities Act to deal with gun violence. First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system. Which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was President. And, you can look AT every step along the way. We then tightened up the, the asylum application process. We then worked with what we needed to do to secure ports of entry. We did a number of things, including what we did to try And get That border security bill passed And. Then also an executive order.


That has actually reduced significantly the number of illegal crossings. And And tightened up what needs to happen in between ports of entry. But no, we've been working on It ever since. But, so What we wrong? But Something had to go wrong. But here's, here's, here's what, what has to happen. Congress has to act to fix the immigration system. And. It has been broken for a long time. Congress has to act, but It does not help. When finally a bipartisan group got together to fix It And, Donald Trump told them, hold on, don't do That. 'cause It won't, It won't help me politically. Why do you allow him to call you the border star when That were, that's not even your That wasn't your Role.


You I'm not giving him permission for That. You're right, but, but I mean you don't push back on It. 'cause That wasn't your, that's not That wasn't your role. What, what Fact checkers have made That clear. Okay, look, if I responded to every name he called me, I wouldn't be focused on the things. That actually helped the American people. And. That's my focus. That is, That is true. I. I, before we go to talk back, I wanted us to take something else. I don't feel like the Biden administration has treated Trump like a real threat to democracy. And. That's why America doesn't realize how much of a threat he is. It's one thing to say It, but you have to act on It. Don't you believe Merrick Garland should have moved faster to put Donald Trump in prison for leading an attempt to cool this country. The Department of Justice is It has independence in terms of how They make those decisions as They should And.


Let's also be very clear. Donald, what do you think? we Noel No I. Donald Trump has been very clear. That. He would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. He has been very clear. That, he would take out the Live from Detroit. Michigan And exclusively on iHeartRadio. We'll tackle the tough questions, depressing issues. And the future of our nation. Now here's your host, Charlemagne the God. Yes, piece of the planet is Charlamagne Tha God here with Madame Vice President Kamala. Harris, how are You? Very, we Charlamagne, how you doing? Listen, we got 20 days And, 60 minutes. So we just need to get to It. I'm with you. Oh, It was 21 days. How Are you? Because you did, you did just walk in. You was, you was kind of late. So I'm Very, we we I try to be on time.


That, we apparently, I'm 40 seconds late. You're right. we, You are black. So, okay. Okay. Now, now You know one thing they've been saying. A lot of your press hits get criticized. You know folks say you come off as very scripted. They say you like to stick to your talking points. And, some media says you have That would be called discipline. Ooh, okay. Speak to That, but Go on. No I. I was say, some people say you have an inability to fearlessly say who you are. And what you believe. You know that's not true. But what? But what do you say to That criticism And Is It fair for s And l To make fun of It Hast my Rudolph. And wonderful. Yes. I think I. I have nothing but admiration for the comedy. And. I think it's, it's important to be able to laugh. AT yourself, And each other. But What do you say?


People say You in the, in the spirit of, of obviously comedy. Yes, And not belittling people, as my opponent would do. But What do, but what do you say to people who say you, you stay on the talking points. I would say you're Welcome. I mean. Listen, here's the thing. I love having conversations, which is why I'm so happy to be with you this afternoon. And And. The reality is That. There are certain things That must be repeated to ensure That I have everyone know what I stand for. And. The issues That I think are AT stake in this election. And. So It requires repetition. You know, some people say That AT. If until someone has heard the same thing AT least three times, It just doesn't stay with you.


So repetition is important. And for That. Reason. Yes. AT, my rallies I say the same thing When I go to Detroit as I do in Philly as I do wherever I am to make sure That people here And And receive what I think are some of the most critical issues. That are AT stake this selection It. There has to be a a high level of anxiety too. When you have these conversations though, 'cause you are running for president, I mean You. know what? There's certainly a lot of I I feel the weight of the moment. And, my role. I feel an extraordinary weight of responsibility right now to do Everything. I can, I'm telling you Charlamagne, when I go to bed, AT night, I I almost every night in addition to my prayers will ask, have I Don Everything I could do today?


Hmm. This is a margin of error. Race. It's tight. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. But it's tight. And You know what is AT stake is truly profound. And al And historics. Many would say And, it's about You. know some people would say this lofty notion of of s of supporting And And preserving our democracy. But It It is about real issues. That affect people every day. Like whether we're gonna maintain a $35 cap on insulin for our seniors. Whether we're gonna continue to allow Medicare And to negotiate drug prices to bring 'em down. Whether we are going to have, as my opponent would have a formalized stop And frisk policy for which he has said, if a police department does not do It, They should be defunded or not.


There is so much AT stake whether America's gonna stand on its principles around the importance of sovereignty. And territorial integrity. And stand with our allies around the World or whether we're gonna admire dictators. And send during the height of Covid And, the pandemic Covid tests That. Nobody could get to the president of Russia for his personal use when black people were dying every day by the hundreds during That time. know I feel like That one, That one has gone over people's heads. The fact That, he was sending Covid test to Putin. I mean You. know I Invite I. Don't your listeners, the people we know the number of people who lost their grandparents. And parents remember what That was like during the height of Covid And.


A lot of It people were scrambling for the resources. And needed tests. And Donald Trump. During That time secretly sent Covid tests to the president of Russia. Who by the way, do not forget in the 2016 election, 'cause I was a member of the Senate Intelligence committee when we, when we investigated It targeted black voters in 2016 with missing And disinformation to discourage black people from voting in That election. And And. This is just another of the very many examples of who Donald Trump really is. know And And. The danger he presents know to real People.


Sending covid test to Russia. That doesn't sound very America first AT all but, but it's not just you versus Trump. It's you versus misinformation. Yes, that's true, right? And And, one of the biggest know pieces of misinformation. One of the biggest allegations against you is That. You targeted And locked up thousands of of black men in San Francisco for weed. Some say you did It to boost your career. Some say you did It outta pure hate for black men. Please tell us the facts. What's the facts of That Situation? It's just simply not true. And in what public defenders who around those days will tell you. I was the most progressive prosecutor in California on marijuana cases. And would not send people to jail for simple po possession of weed. And as vice president have been a champion for bringing marijuana down on the schedule.


So instead of It being ranked up there with heroin, we bring It down. And, my pledges as President I will work on decriminalizing It because You know exactly how those laws have been used to disproportionately impact certain populations. And, specifically black men. Before. Before we get into You, know the talk back feature, And It. Take some questions from the audience. I I do wanna talk to you about the legalization of we, because you're saying you wanna legalize It. Now, what steps did the Biden administration take to get closer to That reality? So we had to work with the DEA And. And. It's, there's a certain level of bureaucracy. That exists in the federal government. That slows things down.


But essentially to bring down how weed is classified, how marijuana is classified to make It classified as a lesser harm And. So That took some time. There's a whole process around That, but that's the work That. We have Don in addition to work That, we have Don writ large on criminal justice reform. Okay, let's take some calls, let's take some we not calls. Let's go to the talk back feature. My question for Kamala is why are we And I say we, because my tax dollars is sending the money. Why are we sending money to other countries when we desperately need It in our own country for homeless housing resources, for whatever.


That is my determining factor If I vote for Kamala or not. That's, that's one of the reasons the America first rhetoric resonates. 'cause nobody in America would complain about where money was going. If American citizens every everyday needs were being met. So what, what do you say to That? We can do It. All And. We do. Mm. So first of all, I maintain very strongly. America should never pull ourselves away for hour responsibility. As The World leader And That is in the best interest of our national security And. Each one of us as Americans, And our standing in the World World.


Two American citizens, obviously And people who are here to meet their everyday needs And challenges. Which is why, for example, we have Don the work in the last four years of bringing down the cost of prescription medication. Whether It be $35 a month for seniors for, for insulin or $2,000 a year cap on prescription medication. What we have, Don That has been about putting $17 billion in our HBCUs. I am proud to be the first HBCU Vice President of the United States. I intend to be the first HBCU President, okay. Of the United States. Those resources are about sending them to centers of academic excellence. That You know them to be the work That I continue to do is about increasing access to capital for our small businesses, It is about increasing the opportunity for home ownership.


Knowing That black people are 40% less likely to be homeowners. In America, we have a history of legal And, And And, procedural obstacles to That home ownership. Starting with the fact nobody got 40 acres. And a mule to red lining to to issues That this Detroit area, And people around the country know to be real. So part of my plan is That. We're gonna give people a $25,000 down payment assistance to get their foot in the door to buy a home for first time home buyers. The work That I'm gonna do to increase housing supply in America. Knowing That, that's one of the reasons That rents, And housing prices are jacked up. And to work with the private sector, cut through the red tape.


And work to build more housing. 3 million before the end of my first term. And I. Give these examples. And. There are many more which I will offer. So for example, the work That I will do to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for young families during the first year of their child's life. 'cause as you And I, both know our families all have a natural desire to parent their children. we, but not always the resources. So by expanding the child tax credit to the first year of child's life, to $6,000 That gives That young family the ability to buy a car seat or a crib or clothes. The things That are so important during That critical phase of That child's development. So That They can get on the road. And actually have a chance.


AT succeeding. You Know You said we can do It all but, but can we, because You know. Tupac famously said, You know we got money for war, but can't feed, feed the poor. Right? And, I I saw President Obama say last week, That You know you. You really shouldn't expect You know a, a president to to to rid the, the World of all of its problems. And And. So is It fair to tell people, Hey, we can do It all? 'cause that's when people get disappointed when things don't happen. But I I think President Obama is absolutely correct. But It doesn't mean we can't do anything. That's right. So when I talk about extending the child tax credit as I, when I was vice president, I pushed That. We would do It. During our first year And, we reduced child, black child poverty in America by 50%.


We did That. We can do That. My plan That is about building up home ownership in the black community. We can do That. My work That has been about increasing access to capital, bringing billions more dollars into our community banks, which I've Don as vice president through cooperation, And partnership with some of the big banks, And tech companies to get more access to capital for our entrepreneurs, for our businesses. We've Don That. So we should never sit back. And say, okay, I'm not gonna vote because Everything hasn't been solved. I share a desire. That Everything should be solved. By the way, I think It is what we should all want. But That doesn't.


That shouldn't stand in the way of us also knowing we can participate in a process that's about improving things And by voting. In this election, you have two choices or you don't vote, but you have two choices if you do And the, it's two very different visions for our nation. One mind That is about taking us forward. And progress, And investing the American people investing in their ambitions, dealing with their challenges. And the other. Donald Trump is about taking us backward. The other is about fascism. Why can't we just say It? Yes. We can say That You know Reverend Solomon Klock Jr. I want you to meet him. He is the senior pastor of Triumph Church.


Was Reverend Ken Lock. Oh, he's here. Come on. Tell secret service. Move out the way. It's okay. It's just a reverend know. All right. Hey Reverend. What's up Reverend Madame Vice President Charlamagne? Yes sir. Thank y'all for being in Detroit tonight. Thank you. Recently Madame Vice President by one of Trump's surrogates from the black faith-based community. You've been criticized by him And others for your lack of engagement to the black church. Hmm. Knowing That, the black church is an unrivaled place in the heart of black people. Of course. What could you speak to as It relates to a future, a Harris administration? How you would partner with the black church to address some of the urgent needs of the black community.


Dr. King talked about the fierce urgency of right now And as a church. Triumph Church is in That place. So first of all, That allegation, of course, is coming from the Trump team because They are full of missing And disinformation because they're trying to disconnect me from the people. I have worked with And, And, That, I am from, so That, They can try. And have some advantage in this election. 'cause otherwise They have nothing to run on. I grew up in the black church. I grew up. I grew up attending 23rd Avenue, church of God in Oakland, California. That's church. Yes. That is church. My pastor is Amos C.


Brown of Third Baptist Church in San Francisco, California. Yes. I have throughout my career, And as vice president. And recently been actively engaged in the church. And church leaders. Not only so we can share in fellowship, but so we can share in what we can do together. That is about supporting the community, the strength of the community, the cohesion of the community. And. It is my longstanding work, And, therefore my pledge going forward. I will always work closely with the church because I understand who our church leaders are. And, who the congregation is. We are talking about people who are driven by faith.


And, the ability to see what is possible by faith. Where I was raised, And You know. Many of us were understanding That, our God is a loving God. That our faith propels us to act in a way. That is about kindness. And justice, And, mercy That is about lifting one another up. And, let's talk about the contrast here. Donald Trump And, his followers spend full time trying to suggest That. The measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down, which is absolutely contrary to the church. You know He sells Bibles though, Where? Where our church And, my church, is about saying true leadership.


The measure of That is based on who you lift up. And, right? And. Then he's selling $60 Bibles or tennis shoes, And as And. And trying to play people as though That makes him more understanding of the black community. Come on. Thank you Reverend. Thank you for the Correction. And. Thank you Reverend And. I. Appreciate And, good to You again, And, every day, all the Time. There you go I. Had to make sure you get That right now. Have you seen the clip, Madam Vice President from the Grill? It's a, it's, it's a clip that's kind of outta context. And It says, That, you won't do anything specifically for black people. Have you seen That? Have you I have not seen That? We, it's, it's a clip. That has you saying That you, you're not going to do anything specifically for black people.


We, that's just not true. And And, listen again. You said It. AT. The beginning of this visit. Charlemagne, one of the biggest challenges That I face is missing And. Disinformation. And. It's purposeful because It is meant to convince people That They somehow should not believe That the work That, I have Don has, has occurred. And has meaning. My work from the beginning of my career through today has been about, for example, we've talked about It. Whether It be on HBCUs, whether It be on healthcare, black maternal mortality, I am singularly, many would say, one of the highest level leaders in our country to bring the issue of black maternal mortality to the stage of the White House to address It the work.


That, I've Don That has been about focusing on my knowledge, And my experience, And my life experience of knowing the entrepreneurship That we have in the community, the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams, And then tapping into That. So That. Not only has my work been about ensuring That, we have some of the lowest black unemployment ever in our country, but That also knowing That That should be a baseline. That. Everybody has a job. And. What we should be invested in is also building wealth in the community. And intergenerational wealth. And I have many, many examples of That. But again, part of the challenge That I face is That.


They are trying to scare people away because They know They otherwise have nothing to run on. Ask Donald Trump what his plan is for black America. Ask him what You know. I'll tell you what It is. Look, AT Project 2025, project 2025 tells you the plan includes making police departments have stop And frisk policies. The plan includes making It more difficult for workers to receive overtime pay. The plan includes ending the ability of Medicare to negotiate drug prices. You know what we have Don. He said he would, we did, which means That. That's how we brought down the cost of prescription medication.


His plan includes making It more difficult for working people to get by And to destroy our democracy. You know what he says he'll do terminate the Constitution of the United States. That's right. Let me remind folks You know what's in the Constitution of the United States. The Fourth Amendment, which protects you against unreasonable searches, And, seizures, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment, the 14th Amendment, And. He's gonna terminate the Constitution of the United States, which in most of those amendments, one thing or another, was about a movement spurred by black people to ensure That we would be equally protected under the law. Come on, Let's take a question from talk back.


Hi, my name is Joshua Fisher. Age 31 years old. African American male from Las Vegas, Nevada. I'd like to ask madam Vice president, what laws does she have planned to make sure That, there's a stop to police brutality. And. Murders That have been going on viciously. So again, the work That I have Don through my career. And the most recently, even when I was in the United States Senate to help write the George Floyd Justice And Policing Act. Co Booker And I worked very closely on That. Could you tell People why That That didn't pass? To give folks a quick civic civics lesson? We couldn't get the votes in Congress. we I there's a clip somewhere of me fighting with a, a, a Republican senator, Senator to actually same difference, right?


To actually get It passed. We couldn't get It, get It passed. But what we did when we came in office, And And during the time That, I've been vice president, is we passed an executive order. So whereas we were trying And I have been trying to make these things national. So That, everyone would have to do It And executive order by the President And, our administration says, That for federal law enforcement. The following things have to happen, which we for the first time put in place, no-knock warrants. Barring chokehold, a national database. Now it's for federal law enforcement, but a national database for us to collect information. And track police officers who have broken the law.


And, this is no small issue. This piece, in addition to Everything else, because as we know, we've seen plenty of examples of a police officer who committed misconduct in one jurisdiction. And then goes to another jurisdiction, And gets hired because there's no, there's no place that's tracking their, their misconduct. So these are the some of the things That, we've Don And. Then listen, I'm still gonna always work on getting the Judge George Floyd Justice And Policing Act pact. He's convicted of 34 of them letting attempted cool. This country tells people how much of a facet he plans to be. He shouldn't be anywhere near the White House. But what we, the media keeps acting like it's a normal candidacy. And They make these false equivalencies between you two. What do you think of the double standard?


And is It frustrating to, for people to say you're not fit for office, but he is I can't let It frustration get in the way of, of doing what I need to do right now, which is reminding people of exactly what you said. I do believe he is a threat to our democracy. I do believe he is unfit. And. I believe he's unstable. And, I think many people believe That. So my job, And, my responsibility is to do what I've been doing. Having rallies where thousands of people show up, where they're taking time outta their bus, busy lives. So I can help let them know, That, we are all in this together. That, the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us. And That, part of being engaged right now is about building community, building coalition.


And speaking out against what we clear. See clearly this is the thing I love about the American people. It don't ever underestimate the American people in terms of their intelligence. People can see what's going on. And, I do believe And have faith. That people are gonna vote based on what They know is going on. And what They would prefer to have in terms of one turning the page on That Mess. And And really charting a, a new way forward. I believe. That, Absolutely. Thank you, Madame Vice President. Thank you, Charlemagne. This has been iHeartRadio We, The People in Audio Town Hall with Vice President Kamala.


Harris. Remember, your voice matters. Stay informed. Stay engaged, And most importantly, make sure to vote. Thank you for joining us.