
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. Let's get I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything In everybody. You that Lucy, you know, if you don't lie about that, Right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey. Hey y'all. What's up? It's Lauren the Rosa, and this is the latest with Lauren la This is your daily dig on everything. Pop culture trending, exclusive news. But y'all know, we get into those conversations that really shake the room. I'm your host Lauren la and today with me to celebrate a million downloads, we got Miss Viral herself. Just Hilarious. Woo.


A million fucking girl. Like, what's up? It's a million people that's listening to me. Talk about what I love that period, the latest, everything. Yeah. I love it too, soldier. It's kind of crazy that a million people wanna hear me talk. 'cause I've been talking for a long time. And they used to always tell me, shut up and be quiet. Jess, Shut up. Don't. Oh, see. Damn. Don't do that. So you've been getting, look, I can only imagine her in school. My teachers loved me because I always wanted to participate. 'cause I always wanted to get in front of the class and talk. But they also hated that I was always talking And I was always entertaining class. But I was, you know what, Emini here, I got through it. Lauren wanted to be the teacher. Period. Period. No, seriously. I would come in and be like, you know, I, I looked this up. No, I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. And I was very respectful.


But yes, Jess Hilarious is joining us today and the latest with Lauren La Rosa Tyler here too. Y'all. Hey y'all and baby pj. Hey y'all. So we do, Jess is your first time on the pod. We do a behind the scenes of the grind, a check-in. So I ask, how are you feeling? It has to be a real answer. It has to be one word. And then you can explain your one word. Hmm. So just hilarious. Checking in behind the scenes of your grind. How are you feeling today? Horny. Ooh. Oh, you know how you just come off that period and you'd be like Taking everything down Like you really, really need it? Yeah. That's ma See over here had a period in, in eight months. So she No. Oh, I was gonna say like, oh, I'm not honey.


I got some air earlier. Like this morning. Oh, you got Some earlier. Y'all Baby. They trying to make that baby come out. Okay. It's 7:20 AM Thursday. I know that's right, Taylor. That's why she was in a good mood when she walked in. Yes. Like, hey, because she always in a good mood. Taylor be mad at me. And she walked in smiling. Thank you Big Patrick. Yes. Yes. Not the little one in your stomach. I Know that's right. Okay. But Yeah. Yeah. Very much honey. But now, all jokes aside, I, I feel, hmm. What's a good word? Is it gotta be one word, Lauren. You could, you don't have to be one word. We, we like to go in with one word. 'cause it makes you think and then you explain it. So it's technically not one word, but, Hmm.


Hmm. I don't, I just, I guess just good. I feel, I feel really good. That's a good place to be in. Yes. I'm there too, where it's like, I'm just, I just feel good. I don't got nothing I can complain about. Don't have nothing to complain about. Yeah. Everything's good. Everything. You know what, Emini here all areas. And that's the reason for it. You know, I don't have anything to complain about. So I guess, you know, I, well a better word would be great then. Everything is good. Our energy, our chemistry. Even in the bedroom, everything is good. My husband is fine. My family is good. My two kids are great. They're in good health. I think I'm good with the Lord. Last week I pissed 'em off a little bit. We, we straight now. We good. Everything is good, y'all. How, how is that like, you know?


'cause I know y'all Marley's, what, eight months? Months? Eight months? Eight. No, she is nine months. My baby is nine months. Months Today. Yes. Yes. Nine months today. Happy nine months. Marley. Thank Marley. Yes. But how is that like, 'cause now you know you have Ash. He, he's older so he probably stays out your way. But Emini here he is still your kid and he needs attention. Yes, he is. Then you got nine month, a nine month old in the house. Oh my God. Chris's mom, Chris is Jess Hilarious. His husband. Yes. Yes. Is there helping you guys. But y'all have to have like Jaw's time. She's the in-house nanny. Yes. And that's what we're still trying to Glad you put that up. That's what we still trying to balance right now. Because with everything being so in-house and Marley demanding so much attention from dad and mom, and not only nanny, but dad and mom. 'cause she wants her time with us no matter what.


It is a little hard. You know, I'm working on a book and then I, I'm working on writing for my special and then I got, you know, still have to be present online to do like, just with the mess and still know what you're talking about every morning on Breakfast Club. You know, keeping up, just keeping abreast with everything. Like, it, it is a lot, but it's a good overwhelming, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm good. I'm good. I'm finally out of the postpartum. The, see, I never like to say depression. Clap for that. After the postpartum depression. I feel like I'm outta that. I'm back into myself. Although I'm sad that I'm not able to make any more milk for my daughter. But I think that was playing a big role in my emotions. Just me not being able to make milk and me traveling and start doing everything back so early.


And it, it, it was a big decrease in my milk. But my daughter is healthy. She's fine. I'm good. I had to learn to give myself grace. Which Milan Milano from Milan de Rouge. I love her so much. Like, you know how you meet somebody the first time and you, and it's hard to be like, I don't know, I still gotta feel that vibe. No, it was like instant gratification. That is a girl's girl and she is a woman who you can tell has gone through things. Yes. And learned how to give herself grace. And that's why she can extended the other women. Yo, I got one hug from her and then just like a five minute conversation And I just felt so liberated after like, not many of us do that with each other, you know?


And so I met her in Atlanta. We went to a dinner not too long ago. But I wanted to say that yo, she's a really, really good person. From what I got From her. That's her spirit. People like I Spirit. That's it. Yeah. That's her spirit. She, she, I always tell her like, you are such an angel on earth. She knows when to call you. She know when to pull you up. She no wanna be like, yo, she'll call me, be like, LA Rosa, stop playing you on here. Like, she crazy. You know what Emini here, like, she knows she, she's just one of them people. Like she, But we need those types of people. Yeah. And I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm glad that I met her, you know, and I'm, I'm happy that you actually told me like, oh, that's my sister. That's my sister. You know what? Emini here not met her. And I'm like, oh my God. You do. You seem just like a sister. Like damn. She is. But yeah, just wanted to say that. But yes. Well, I'm happy. How do you know when you're out of the postpartum? Because I tell people all the time that with me thinking about like when I'm gonna have kids and do that whole thing, you're the first person I've ever had to see go through the transition of having a baby and come back to work up close.


Yeah. I have friends who have had kids, but I'm doing my own thing, so I'm not watching up close. You're the first person I've had to ever see that happen with. Yeah. And me watching you, I'm like, dang. Like a lot of times, like I know you're going through things or you're dealing with things and it's nothing anybody can do. No, but How do you know when you're out of it? Do you just feel it? It's, it is like a certain energy. You don't feel guilty anymore. You don't, you stop blaming yourself for things that you can't even control. You're not mad, you're not angry. Yo, most of the time I was feeling down and didn't know why I am like, yo, what is wrong with me? And I was just, when you're there, you're just by yourself. You sitting in and you like, yo, why can't I do this? Right. Why do I feel like a bad mom? Even if I didn't do anything Right. Why do I feel like, you know, I I'm, people are gonna forget about me online if I don't go back to work soon.


Or you know, if I don't start making videos soon, oh my God. You know, and how everything moves these days, like very instant with Instagram. Yeah. And instant social media platforms, we feel like we will be forgotten about. Especially if you are an influencer, you know about it because there's so many now. Yeah. It's so many now. So it's like you feel like you're gonna be forgotten or on the next, 'cause people's attention, attention spans these days way shorter than they used to be. So. Yeah. But I'm outta that now. I feel like I, I'm back to myself. I feel that way. I feel pretty Even when if I got on a hat And I, I, yo I felt so ugly. Even with a face full of makeup on and a wig or whatever, or like a beautiful style. I could be dressed to press And I still just felt ugly though.


Like, now you can't tell me nothing. And I'm not even dressed to impress every day. I'm getting tired of waking up four o'clock in the morning to do makeup, to look at these two bald haired niggas in here. Sorry. Every got hair. It is leaving though. It's definitely, Sometimes he got it. You know, sometimes he identifies bald as bald when he don't put the hairline on Baldy between appointments. Hey yo. So what you got? Because girl, every, when I say everybody, we just had Dawn Staley come up here at The Breakfast Club yesterday. First thing she said when she walked through the door, where's Lauren? I, I need the update on Diddy. She said that as soon as she walked through the door, Dawn Staley. Oh my God. Really? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. So she wanted to know, yo, you really got people listening. So I'm not surprised that a million people out there wanting to hear what's going on me.


That's crazy. Me. Soon as she walked through the door, she said, I need my Diddy update. You'll see it. Wow. Crazy. Oh my God. So I'm proud of You. Thank you. Yeah. Wow. Y'all don't make me emotional. It's Okay. Be emotional girl. I was just crying for six months 'cause you stole my job. So go in, sign all. Yo this is the, this is the ongoing insider between me and Laura. Y'all Don't, it's so funny all the time. Don't get serious. And honestly, lemme tell y'all people always running up on me asking me about Jess. And if I had to tell y'all one more time, I think I need to start punching people and then they gonna stop asking me. No, don't you got too much to do. You have too much to lose right now. You cannot punch nobody. Oh, I can balance, I can punch and still no go to court.


That, That little Delaware mouth is feisty y'all. So don't, don't think y'all can say too much. 'cause this girl, she can get like that. Well, speaking of the feisty going real quick, because you know, I love to take y'all to court. Love to take y'all to court. So yesterday in court, we, or they, the prosecutors brought a witness to the stand. They brought a couple, they brought, they finished up with the HSI agent. That's a Homeland Security Investigations agent. Mm. Which is crazy because I used to be emailing them when all this Diddy stuff first started. Mm. So to see these people on the stand, I'm like, oh look. Yeah. Put your names to the faces. Well, I, I wasn't emailing the, those exact people, but the office itself just to just get updates on what was happening when they did the raids and all that.


So yeah, it is like a, it's coming around full circle type of thing. Gotcha. So to see, to see them on, on the stand and they're testifying about like the guns that they found and, you know, all these things. I'm like, man, they've been building a case yesterday in court. They announced today they'd actually been building a case since November 17th, 2023. Cassie filed her lawsuit. A I believe it was days after that. I don't quote me on that. She filed in November, 2023 for sure. But I believe that the indictment happened and then Cassie filed her lawsuit. People have, have always been trying to pin it on her lawsuit is what made all this start going. Yeah. It doesn't seem like her lawsuit was what made it start going because Came out, there's a coincidence.


Like they started a few days before she decided to, They probably had reached out to her, I'm sure. Oh, okay. You know, Emini here. That is, They're investigating. They probably reached out to her and had some conversations and things of that nature. Yeah. Because then she became a star witness for them. But, got it. I I Just say that to say people in the beginning thought that this was like egregious and the cops ran down on him. 'cause remember the fads came in on land. Yeah. They came in from sea. People was like, yo, this is too much. We're talking about d like they was Trying to take down Enos. Okay. But, and you know, not that it, I'm not saying whether it was deserved or not, but you know, they gotta proceed with caution because they found automatic rifles. Yeah. Like they found ar fifteens, they found, you know, they, they found a ton of thing, a ton of drugs in the home.


The jury got to see all of that yesterday. I don't know what it is about Ketamine. Yeah. And DMA. But that had Diddy hooked. It was a lot. Yeah. What He had enough drugs in that Miami house for a whole Freaknik. Mm. It was insane. All the things that we saw yesterday. And, and here's the thing, he's so consistent. All of the previous executive assistants in including the one that testified yesterday, talked about this pouch, this Gucci pouch that he would keep his medicine and, and his drugs in allegedly. And there was a, there there's always a pouch. Yeah. When they came and ran in on him in the hotel that he was in, in New York, there was the Louis Vuitton pouch that had, and it's always the same stuff in there.


And I'm like, wow, what's up with him and these pouch? It's very consistent. You Know what's crazy though? Like, as we have, I know you gotta get through it, but like, as we have seen, as we have seen Diddy, like throughout the years, nothing about him red, I'm on drugs or I'm hooked or I'm addicted or anything. How was he able to make that look? I so normal. I think He didn't do drugs at all. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We knew he was something, something I'm saying high. Exactly how high. It seems like he was getting Oh yeah. It didn't get That. How are you able to be like Functioning Yeah. A functioning addict. Functioning at the level that you are functioning at. We never seen no type of nothing that said, oh no.


That, that nigga's a junkie. Oh, he's on drugs. Like he's an addict. Yes. You know, so Big. No big functioning. Like Yeah. The executive assistant that they had on the stand yesterday that they're actually gonna finish with in court today, talked about how Diddy's lives would intertwine. Like you might be traveling. He was like, one day they were, they were out a country somewhere on a yacht. And he was like, you know, he would travel with them. So he was there and he said, you know, even if, you know, did Diddy was there allegedly like partying, drinking, drugs, all of that. He was still working. He at the time was working on a fragrance. He flew in d the different people from the fragrance brand. I believe it was Estee Lauder. He flew them in so they could have a conversation and smell some of the like different notes and things because he was putting together a fragrance.


And I'm like, one thing I, one thing that this trial has shown me, yeah, Diddy, I knew he had money, but to see how he was living like intimately Emini here. Like we're seeing all of his homes, you're hearing assistance testify that their job was to wake up before he woke up just to set the energy. Right. That is so crazy rich. It's, you know what Emini here, like his, his temperature of his home needs to be a certain way. His food has to be a certain way. He has, you have to organize his folders a certain way. I'm like, man, the amount of success that this man was able to accumulate from hip hop And now this is where it's all coming to a halt. It's insane. Like it's power. Oh my god.


Yeah. At one point they, the assistant testified yesterday that at one point he had four assistants. Mm. Because he had an assistant for Combs Enterprises, which was the company that overlooked all of the businesses. You know, four assistants is insane. Full security team stylists. They would have protocols about how they traveled with him. Like one car had to kind of like go like kind of be on the side of his card. Then there was one car behind his car. 'cause they wanted to make sure that like, no one could just pull up and like shoot the car. Yeah. Yeah. And I'm like, I think because we've grown with Diddy for all these years and we've been around him, we know the success. But I don't know if we really felt it being in court. I didn't feel it And I didn't know like the things that you were describing. No, I, I didn't even think of it to be on this level at all.


Like that at all. This is a whole Emini here. He like, he like, what is it the soprano, not the soprano Scarface or some shit big balls, but like on some like even 10 times higher than that. This man is this, I ain't, I would never even think Diddy got this much po you know, I don't know. I just never thought of it to be this Specific. The assistant on the stand, the first assistant that they talked to David James, they talked to him earlier this week. He said the, the prosecutors or No, the defense. Diddy's lawyers ask the question about when Diddy would be taking these phone calls. Basically like, would it be like people of like substance or or power? The assistant said that's the most understated thing you've said today. What do you mean? He didn't even get on the phone for people who weren't people of power.


And I'm like, Yeah, that's Cr like I don't think that we understand how much of a fall we are watching. And every day when I'm in court, mind you, I'm in there taking notes. Like, okay, so this assistant did this, this assistant did, like, I'm looking at the 'cause the B that's another thing too. The business structure behind him, mass and Emini here, state to state. Like you go to Miami, he has his, he he has, he had a whole staff for his home. Yeah. Just his home alone in Miami. Then he had certain places he would go to in Miami. He had people that would travel with him to certain places. New York, same thing. La same thing. And Then you gotta think about it, man, this shit had to take, so, you know how much time it take to build a, an operation like this build a whole lot a a well-oiled transmission like this.


Like yes. To keep this ship going. He had to build this shit over years and years and years. Yep. And then for rock oil, Baby Oil, oil, oil. Yeah. Yeah. But like this is a well baby oiled engine that has been moving. Like, so imagine how many people were jealous also of him. 'cause a lot of people knew not glorifying it, but you know, a lot of white people didn't even have, don't even have the power that this man has. A hundred percent. Right. So imagine how many of them was upset and mad and shit. And then also I don't believe that he needs to be the only one going to jail. No, I don't think so either. Because All one man cannot do all this. No, I do think that he is going to do sometimes And I think it's what I think he needs to sit down.


I believe he Is as well. Well I think his ass need to be in jail too. Yeah. But I, I don't think that he was the only one but, but not the only One. Yeah. But the thing is, is that a lot of these people that are, you know, getting on the stand and having these conversations, they're having other conversations with the government. So the, the assistant David James, when he was on the stand, they had asked him, you know, are you receiving anything from being here? Like immunity or whatever. And he said, I had a conversation with my, with the prosecutors who had a conversation with my attorney. They did have a conversation to some extent about something like that, but he couldn't remember exactly what it was. And I was like, oh, okay. So yeah, that is a thing. So it's basically like they're using people from this alleged enterprise that they're trying to show in court against him, him to turn on him. Yeah. To, to be able to prove it because he's the fault guy.


And that's what makes me so upset with him is because it's like, you've worked from nothing to get to all of this stuff that I'm seeing. Yeah. How dare you not like you, You put yourself in this position. Yeah. And I get you did this shit. He had a lot of things he needed to deal with. Yeah. Because when I tell you one of the things I walked away from this realizing was that no matter how much money you have, no matter, no matter how much success you have, if you don't deal with your shit, your shit gonna deal with you. Yeah. The way that he was beaten on Cassie. Disgusting. And then you, you got daughters, your mother's around you. It's like, there, there's some, there's issues there. Yeah. I don't know. But today Kid Cudi will take the stand and people are really, really hanging on the edge of their seats for that. Yes. Because he's the first celebrity to come into the courtroom and get on the stand in this, this whole case.


And people have been, other Than Cassie other, Other than Cas get Yeah, I get what you're saying. Yeah. Other than Cas. But Cassie was expected. We knew Cassie was gonna get on the stand, but Kid Cudi is the first celebrity that is getting on the stand that people didn't really know for sure if he would take the stand and Yeah. You know, people are guessing, trying to figure out what other celebrity names are involved. So I'll be there today before I get on my flight to Dr and just, you know, I bring back kind of how that testimony was. 'cause that's the big thing. That's what we're looking, you know, to, to hear of and hear from today. So Yes. Did y'all know that Biggie's nickname was Frank White? Y'all knew that What? I knew that he's Frank White and Diddy is Frank Black Boom. That was the thing that messed me up yesterday in court. The, the the Oh my God. Wow. So the assistant that is testifying now, I'm gonna get this man's name.


I hate that Biggie. It's dead because we have to ask him some stuff. What's Frank Black? I Don Dunno. So Frank Black is a name that Diddy used to use all the time. When he would, he would, it would be on the, the the prescription pill bottles for like when he would get his drugs and it would be the ho the name that they used for hotels. Girl Cassie would call him that in text messages and emails. It was like a Nickname that they used. Him. Him. Oh, dressed For Frank. Yeah. And like even when, even when they would have escorts coming to the hotels and stuff, they would be like, ask for the room for Frank Black, like stuff like that. It was like a Elliots, it was like a, you know what Emini here it was the name. She hadn't heard names as well. Wait, how we know about Frank? How we know that's Biggie's. No, I knew that because I've heard that in songs and, and stuff like that.


Yeah. He used To go, he used to go Biggie used to say that. Like he went by Frank White. Yes. Oh my. I've heard Even Ta on themselves. What the fuck? But it's crazy because I didn't even put two and two together. Crazy. And I said that to Charlemagne, he's like, it's because you're 33. And I'm like, nah, it gotta be other. Because I was in court, my mind was blown And I looked around and all the other reporters just act like nothing happened. I said, I'm gonna keep different when I get to The Breakfast Club because they gonna understand it. But yes, they were Lovers. I just, Yo no, Say it one more time. No, for the people in the back and y'all listen, I think Biggie And Diddy were lovers at a point. What if the fuck they was lovers Allegedly. What the fuck? I don't think so. Oh my God.


'cause in all this, I think Biggie In all this stuff, there has been no men that have said that Diddy has tried to physically do anything with them and all of these testimonies, But we had five more weeks left Lauren. But didn't that, didn't that person Just say that? Oh, I guess like, oh, because the thing I think think the problem with Diddy is, and Shaman think said it too, like he, he's like a secondhand gay. Like he don't want Bro, he's Like Listen, he listen like, as in like he's serious. Being serious. He doesn't, he still needs a girl as a Middleman though. Like she can, he can't go All the way fully Gay.


Just with a guy. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Secondhand gay is the most hilarious thing I've heard in months. It is. What, what? But Gay by contact is crazy. Yo. Like you gotta have the woman, you can't, I just don't take straight dick. Like I gotta have a woman around too. Okay. But no, that is, I'm I'm glad you caught that. I'm, because you're, you brought it to me. I was like, what? Nobody else was excited in the courtroom. I'm like yo. Yeah. Yeah. But that's the youthfulness in us and that's honestly, it's so, it's probably so much other shit to pay attention to. I think that people ain't even going to get that.


Like people didn't, like people didn't think to question that. Dawn Richards formerly known as Dawn Richards is on the stand like testifying against this man and she worked with him last year on a song with almost two years ago to on his last Love album. The Love album. See, okay. I had asked a a, a person close to Denny's legal team, why didn't they bring that up? Yeah. And that person was also confused as to why they didn't Yeah. As well. I just don't understand. You know what's interesting? Yesterday we, we, I keep saying we, yesterday they put a psychiatrist on the stand who speaks to clinical things and forensic things when it comes to like, you know, breakdowns of people who've been abused and abusers. She really works more so with people who've been abused.


But she talked about that as to, and it made me kind of look at Dawn's testimony a lot differently. So what she said was, is that, you know, that there's different levels in and steps of trauma and coping from trauma. So one of the things that she talked about with coping or just trying to get through it is you do things to appease, but also too, you're always holding onto when things were good. So you wanna return back to that. So it's like with, you know, for an example with Cassie, a lot of people are like, well if Cassie was, you know, getting beaten and she didn't wanna be involved with the free calls, why didn't she Just say so why didn't she just leave? But it's like when things were good, when he was treating her well, when he was affirming her, that's what she, according to the psychiatrist, those would've been things that she held onto that made her downplay everything else on top of like, you know, financial fears because she, you know, he's controlling everything allegedly and all of that.


But it made me think about Dawn because I'm like, okay, why would you go back to work with this person if you feel like they threatened your life but you're remembering the high from being dawn of Diddy Dirty money and Danity Kane and you know, when he was affirming your talent and making you feel good. It's the same thing. It's, it's not a, a sexual relationship but the working relationship, you know, and that coming from a person of power, you remember the good things, you put it out of your mind. So then it makes you return back to, okay wait, maybe I can get back in that good space. Yeah. And that's what I focused on. That was according to this psychiatrist that we, that they spoke to yesterday, which made me kind of think about things a bit different. And I'm like, yo, I feel so sorry for the jury. Yeah. Because every time you flip flop back and forth so much about how you feel about these testimonies and these things.


'cause at first I'm like, yo, they killed Dawn, they shattered her testimony so bad after hearing that forensic psychiatrist yesterday and clinical psychiatrist. I was like, well wait. Yeah, Maybe Dawn was just, you know, s that was a trauma response for her. Like it was a safe space. It was a space that felt good. 'cause that was when she was at her biggest point. Yeah. Yeah. Glo has a little nose now. It's not big anymore. What Is it? What is the accent? I have no idea. Girl. I'm drinking tequila over here. Well, okay, so look, we gonna take it to the tweets right to the streets. Okay. Because the people, that's our segment where we go to like online conversations. So Got you, got you. Donna Rollins, when he came here told me that I'd be every, every other page he go, I be in the comments and I'm a, I'm a hoe for the tweets basically.


Like I be online a lot. You for the tweets. We outside, we outside. We outside outside the tweet Every Other page. Our goal I saw glows new in her affirming it because yesterday online, the people was arguing like, man, every time a black girl gets to a certain level of success, she has to fix her facial features too. They, they felt like she was making her nose smaller because that's like more of like a European white person thing to do. But this is, This is the thing. I don't, I I'm not gonna say, oh she did this. You know, every black woman felt like they have to or every woman have to. No, she could have very well had a problem with her nose being big since she was a child. Like we don't know that we ne just 'cause we never heard her say it does not mean that that's not her reservations or that was never how she felt about herself.


She probably always been bullied for her nose and she just never gave a fuck, you know, about them bullying her more than she felt like it was something that she would want to adjust herself. Now it could be the other way around where she felt like people be talking about her shit too much. And so she went to go had her nose job. No, the only reason why I feel like she got her boobs done. Oh wow. Okay. Well great. Maybe she always felt like she had a chest a a chest like a dude. That's how I felt. That's why I threw some Ds on this bitch. Me and Trey song had the same chest forever. And then I was like, you know what, I'm gonna get some surgery. I'm, my nose is fat too, but I'm scared to get anything done to my face.


That's the only thing I'm scared. I feel like It don't look bad though. I feel like her nose looked like how it looks when she was doing her makeup. Yeah. Like it don't look bad. It looks like a good contour job. You know what Emini here And I just feel if you got the money and that's what you wanna do, do it. Do it. If that's what you wanna do, do it. And I felt like that's what she wanted to do. Gorilla probably already felt that way about her nose. All right. And because not for nothing. We seen that she's been on her gym journey. Yeah. Like she ain't gonna get no fake ass. She ain't go get, I Think her body the way real For real. Yeah. I don know because I know she been definitely working out. Okay. Emini here. I ain't really take a good look, look at it. But she's been looking the same Allegedly. And this is reported. Okay, this is gonna be confirming it. There were some surgery pages who posted her, but you know, they lean into whatever is' hot sometimes too.


So I don't, it's like, it's like, like the shade room of surgeries. Like, you know, there's a page that did post her. But I don't know. But I don't, I I Just Oh, okay. Even if she did, even if even if she did, I don't care. G Glow look good and she getting money. Yeah. She does look good. And when I start getting money, I don't get whipped. I, I don't think I'm might get anything done but if I want to, so what That's your fucking prerogative is your money. Can't nobody tell you what to get. Can't nobody tell you what the fuck to do if it's your money and you always and you feel like you wanna do something alter the way you look or if you feel like it's been something that has been like hanging over you all your life. Like I can't wait to get these bunion shaved off girl. My father gave me bunions. Yeah. That's genetic And that has to be 'cause my mother don't got 'em but I got 'em outta nowhere and that comes from but come That come from wearing two small shoes.


I Never wore shoes that were two small shoes. You from Baltimore else You did. You right. You right. I did in the sixth grade, but it was only one year And I was taking the Sonos out but did have still every day. Yeah, every day You was going hard. You probably didn't have no socks on either because you really was From Baltimore. You know where, alright. Alright. Now fill a text. No, because you looking at me Taylor while she's saying on this like Yep. Yep. Like don't fucking do that. I'm You, you did Just have a child and you're being pregnant. Do not give you bunions. But But listen, it gave you a nose. But My Like for instance, your feet weren't swollen. Yes. My feet were swollen. Yes. Come from Something of that though.


No, I had bunions before and after. Wait you getting Bunions right now? Taylor? Yo, I got a not drink. My nose gonna be outta shape. I'ma get bunions off her baby. Yes. You see how you just asking me that though? You said you asked Taylor you getting bunions too? She said I would never like see that's why I don't fucking do podcast with her no more. But you know what, bye Lauren. Congratulations on the 1 million. Thank you. Lemme go look up some bunion surgeons. Thank You y'all. Thanks to Jess for being a guest today with me and Taylor. That has been the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Very entertaining today. You know I love when the guests pop on in, that's the beauty. Being able to film here at the studio, at the I hear studio just, you just never know who's gonna pull up on me.


This has been the latest with Lauren, the Rosa. I tell you guys every episode, 'cause Emini here it low riders at the end of the day, there's always a lot to talk about and y'all could be anywhere with anybody talking about it, but you choose to be right here with me every single episode. All 1 million of y'all. So thanks for tuning on in. I will catch you guys in the next one. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.