
Piece of the planet, Charlamagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called One of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the Brilliant Mind of the icon, living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right? Scissor is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our I Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters tomorrow. Rate it off. Get your tickets. Now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed, like getting through self checkout by yourself. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock. Join me Danny Trail and step into the flames of Right, right. An anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.


You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Osa is with us as well. And we have a special guest on the line. The legend. The icon. Yes. The reason that we do what we do. The h and every morning, Especially me, We have Wendy Williams on the line. Good morning, Wendy. Good morning. Hi everybody. Hi, Charlamagne, Please, Wendy and Wendy's niece. Alex is on as well. Alex, you're gonna be talking too, right? Hey, Alex. That's My Alex, that's my niece, Alex and Charlamagne And I, by the way, have known each other for like 20 years and running. That's, that is, that is very true. Wow. Listen, Wendy, let's get right to it. I'm gonna tell everybody what's going on.


Wendy Williams is currently trapped in a Conservatorship. If you don't know what a Conservatorship is, when someone is in charge of making decisions on your behalf, but usually because the con, the conserve is not able to make decisions for themselves, Wendy can make her own decisions. She is not cognitively impaired. She is not incapacitated. She is being taken advantage of. Right. Wendy, tell us what's going on. Well, first, first of all, to start with my niece, Alex knows a lot as well. You know, but I am not cognitively impaired. You know what I'm saying? No, but I feel like I am in prison. You understand what I'm saying? I feel like, like, like, like I'm in New York City, right? And by the way, my apartment has been sold, thank God, you know, a while ago.


But, but I, you know, I'm in this place where the people are in their nineties and their eighties and their seventies. And even when people are 60 like me, Hey, I'm sexy and gorgeous. That's, you know, I'm six. I look, look, look, please. July 18th, 19th, 64, honey. But look, these people, I don't care if they're 50 and 60, they have like, look, there's something wrong with these people here on this floor. You understand what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. And I'm not saying something bad. I'm just saying that I am with these people. I am clearly not. Look, I have breakfast, lunch, and dinner right here on the bed. Right? I watch tv, I listen to radio.


I look at the window, I talk on the phone. And by the way, Alex, talk about this phone, please. You, yeah, Alex, you've been, you've been right here where I am. So you know exactly what you're talking about. You flew from Miami to New York and you were right here with me. Go ahead. Yeah. And you know, what she's saying is exactly what's happened. She's there in New York in this place, essentially like what some would call a luxury prison, right? This is her room. That's literally her apartment. But the thing about this apartment, and you know, that's not Wendy. 'cause you're there, it's small. Excuse me. She has a bed, a chair, a tv, a bathroom, and she's looking out one window, a building's across the street.


That's my, Excuse me, excuse me, excuse me. And, and excuse me, through my money, you know, I had this person buy the tv, you know, the kind of tv I like a large tv. Understand what I'm saying through this person, because all of my stuff is in storage. You understand what I'm saying? Everything's in storage. And by the way, that was to sell my apartment. But anyway, is The, is the person your guardian, is that who you're referring to? Your guardian? Yes. Well, you know, Sabrina Morrisey is her name. And right now, a and e network. Well, a and e network in lifetime were sued by Sabrina. She claims they exploited you in a vulnerable state. They exploited your condition. And I'm putting code condition in air quotes. You, you signed to do that documentary without your consent.


But a and e in lifetime counter sued and said that Sabrina realized that documentary would question the quality of her own guardianship. It actually says in the lawsuit, it appears that Morrisey is misusing her position as a guardian of Williams to silence criticism of her controversial and failed administration of the guardianship. They even used the words guardianship, abuse. What do you think of that? Well, first of all, you know me and the person that you were just talking about, this guardian person, we watched that four part thing on TV together. She was the one who wanted to do that. You understand what I'm saying? So I'm watching and writing things down, and she's watching and writing things down.


And I saw her, or I saw all of that, by the way. And, and, and what do I think about being abused? Listen, look, this system is broken. You know that this system that I, I'm in, you know, this system has falsified oof a lot. You know what Im saying? They, they said, you're cognitively impaired and you're incapacitated. Do I seem that way? No. You've, you've Been calling me five times a day for the last two weeks. No, you don't seem that way. How dare, how dare, excuse me. Who I naturally am is who I naturally am. You know what I'm saying? Right. And, and, and, and my niece knows all about that crap.


Emini here. Oh, I'm sorry. I apologize. To Be clear, you can't leave. Like, they won't allow you to leave or have visitors, family members enough. No. So you can't even leave and take a walk if you wanted to, or take a trip or visit family members. They give you a difficult time for that. And family members can't visit you Where I am. Okay? You have to get keys to unlock the door, to press the elevator to go downstairs. First of all, second of all these people here, everybody is like nursemaid, so to speak. You know what I'm saying? They come in and they give your pills. You know what I'm saying? And then they leave and I'm Like, which I told you not to take. Okay? I told you, you don't take them pills. Excuse me. I've had two pills all of my life, Alex.


You know what I'm talking about? Yep. You know what I'm saying? I know exactly what you're talking about. There are seven pills. I have no idea. What is this pill doing? What is it going to, listen, I haven't been to a pill person in a matter of long time, you know what I'm saying? And to the point where, excuse me, doctor, can you tell me what this pill is for? Excuse me, doctor, what pill do you, you, you understand what I'm saying, right? Yes. Look, look, for the last three years I have been caught up in the system. This has been three years. I'm caught up in this system. Alex, go talk, talk, talk, Alex talk. No Emini here for three years. This, this has the reality. This has been our lives. So, but specifically her life, she can call us.


We can't call her. That's been the reality since 2023. Wow. Alex, are you that room that she's sitting in that room that she's sitting in, she's there every day, all hours of the day, every week, every month. She's not getting proper sunlight. I went to New York in October to visit her. And the level of security and the level of questions that there were in terms of who am I? Why am I here? What's the purpose? Emini here. It was absolutely just horrible. You know, Alex, we sent Lauren LaRosa, who works here on The Breakfast Club. You know, I connected her with Wendy a couple of days ago. Lauren went up there yesterday and tell 'em what happened. Lauren. Yeah. I was gonna ask you, Alex, was it like this for you?


When I got there, the, the people at the front were very aware that Wendy was there. They had me sign in. Her name was in the system. They had to call Sabrina to, to even see if I could go up there, even though Wendy was on the phone with me when I arrived. And she let them know, Hey, this is my guest. I wanna see her. I'll even come down. Please have someone bring me down. Because as she said, she can't get in the elevator nor leave her room without them unlocking things for her. Wow. They were aware of that and everything was fine. And I was waiting. They called Sabrina a couple times and she didn't answer the phone when they called. And then all of a sudden things just like flipped these, like, men came out and they're like, well, who are you and what are you here for? I told them who I was. I told them I was there to see Wendy. They said, we, we don't have anyone here by that name.


Oh, wow. They never said to me, did you believe that? No, I didn't make, did I not make it upstairs? They basically told me I had like, I didn't even feel comfortable still being in the lobby the way that I was treated. Like it was insane. Especially being as though Wendy was on the phone with me when I walked in and she spoke to the concierge herself and said, I went to see this person. She's here for me. And then these people are like, she's not even here. What are you talking about? And I'm like, I dealt with your colleagues that had me sign in for her. She's in your system, so you're gonna tell me she's not here? Or did you speak to Sabrina as well? 'cause they said that was protocol. You have to call Sabrina first. We don't know Sabrina, and we don't know Wendy. She's not here. They said that to me multiple times. Wow. You know, You know, and it's scary. It's very scary. Did you feel like she was in a safe space?


No. I feel like if, if you dealing with me like that, and she's on the phone with you telling you like, this is, you know what, Emini here, I wanna see her. This is my people. God forbid something happens to her and her family needs to get to her. Right? And I asked Wendy that after, as I was walking out, I'm like, yo, man, like I've dealt with my mom and my grandmother went through medical stuff and a bunch of stuff. Right? I can't imagine not being able to get to them. See my Mother, right? And I said, is this how it is? Your family comes? And Wendy's like, yes. All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's ej nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren, the Rosa is here with us this morning. We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Charlemagne, You know, denying you visitation is illegal. Wendy, Alex, how did, how do you feel about that as her niece?


Well, Here's the thing. When I went to visit her Aunt Wendy, you know this, I was able to get up there. It was not a problem. But here's the thing is that Serina, you know, wasn't communicative. And that's, her guardian wasn't communicative with me. It was almost as if she was waiting for the other shoe to drop so she could have a get you moment when it comes with me, the family and how we move about things, Emini here for someone that was, you know, is so up in arms in terms of she can't be seen. There was no security for her. There was, there was no, you know, layout in terms of a plan, how this is supposed to work. Emini here. Thank God, you know what, Emini here, I knew pretty what to do, you know?


And the trip was fine, but this trip unfortunately, came off the heels of in July with my aunt's birthday where I was supposed to go up there and spend her birthday with her, you know? And all of a sudden there was a lockdown on that. And not only was there a lockdown on that, in terms of me visiting, but with you, aunt Wendy, with being able to do what you wanna do for your birthday. Go ahead. Yeah, no, for the last three years I've spent my birthday by myself. You know what I'm saying? Which, which, you know what I'm saying? It was That's fine, that's fine. Just because I would rather spend birth by my, by myself than open the door and spend my birthday with these people on this floor. Like, like, look, this is what is called emotional abuse. You know what I'm saying?


No. And I would call it guardianship abuse as well. And you know, I you, you talked about it a little bit when you saw the documentary, what did you think when you saw the documentary? Because that's what got everybody, at least the the general public concern. What, what, what'd you think of that? Do you know what, what I thought about that? Was that something that, well, first of all, I don't wanna see, I don't wanna watch that again until I get to Miami. Until I get, you know, my life. Look, I don't care about watching that. You know what I care about? I care about, look, I don't want to talk about that. Just understand. I get, I get it, I Get it. But I do wanna ask Alex as you as well. So who, because Wendy, Wendy can't, I do wanna say Wendy can't say a lot legally.


Correct. Just so, so don't, don't think that, you know, when you hear her, don't think she's jumping around and she don't know what you're talking about. She can't say a lot legally. Now, I was gonna ask who's putting out like, the rumors? Like, you know, 'cause a couple of months ago we heard, well, Wendy's having this problem and she's incapacitated. Like They said, she's cognitively impaired because of alcohol. She's incapacitated, she's suffering some from dementia. Obviously it's not true. So do we know who's sending out those rumors to the press and to the blogs and all that? Do we know, do we have any ideas? Emini Here, allegedly, from what we're able to see, all of this comes from The Guardian. Yep. In terms of, hey, she's incapacitated all that. That's, that's allegedly all, all the guardian. I'm only just saying allegedly, just, you know, obviously to protect all sides, but of course, Yeah, because obviously it's, it's, it's not true.


And, and, and the sad thing about it is it gives her the ability to keep doing this. Because we all feel like, oh, if that's the case, then yeah. But listening to Wendy speak and seeing Wendy a couple of weeks ago at her son's graduation, you understand that? That's not the truth. Listen, listen. As, as much as I want my phone, she can't let me have my phone. You know what I'm saying? Like, like I, I can call you, but you can't call me. You understand what I'm saying? Yes. I don't even know what phone, what kind of phone this is that I have. All I'm saying is that when I call you, you listen. If you don't call me back, you can't call me back. You understand what I'm saying? Absolutely. I can't, I can't sit on the phone, you know, and look at things, you know what I'm saying? And scroll through things. I can't do that.


I do not have a laptop. You understand? I don't have an iPad. My life is, my life is my goddamn life. You understand? Yes. How, how, how does this, how does this happen though, Wendy? How does this happen? Alex? How does she end up Yeah. In a guardianship where, you know, these people have so much control of her life. 'cause it's not like she does not have family. She has you Alex. Yeah. She has her son, Kevin Hunter, Jr. Like she has family. So how does this happen? Well, you know, go ahead on one. No, I was gonna say, you know what? My life, you know, and Charlemagne, you know, about my life, you know what I'm saying? To get divorced was a, as far as I'm concerned, was a 100% fabulous thing.


You know what I'm saying? When I got divorced, look, I had this lawyer, I don't even want to say her beautiful name because I just, because it was so great. I've gotten a divorce like nobody else has gotten a divorce And I don't want to talk about it. But Alex, you know about that. And, and Char, Charlemagne. Charlemagne, did I ever tell you about my divorce? You did. And I don't wanna know nothing. I don't know anything. Okay? That man is trying to ruin me of several times already. I, you know, No, no, no, no. Look, look, it's bigger than that. But look, look, look, look, when I, okay. When I got divorced, right? Right. I moved to New York, you know what I'm saying? As opposed to in New Jersey, I was solo.


Just me and my cats, you know what I'm saying? I got these two twin cats, who, by the way, my cats have been sold to. And I had no idea until I talked to that person last yesterday. You know what I'm saying? And, and she told me that my, look, I no longer have my cats anyway. Look, listen, I'm in New York, I'm solo. I'm still doing my show on tv, right? And I'm still doing my show, but I'm still saying, okay. 'cause to me, you know, being on TV was, you know, for me, you know, I, I'm not gonna lie that that was about money. Radio is my route. You understand what I'm saying? To be on radio to me is like God sent to me And I was doing such great stuff back in the day.


You know what, Emini here. Duh. That's an understatement. Whatcha talking about? We literally hear Me and Jess sitting here right now, Jess hilarious is here. Me and Jess are sitting here right now. Wendy just like, we're Like, and I'm trying to figure out what, how you doing, Wendy, this is Jess. Hilarious. How you doing, Alex? What do you want people who are listening to do? Like, do you want us to tweet? Do you want, like, what? How can we, A lot of us are here because of you. How Can we help? Yeah. Alright. Alright. Too many people are talking at one time. One person talk because my, my phone is like two. Yes. Yes ma'am. This is just hilarious. How you doing Miss Wendy? I wanted to know what you want people who are listening to do. What do you want us to do? Should we tweet? Should we get online? Like, how, how do you, what do you want us to do also? Alex, what do you want? Well, we've talked about this and that is, there's the hashtag free Wendy.


There's also change a change.org petition as well. And also just, just making as much noise as possible, you know, potentially, you know, GoFundMe, whatever we have to do to make sure that my aunt is in a place where she is living her life in dignity. Excuse me, for The, for the Woman that she's now that's what we're gonna do. Wait, Wait. I, I have $15. I have, I have 15. What does that do? Right? And, you know, Great. So my, my my money is in prison. That's right. That's right. And, you know, I, I just wanna, I just wanna underscore what you were saying Charlene as well, and that is, this is still a legal situation.


So Yes, there are things that my aunt just can't talk about. Yeah. There are things that we as a family can't talk about. That's right. Right. You know. But I think that the thing that we can talk about is the fact that my aunt sounds great. Yes. I've seen her in a very limited capacity, but I've seen her, we're talking to her. This does not match an incapacitated person. Not at all. And she like, that's why we say she's in like a luxury prison. Yes. Because she's being held and she is being punished. You know what Emini here for whatever reason that other people are coming up with as to why it is she has to be kept in this position. Yeah. We're not asking, you know, for a whole lot. And, And I'm gonna speak for myself. I'm not asking for a whole lot.


All I'm saying is just treat the woman with dignity. Absolutely. And, and give her the freedoms that she deserves. All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts on this guardianship? What are your thoughts on how they're treating? Wendy, call us up. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing the guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's up? It's Angela Yee. And listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and scis A Yes. You heard me right SSA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh. Only in theaters tomorrow rated R Get your tickets now.


Catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors. It's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It is the DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Finney. Charlamagne. Let's say what Wendy wants. Wendy wants to be, you know, released out of her this Conservatorship. But she wants to be in Miami with her family. With her family. Yeah. With you Alex, and with, you know, the rest of the family. Her son, she wants to be in Miami. She's made this known. She's, you know, told everybody she needs to tell. I don't know why it's not happening. I wanna say No, No, no, no. Let, let me Just say and then you can go back. Charlamagne. Let me Just say about Miami. Okay. You know, it started out with my parents, you know, to Miami. We're all from New Jersey, but near New York. So you listen to radio New York, you see Radio, New York, you know what I'm saying?


Asbury Park, New Jersey. Okay. That's where I was born. All right. But then, you know, I moved up to Ocean Township and then my parents were the first ones in the family that said, no, we're tired of the, the cold and the winter and the ice. So they moved. And this was years ago, you know what I'm saying? I was 27 when they moved to to Miami. Anyway, the entire family now lives in Miami. And, and look, my son, my son, my son is doing such a great job. As a matter of fact, I saw him look, he graduated And I was in Miami and that was a, a few about a month ago. Yep. Alex, talk about the great time that we had and seeing my dad.


Yeah. We all went out and had like a party at one point. Yeah. Your dad's gonna be 94 next week. Emini here next month. Right. Listen, 94, that, that's a whole nother thing. Like, I don't know whether I'm allowed to fly to Miami to say happy birthday to my dad. Wow. To get him. I wanna get him. Look, look, look. That person that you talk about who's holding me hostage? Sabrina Morrissey, your guardian. Oh God. We gotta see her name. We gotta put her name out there. Sabrina Morrissey, her Guardian. Well, listen, I don't know that she's going to let me, 'cause she already said to see my dad for his birthday. You know, he's gonna be 90, 94. So, and, and, and, and, and all I can I look, look, look, look, look. Please continue to talk.


Alex. Go ahead. Yeah. Oh, can I say, can I say, can I say something out? So Yeah, go ahead. So, you know, I know you know, you, you lost your grandmother. Alex, Wendy, you lost Yeah. Your mother. You were in the Conservatorship when that happened. Yeah. Wow. Well, well, wow. Here's the thing. She was not in the, in the Conservatorship when that happened, but that period of time was right before. And to know that she may not be able to come down here for my grandfather's 94th birthday every day is not promised. Right. That's right. One thing that I know that my aunt wanted, and we talk, we talk about this at nauseum, she wants to be here for his birthday. Wow. And the fact that they're playing games about my grandfather being able to see his daughter and my aunt being able to see her father, I'm sorry.


Like that is just absolutely sickening. Like I am, I am exhausted thinking about, what if I can't see my dad for his birthday, you know, at 94, you know, the day after that is not promised. It's not promised. You know, I have things from my dad that's in storage and there there are little things that I say, you know, I'm not gonna give it to 'em, but I'm gonna sew them and make them so that they look perfect on me. You know what I'm saying? Yes. I know how to sew. I've known how to sew for years. You know what I'm saying? But I, I'm saying like, I wanna give my dad some sort of fragrance. You know? I want to go to Sephora and pick and choose what I might not be.


Yeah. My life is like up. Yeah. Yeah. And it, Alex, it's a lot. Alex, do you think, you think that there'll be some type of, sorry, there'll be some type of retaliation from The Guardian because of the school, you know, maybe this phone call or because of Yeah. Why We've talked about that. You know, my aunt, even with her wanting to come on, we talk about all scenarios. I said, you know, do this, you ready for what's on the other side? And as she said, I have to do this. There's nothing else I could do. At this point. She's prepared for the fact that her phone might be taken away. What if I Take my phone? I won't be able to talk to anybody.


Yeah. And you know, you all what you're hearing now, this is a few minute clip of what we've been dealing with for the last several months and the last two, three years. Wow. What the hell? Like, she can get moved and we may not even know where she's, where she is. Wow. Alex, that was the reality of where she was during the documentary. We weren't permitted to go see her. So this whole documentary a aired, nobody's able to call her, nobody's able to see her. You know, the reason why I was doing the stuff with the view in Good Morning America was because she was nowhere to be found. Wow. In the meantime, in the meantime, you know, what, What are we gonna do about that? Listen, here's the weird thing, right? And while we were talk, while you were on the View, right?


I got the telephone number. I could call Joy Behar, but my number is with The Guardian. I could call my friend Rose Ocado. I could call Fat Joe. I could call Alex. My number is in, not in storage, but my guardian person has my phone, right? God damn. Alex, lemme ask you a question besides, excuse Me. Has had, has had it for three years. By the way, She's had your phone for three years and she got control of all your bank accounts and everything. Wow. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Right now, Alex, that's what the news report, the news report said she have control of your bank accounts and everything Besides the Instagram and, and the social media. Who, who can we Write? Do we have an email for Sabrina email that we can email and just have people say, yo, what's going on?


What's up? But, but by the way, Can I tell you, can I, yes. Go ahead. Can I tell you something that other than when I was able to purchase like a whole bunch of like, I got like nail polish and lipstick and things like that. Otherwise, when, because I'm here in New York, the Guardian has somebody get me like nail polish, you know, like the normal things that I like, like I need a new hairbrush, please. You know, go out and get it for me and bring it back. Oh no, this is not the one that I want. But I guess this is the one that I'm forced to use, you know, and you understand what I'm saying? Yeah. What about eyelashes? What about eyelashes? Look, look, look, look. I'm the full hair, makeup and wardrobe person, Period. You know what I'm saying? When I talking yesterday, she said she was stories up.


She saw me out the window. She said, is that a Chanel bag? I said, Wendy, how do you see that Wendy get Chanel back? I'm saying, Ain't nothing incapacitated about that. She spotted that back from floors up. Okay. Excuse Me, because I go on, I have a Chanel with me, but I also have an hermez with me right here. That tall. Okay. Who above labels, darling? You got $15. Cut it out. Listen, Wendy, Wendy's attorney Linda Ky, I think that's how you pronounce her Na last name. She made a contribution. This is what I heard. She made a contribution to the judge after she was assigned to your case. Really? Isn't that a conflict of interest, Alex? I would say so, yes. Yes.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Oh, So, oh my God. There you Have it. Oh my God. Oh my God. Wow. And I'd be happy for somebody to prove me wrong and tell me why. Mm. Wow. Gimme the facts as to why that's not All right. We got more with Wendy Williams when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's d ej nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the God. We are The Breakfast Club Lord. The rose is here with us this morning. We're still kicking it with Wendy Williams and her niece, Alex Finney. Lauren, Alex, I have one more question for you and Wendy, you can chime in too. How does this affect her health? 'cause I know we, we followed her journey with like grave disease and stuff like that, but like being emotionally distressed like this, that can't be good for her, just health wise. And that's supposed to be the point of the Conservatorship.


So what's that like? Yeah. Emini here, you know, Emini here, imagine you're sitting in a, in a, in a space every single day. You're not getting sunlight. You're, you're, you're not able to leave, to leave your place. You can't see people. You can't, you can't just have free conversation. You know, you do this day in and day out for months and for years at a time, emotionally and mentally, that breaks you down in ways that I can't even imagine Emini here. We know that. There have been stories written about that. Can I tell you something? And this is a fact. Yeah. I asked the other day. I said, listen, you know, my thyroid, you know, I, I want to go to the person that I've been going to for years. I've got her name. You know what I'm saying? And that is who I want to go to again. You know what I'm saying? Because thyroid, thyroid, I've had for 24 years, I found out about thyroid, you know, around the time, well, at the time that I was trying to get pregnant.


And my son is, my son is 24. So that's how I can, you know, tell, you know, my thyroid anyway. And she told me that, that, that I wouldn't be going there because my pill for thyroid is perfect. The pill that I have for thyroid is perfect. I'm like, okay, so what does that mean? Look, just, this is my life people. This, this is my life. You know what I'm saying? This is my goddamn life. Wow. The bottom line is Maya hasn't had Emini here. We talked about this yesterday. She hasn't had, from what I understand, a medical evaluation to see if her rights can be restored. And it seems as though that instead of this guardian, Sabrina, you know, working with her, it seems though she's made it difficult every which way for my aunt to be able to live any sort of healthy, independent life.


Wow. And you know, it's almost as if she doesn't want my aunt to show that she's healthy and independent. Because as we know about this guardianship, and as Myana said, the system's broken because the longer she's under this guardianship, the longer they have the keys to her life for her personal, her financial, her emotional, everything. You know? And so that's the reality of, of, of the, of the guardianship system. It's overloaded. You know, there's a reason why they're looking at the New York guardianship system right now. There's a reason why lawmakers are calling on state leaders to reform this system. It's because it's broken. And it's a shame that we're in this place. And I know I'm getting really emotionally charged right now, but this is how sickening it is. And how tired I am of having to talk about this and have these conversations with my aunt, you know, because Thank you.


It's not just her. You know? And thank God that we have platforms like this that we can go on and we can, we can talk about this, but there is a lack of scrutiny across the board. We know there's a lack of funding. There are too few guardians for the amount of people under the system, you know? And as a result, a lot of things go unchecked. There's a lot of neglect as well as obviously we know as well financial exploitation of some of the most vulnerable people. That's the reality. Those are facts. It's written in print. And my aunt is one of those people, one of the over what, 28,000 people under guardianship in New York. She's one of those people that's under this situation. Mm. So yes, this is about her. Yes, we want her back. Yes, we want her freed.


Yes, we want her to live with dignity and be able to move on with her life. But this, her story is a fight that many other people are going through as well. And they don't have the resources. So imagine where that they stand at this point. And that's why I'm so passionate about this. You know, you know, You, you Bought enough is Enough. Alex, you bought up something that, you know, they bought up in the a and e lawsuit. It said the, the documentarians have not spoken positively about Williams guardianship. There's a bill in the New York legislator right now that's designed to curb guardian abuse and prevent guardians from restricting access to family members. That's what the executive producer Mark Ford told VUL in February, 2024. I'm not sure where that bill stands, but this is a perfect illustration of a family that wants to be in touch, wants to be involved, but for whatever reason, can't.


Wow. So that's really, you know, that's really the purpose of this phone call. Just to let everybody know that Wendy Williams is currently trapped in a Conservatorship. That's right. And you know, she, she's, she's not cognitively impaired. She's not incapacitated. She's just being taken advantage of. No. And and also remember, I feel like I'm in prison. I feel I am definitely isolated, you know what I'm saying? You know, you know, and, and, and to talk to these people who, like I said, who live here, you know, that is not my cup of tea. Do you understand what I'm saying? Absolutely. I Emini here, you know, they're, they're good people. But I keep the door closed. I watch tv. You know what I'm saying? I listen to radio, you know, And I watch the window, you know, And I, I sit here like, like my, as my life goes by.


You understand what I'm saying? Yes. And you know what, Lauren? Lauren, I wanna say something because I, I did hear yesterday about you going and it was like the whole mess, which you just explained. Yes. That happened. And the, and the alarm bells started ringing. That's when my aunt was told. Oh. And I'm, I'm paraphrasing here, but, but you know, your cats chitchatting my way. And anybody that's a Wendy fan knows how much my aunt loves chitchatting my way. Yeah. I gave those cats away. You don't have 'em more. Oh my God. Your dad's birthday. Your dad's birthday. Well, dad's up in, in the air. You're gonna have to talk with Linda. Me and Wendy talked about those cats. The punished whole way there. Yes. Yeah. Oh My God. It's like she's getting punished for just trying to be a normal person to live about society.


Right. And to live. Exactly. So Alex, I add they took her cats. Yes. So, so that's what she told me yesterday. Right. Aunt when that Yes. I had, I had no idea that they, I had no idea that they actually took my cats. You know what I'm saying? You know, I wanted my cats with me. You understand what I'm saying? And, And I actually, that's my friend Lauren. I was saying, Lauren, you know what I'm saying? You know, come, you know about the cats anyway, so my cats are gone, everybody. And I did not know that until I talked to my guardian person and she told me that the cats are, I said, you mean they are gone, gone, gone, gone, gone. Chitchatting in my way. My twin cats. They're gone. They're gone. So get So, so getting rid of the cats won't let, won't let you possibly see your father next, next month for his, for his 94th birthday.


She can't leave. No, Don't say it won't, don't say don't say it won't say, I said possibly. I don say won. Won't be like that. I said, possibly what I'm, what I'm, what I'm getting at is all of this feels like some sort of retaliation because of, you know, what they've been seeing the last couple of weeks. That's what I'm getting at. Yeah. Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. My God. Oh my God. Yeah. That, that's, that's what this is DJ Envy, by the way. Hi, DJ Envy. Hey, Wendy. Wendy, I told Envy that you thought he was gay. 'cause you saw him on TV with Tammy Roman busting his boyfriend. Look, Look, look, look, look, look, look, look, look. Leave me alone. DJ Envy. I I remember that, that you came to me when I was doing radio and you weren't even into radio at that point yet. That's right. But you know what?


You and, and Charlemagne good, good things that you people are doing, you know what I'm saying? Good for you. Thanks to people like me, you know, thank you much for Yeah. If it wasn't for you, Wendy, we wouldn't be doing the things that we doing now. Sos Right. We appreciate seriously all that you have done and, and, and all, all the trials and tribulations. Like we, we are on your should. Like, if it wasn't for, for you, we wouldn't be here. So thank you so much. Thank you for having big shoulders, Wendy. Absolutely. It's in a big latch. Excuse me. Just, just, you know what, and, and thank you for Thank you for that. Thank you for that. Anyway, continue to talk. Alex, Hold on. I wanna, I wanna say this, Alex, I, I think, I think we said enough. I just want This is a fuse. Yeah. This is a fuse that I wanted light, so I I know it'll explode and then we'll know what to do next after this.


Correct. And, and, And I want everybody that's in that system that Wendy is currently in, I want them to know that we know what's going on. That's right. You know what, Emini here. So she's not a, she's not alone out here. You can't just isolate Wendy Williams and make her disappear. That's not gonna happen. Yeah. And the last thing I wanted to see, Shelene, just what you were saying is anybody that knows my aunt, my aunt has always been a unique personality. You know, that is who she is, how she's talking now and how it's, you know, she goes from one topic to the next, is able to spin right back to the other topic. That's right. Oh, We, that's her. Yeah. We know. So for people That don't know her, me, you're looking and you're like, huh. If you know her, which she's known very widely. Right. You know, that's who she is.


We don don't try to twist who she is as if, oh, there's something wrong with her. No, no, no, no, no. You just don't know her the way we do. And not even that, Alex, all the stuff that she's been saying for years is coming to fruition. And now Let's, let's talk about that to prove that she, not to prove that she's not cognitively Impaired that stuff. She's been talking for years, Wendy, you got fired from hot 97 years ago because of Diddy all these years later to see what Diddy currently is. What do you feel about that situation? That's right. A, a a when I, when I watch TMZ And I see the stuff that goes on, I'm like, oh my gosh. And then all of a sudden I see me on TMZ. You know what I'm saying? It's really weird seeing me on TV when I'm caught in this position. You know what I'm saying? The other day I was watching cookout, and there I am in the first opening scene.


I was like, oh my God. Season one episode 13. There I am on Martin. You know what I'm saying? And as far as Diddy, Diddy go to prison for life, people you don't know things that I knew about Didi back in the day. And you wanna know what it's about? Time people. It is about time. Didi done Do it all day. How you doing? See, she still got it, Wendy. Oh my God. The queen has spoken. There you have it. That's right. This, this is, this is just the first step of Minnie. Alex, love you. Wendy. Love you. Yes. Yeah. Alex, keep fighting to fight. Know Jess up here. Emotional right now. I was over here crying. Jess Lar is crying. Oh my God. And please, to all her guardianship and everybody else, y'all cannot hide.


Wendy, do not hear this phone call and see this all in the news and think you're gonna take away her phone and you gonna isolate her. No. We know the address where she at. That's right. We, and we gonna stay on time. And she, and we hope that she's, we hope to see her next month in Miami with her father celebrating his 94th birthday and her family do what? Right. And we hope that she gets to live in Miami as well. That's right. And start a podcast that's right on the Black Effect podcast. Wendy, Wendy, Alex, thank you so much. We love you And I love you. Bye everybody. Bye Wendy. I love you. Hey, Wendy. Wendy, yes. Come on. You know what you got. You can't just end with We love you. You know what you gotta end with.


How you doing win? Shout it out. Thank you so much. Bye y'all. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show, and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears with the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the shadow. Join me, Danny Trails and step into the Flames of Fright. An anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Emle hosts of the podcast Crumbs. For years, I had to rely on other people to tell me my story and what I heard wasn't good. You really? Last night it felt like I lived most of my life in a blackout. I was trapped in addiction. I had to grab the lamp and smashed it against the walls. And then I decided I wanted to tell my own story. Listened to Crumbs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Some people won't give you the real talk on drugs, but it's time we know the facts. Fentanyl is often laced into illicit drugs and used to make fake versions of prescription pills. You can't see it, taste it or smell it. Suppliers mix fentanyl into their products because it's potent and cheap, and the dealer might not even know. Keep yourself and others safe by knowing the real deal on Fentanyl. Get the facts. Go to real deal on fentanyl.com. This message is brought to you by the ad council.