
Wouldn't it be nice if nothing stood in your way? You're so close yet so far. TV should be easy. We do the hard work, so you don't have to. With Xfinity, nothing stands between you and what you wanna watch. Just say for you into your Xfinity Voice remote to jump back into your favorites, like streaming the iHeartRadio Hot top 40 playlist for all the hits. Or get a new recommendation based on what you've watched or saved so you can get right to the good stuff effortlessly.


Hey, it's Wilford L and Sabrina Bryan, And we're the host of the new podcast, magical Rewind. You may know us from some of your favorite childhood TV movies like My Date with the president's daughter And the Cheetah Girls movies. Together we're sitting down to watch all the movies you grew up with and chat with some of your favorite stars and crew that made these iconic movies happen. So Kick back, grab your popcorn, and join us. Listen to Magical Rewind on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Brought to you by State Farm Like, a good neighbor State Farm is there


it Is. Ryan here. And I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap, or a high fiver? If. you wanna hone in on those winning moves? Check out Chumba Casino. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary V GW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hey, I'm Ryan Reynolds. Recently I asked Mint Mobile's legal team if big wireless companies are allowed to raise prices due to inflation. They said yes. And then when I asked if raising prices technically violates those onerous to your contracts, they said, what the fuck are you talking about? You insane Hollywood As So to recap, we're cutting the price of Mint Unlimited from $30 a month to just $15 a month. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of details.


Guess what decision we are about to make. Horrible decision. Hey guys, Welcome to another episode of bla. This is y'all. I don't know why you wanna sing. Don't do, bitch. I'm gonna sing. That's why I'm your girl. Mandy, BAKA single forever because everybody sucks. AKA That Bitch Play album. Hey y'all, I'm we. And finally I'm out of the piss pool that dating is, but I really think I've used some advice for my fairy God brother. He's here Anwar, who is one of my favorite dating coaches online. I don't even have TikTok, but I feel like you have TikTok content and it's my favorite to watch.


So I'm so glad that you decided to do horrible today. Thank you so much for having me. Welcome, welcome. I'm excited to have you here because baby, outside of the questions for y'all. Yes, I guess I'll consider y'all today. I got questions for my goddamn stuff. Dating has been, now that I have standards, I've realized how much harder dating is. Like I actually miss being a whore with no standards who just wanted to come, You know, just wanted a good looking guy. Just wanted to eat and have a meal the next day. 'cause I was broke. I was like Jesus Christ. And so now that I'm not that person, now that I've gone through therapy, now that I'm a woman of intention, a woman with money in her own bag and is not looking for those transactional relationships, I find it to be a little bit more difficult to find someone that makes sense, but also as a woman identifying what I really want out of a partner.


So I'm excited to have this conversation with you. My first question is, I didn't realize you were married. I don't know if you've talked about it in your content, but when you said that I was like, oh, because one of my first questions was when single and being a dating coach, how has that been like if you've had your spurts in that? I've always been married in a dating coach. Wow. So I've been married for almost 14 years now. We have three children together. So just FYI people If. you want to invest in a dating coach, please invest with someone who is married and who knows how to go from A to Z. Oh, that's Very, very interesting. Tell us how you met your partner in after that step of marriage. How you were like, okay, I need to teach people how to do this.


Yeah, so we met online, like a lot of people are meeting these days. And I always tell ladies out there. But for the guys as well, like when I was online, I wasn't necessarily taking it so seriously. So like I was in LA at the time. So I would have one app in LA and then I would have another app just wherever I wanted to go. So one week I would be in Barcelona. One week I would be in Berlin. One week I would be in Montreal. All Right. Subtle flick. Well, Here's the thing. No, on my app, not in real life. Oh, oh, Okay. See Yeah. Yeah. Because oh, I knew at a certain point, and this is I think really applicable for smart and successful women of color that America might not be there if for you.


So you have to be open to the fact that your person might be outside of the states. So When you say you, you placed yourself in there. I know like for certain apps and ain't none of them paying for this episode. So we don't have to really name any if we don't want to. But certain apps, once you pay for the subscription is when you can place your location anywhere. Correct. So is that what you did? That's right. You, that's right. Invested in paying for one of the premium profile that allowed you to place. So you explored with the intention of having a more serious relationship. Correct. Huh. Interesting. I have heard, now I know Dr. Umar controversial and also can't stand the gays was like, but you did say one thing about black women dating and going to the Caribbean and just meeting men there, maybe even Africa, different part just to meet black men.


Tell us your experience with when you were choosing the city and why those places. Like what were Just a variety. Right? I wasn't really thinking too much about it. Again, I think, I always tell ladies You know there are two types of women that date. There are women that date for marriage and there are women that date for play. Right? And the women that date for marriage, wait, There are no in-between When women are dating for marriage, I think that they take it very seriously and they go from zero to a hundred. And it, they put a lot of pressure on themselves. And I'm always someone who is date for play have fun. And actually in my experience, it's the women who date for play that get into relationships.


It's the women that think for marriage that have a much harder time. Hmm. That I 100% believe. What is the in-between, is there an in-between, I mean, I think there's always going to be an in-between, because everything is a spectrum, right? But I'm sharing with you what the majority of the categories are. When, when I have coached women in dating for the past 14 to 15 years. So Mandy in particular, I'm sure she was interested in the between, because Mandy doesn't wanna be married, but she wants a committed relationship. That's Fine. And so that that pretty much though is marriage is the blanket of commitment. When you're saying the two Marriage commitment, long-term partnership, right?


Meaning like you're, you're very focused on it has this person that I'm talking to right now. He has to be my person or she has to be my person. Right. That we're putting a lot of pressure on ourselves because we wanna be in that relationship more so than we want to actually evaluate whether that person is for us or not. There are a lot of women that are hyper-focused on being partnered, being chosen, having a relationship. And that's what I'm talking about more so than anything else. How do You know how long you can play? For example, if a woman does wanna end up in a relationship, but you're saying date for play, which I get that it's like kind of just let all of that go and enjoy yourself.


But how long can they do that before they end up in a situationship? Or there's a difference between playing and dating with boundaries. So when I say play, I don't mean you don't have boundaries while you're dating. What I'm saying is that you stay free, you stay light. You're not taking it too seriously. You can take it or you can leave it. But that, that is completely different than actually having boundaries. Right. And boundaries are paramount When you're dating. 'cause If, you don't boundary well, you won't date well, you won't be in a great relationship and so forth and So on. What are boundaries that would assure that you are in the right path towards what you want?


Like could you give us a a, a list of maybe three boundaries that Yeah. Feel like work for People? A hundred percent. So I would say if you're dating online, I, if he hasn't asked you out within a week, you need to drop it. If. you are not in a committed relationship within two and a half to three months. You need to drop it. Ooh, If. you are not engaged or married within two years. You need to drop it. These are very short numbers to me. Tell me Why are they, why are they short? Are they short to you? I think that the two years in my opinion, seems to be an age thing. I feel like if I was 26, 27 and someone was ready to marry me in two years, I'd be like, oh, have we like really experienced more yet?


Are we in a financial place for marriage? I'm actually surprised you said two years. For some reason in my brain, I thought you would say three. Not a man knows. Hmm. A man knows pretty quickly. And what I know, I get at least three or four women into relationships every week. I have an engagement every month. What I will tell you is this, he knows probably within the first six months, and then after that he is saving for a, a ring and a wedding. I literally have five men that are doing it for my clients right now. Oh, I wanna ask the room. Do you guys know in six months, have you have you, let's get a gauge. We've got four men here.


Do you date women too? Okay. Have you felt that for yourself? Yeah. Okay. Okay. What about the two to three months? Because Wolf told me once wolf star engineer here, that he, who I probably would say I've had the most deep conversations with about dating. And you seem like a very intentional dater. You told me a year and you're saying two to three months. Why do you take a year? That seems crazy to me, to make someone your girlfriend. I think four to six, but a year is fucking crazy. I wanna know why. Yeah. You don't have a mic.


So we're not gonna keep asking. You said he said that he feels like things will come to the surface after a year. Now I just feel like a year I'm letting you play with me if a woman goes past a certain, so Let me just, let me answer that. And this is why it's important for women to have boundaries, right? Because you, you shouldn't be waiting a year. Yeah. Whoever knows that you are, it will make it happen. Right? And so that's why it's important for women specifically to have those boundaries because you can't abdicate or give away your power to someone who may not know if they want to be with you or not. Hmm. I have a question. You have to make that choice for yourself. You have to be in full control of your dating life.


And you can't give your power away to someone else. So I've been talking to my friends who think I'm kind of nuts. I give people two weeks and two weeks to see me. So I don't care where you're at on, on the globe. I feel like if you're interested in me and we're talking, you have two weeks to see me. Otherwise I'm no longer interested. However, with wanting the two week mark as well as maybe send me flowers. Can I ask you, what is the difference between a woman showing up assertive and showing up aggressive? And could a woman saying that this is what they need in order to, for them to feel like you're interested, could that push them away? So how do you show up between the two?


Well, there's a difference between, it's all in communication style. Okay? Right. There are some women that communicate in a masculine way, and there are some women that communicate in a feminine way. Right? There's a difference between I need flowers, I need you to come and see me. I need you, da da da da. Versus I would feel really connected. And, I would, I would really be happy. If, you came to see me. Okay. There's a way to communicate things from a feminine, energetic perspective versus a masculine energetic perspective. Masculine is thought, masculine is action due, feminine is centered around the feelings. And being And. I will tell you this, a lot of women of color specifically are in their masculine energy for a variety of different reasons.


What I know for sure. And the, the deeper reason behind that is because there's actually a lack of feminine energetic love when they're being raised. So a lot of black mothers are very judgemental and highly critical. And so what happens, and also I will just say this from a lot of fathers, they're also emotionally or physically absent. So what that teaches black girls growing up is that they can't rely on anyone. Hmm. They don't have a safe space. So they have to be their own safe space. So what happens though, and how that translates into adulthood is that now you are in your masculine, you have to take care of everything. But the problem with that is when you are in your masculine, 'cause relationships are about compliments, they're about the yin and the yang.


So when you're in your masculine, you will attract two kinds of men. One, a man that is in his dominant feminine energy who's looking for a mother. Yeah. And two, a man that is in his hyper or toxic masculine energy. And he will want to forcibly submit you into your feminine. Okay? Yeah. Those are the two kinds of men that will have. So one of the things that I do in my program for my clients is I help them create a balance of both the masculine and feminine so that they can also meet people, meet men specifically, that have also a balance as well. One of the things that has happened that maybe a lot of people aren't necessarily talking about is You know in the nineties we had, I don't know, 75% of our households that were run by single mothers.


And that has an effect on how we bond with each other. And, I wanna, statistics, I wanna specifically say this is this affects the way that men also bond with women. So when you're talking about I need a man to do this, this, this, this, and be very particular, it's really a defense mechanism because they've been going through a lot of bullshit. Because a lot of these men have been thought to believe that they are the prize, they what we call enmeshment, which means that they're raised to be a bit entitled. A lot of these single mothers will actually treat these young men growing up as surrogate partners.


They call 'em king, they call 'em all these other things. And so all of the attention, everything is for them. And so they are thought, they believe that that is how right you are supposed to be in relationship with women. Right? And that's not necessarily the case. So when you tell me that there are a lot of women that are demanding it is really because they've experienced a lot of men that are like that. Unfortunately, I'm not here. I'm not here to shit or shade on anybody. I'm here to share with you that a lot of things that maybe people aren't talking about in the context and the why behind it all. I un absolutely understanding how you've done this 15 years. I think just the example of why we're so aggressive when asking for these things.


I've even had to calm down. I think, I don't know If, you believe in astrology, but I think the only thing that's helped me is my Pisces emotional attitude that I've been able to approach things with, with all the pain from relationships. I definitely have a laundry list of things for myself that I know I need. I try not to necessarily pressure someone with them, and I'm in a relationship right now. But I have found that I may find ways to sneak them in or even make mention at how what I've done to other partners, oh, well, X, Y, Z happened to me and they're no longer here. And I haven't really found a healthy way to talk about my boundaries without letting them know this is a hard limit. And I'm curious when in, not in a relationship, but let's just say, because I don't wanna speak for myself in the dating weeds, You know you're starting to like someone, how do you let them know as a partner how they need to show up?


Because what you just mentioned about that to me is preliminary and a really good example of it. But how can we do that once we're in it? Once we know someone's a vibe, how do we Test them? So here's how I think about this. So we have this full courtship, right? And, I always tell, I always say that I, I think women and men think about it differently. So I think men kind of go into it with like a zero mentality, meaning, I don't even know her. I don't even like her yet. Right? She, we have to figure out if I, like her women oftentimes will start at a hundred, right? And be like, okay, if he messes up, I'm taking him down to 90 and we wait until it gets to a certain point before.


So I say all that to say, many women do exactly what you just said. I wanna make sure that he stays at a hundred, which is my idealized version of who I want him to be instead of letting him be who he is, right? Which is, which means kind of, I want women to actually start from zero and allow him to prove himself in a lot of different ways. So I say all of that to say, I don't want you to tell him exactly what you want or what you need. Not early in the courtship. I always think that the date three is a huge inflection point in the courtship. It shows a level of investment. And so from first conversation to date, three, you're in observation mode.


Hmm. You just need to see what I, what his homeostasis is. What his natural way of being is. Because you can give him, you can give him the answers to the test and he can, he can co, he can cram and copy them and, and, and perform for a good three weeks. Three months. But is that his natural way of being Interesting? Is date three related to the sex time? Excuse me. I Feel like most of think people have sex around date. Three. Is that in relation to when you just said date three is a investment Date, three is an investment. Most women have sex on date. Three, because there's a passive and act of pressure that happens on date three. Hmm. That comes from film, media, all of these other things.


And pressure from the patriarchy, right? That's just something that is expected of them. Many of them understand that, know that and feel like they have to, that's why there's like a bit of a, a dip when it comes to after, like after date three. Because also men are expecting that as well. That's you. Interesting. 'cause it's true. It's what it, my boyfriend just said this thing about date three to me. Okay? We had sex on date three, right? And he said, I was like, what have we had sex on date for? He said, for some reason in my brain, and this is someone who can have sex with whoever he wants, right? Most men can. He's like in date three, if I'm not feeling an intense sexual energy, I start to think, are we better as friends?


And. I actually don't know if that's pressure he is putting on someone or if it's where his brain thinks from the interest of the woman. So I agree with you. It is something that people are just used to happening. Because to say that you're not sure if it doesn't get there, he is like, maybe she's not that into me. To be honest. I kind of get it too. Remember when I was dating that guy who wasn't having sex with me, And I was like, he must not be there. The guy from Dreamville, the same thought date three happened, date four. And. I was like, oh yeah, he wants to be my friend. I mean, to me it's interesting because for what I know dating to look like currently, it takes so long to get to date three, because people are juggling and dating so many different people at once. And not only are they not actively going on dates, they're spending a lot of time texting, having phone conversations, FaceTiming, DMing, sending memes.


There's so many actual conversations happening before you meet a person, in person. And then, so to get to date three, sometimes getting to date three can take a month or two with one person because you're actively dating other people. So I find that a little bit difficult or maybe not something that could be related to people that are actively dating multiple people. And so are you recommending that that women date one man at a Time? No. Never. Okay. Good. Always date multiple good. I call it Olympic dating. You need to have a gold medalist, a silver medalist, and a bronze medalist at all times. I think that's the difficulty though, that I'm seeing as well. I think right now with social media and women being okay with this concept, it's almost like our, our attention spans the same way it's related to music.


And now TV shows we're upset when the whole season isn't there available to us. And we have to wait even a week for a new episode. Our attention spans are so short that we're constantly seeking, okay, if he's not all the way on me, I just want someone else to be And I. That's what I realized. Myself and my friends are navigating with dating right now. Like there's just so many that after two weeks though, I'm no longer interested in him. They're just falling by the wayside. Most of them will. Okay. And that's, that's why you date multiple men. Okay? And you keep dating multiple men. Most of them will try. Well, it is Exhausting with the gold, bronze, silver, that comment you just made. What have you seen ends up being, who ends up being the engagement?


You have one a month, you're seeing relationships happen. What have you noticed when you're, 'cause this is almost like therapy to me. Like I'm paying for someone to really help me date. Like I'm telling you about these guys. You're giving me the advice WHOREHIVE you seen. Is it the one that the girl, the women are really wanting? Or is it the guy that they kind of forgot about? So that's a great question. And it really depends on the woman, but I would say half of the time it is the, it is the guy that she's always thinking about. She's kind of first date been sprung, and half the time there's a grow to love, right? And. I. I think there is a bigger point here, which is I think a lot of women have been conditioned and programmed to believe in the spark, right?


That there has to be a spark. The butterflies, the butterflies are really anxiety. Ugh. What you used used to say, me act could spark a car when all the sparks said that. Yeah, But so don't trust the butterflies. Okay? Especially in our black bodies that hold a lot of trauma. Oftentimes we can't really trust what our bodies are telling us. Hmm. So one of the things that I think is important, I call it the slow burn. Hmm, right? That like, if by day two or three your attraction hasn't increased, you gotta let it go. Right? But don't be, don't shade the guy that's currently a six because he might be an eight or a nine to you, two to three months from now.


But what happens, and this, this is what I've learned as a dating coach is many of us, I'm speaking specifically for women of color, but men of color as well. I just work with women of color. Many of us, because of the way that we're raised, are emotionally stunted. So what that means is we look for connection in other ways for not, we don't prioritize emotional connection as much. So we will over prioritize intellectual connection and or physical connection. So one of the things that I really focus on in my clients is making sure that we are open enough to actually connect emotionally.


That means learning how to be vulnerable, sharing and communicating with feelings so that you can also see if the man has emotional capacity to do the same. That's where the deeper emotional connection can happen. Unfortunately, well, not unfortunately, but what happens in reality is that women will have to initiate that for men to feel emotionally safe to do that. But if we don't have the skills to do that, then it's gonna be hard to deeply connect. Mm. So to answer your question, sometimes it's first date. I knew other times it's, it had to grow a little bit. And that's okay too.


Wouldn't it be nice if nothing stood in your way? You're so close yet so far TV should be easy. We do the hard work. So you don't have to, with Xfinity, nothing stands between you and what you wanna watch. Just save for you into your Xfinity voice remote to jump back into your favorites, like streaming the iHeartRadio hot top 40 playlist for all the hits. Or get a new recommendation based on what you've watched or saved. So you can get right to the good stuff effortlessly.


Chba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the chumba life@chumbacasino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited by law, sea terms and conditions. 18 plus


High five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with green light. You can send instant money transfers, set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Get your first month free at greenlight.com/iheart.


Need New glasses or want a fresh new style? Warby Parker has you covered glasses. Start at just 95 bucks, including anti-reflective scratch resistant prescription lenses that block 100% of UV rays. Every frames designed in-house with a huge selection of styles for every face shape. And with Warby Parker's free home Tryon program, you can order five pairs to try at home for free. Shipping is free both ways too. Go to warby parker.com/cupboard to try five pairs of frames at home for free. Warby parker.com/cupboard.


I recently heard this advice, I want you to tell me what you think about this at a conversation with my partner about when we knew. And he talks about a point that was too, he's like, oh, I knew I was really in love with you at this month. And It's, what month was that? It was month three or four. He's like, that's when I knew I was feeling it. Which we weren't in a relationship by then, but he was like right at month three. I was like, well, I don't wanna let her go. Like I'm seeing this thing. I felt like one, one and a half months. I was like, oh, I can tell this'll be him. A friend of mine said, that's because men feel love and distance. And that third month I was traveling a lot. We were on tour. So that's true. So men need the space.


And she said that you felt super in love when that you spent more time with him face To face. He didn't know until you were away. Would you recommend women to give say no sometimes to dates or give it that space when men are very eager, Not necessarily if they're feeling it. Right. So again, going back to some of the boundary conversation that we talked about, we wanna have one to two dates a week, right? The thing that I think women need to understand is that they are, they control the pace of the relationship and the emotional depth of the relationship through your boundaries, right? And through your vulnerability. And so one of the things that I think is important is to make sure that you are in control of the pace, right?


One of the things that can happen is, and this is what I also say for people, WHOREHIVE, these marathon first dates, right? That you really do want to make sure it's a couple of hours, if not more. If he wants to take you out again, let him take you out again. Right? But the reason why I say that is because there's this thing called exposure bias, which is if something is' front of me a long time, I'm going to like it more. And so If, you spend a lot of time with someone really fast, your brain will tell you because you're in their presence, that you like them more. And when you like someone more, you will let them get away with more than you like. That's how the fuck I ended up in my last relationship, the pandemic.


I literally just brought this up in therapy. Like M and Weezy were on our town hall last night with the patrons and we're writing a book and she started reading a few of my chapters and was surprised at how little my ex was in there. And. I ended up bringing it up in therapy today. And it's crazy because I've been having sex now for 18, 19 years of my life. He was three of 'em. But even in the way that I register, that relationship now is almost like it's a blip in the matrix. Because I literally say, had we not been in a pandemic, I can't say I would've ended up with him because literally we met and we spent 20 days together. That's a lot. But it's because literally because there was nothing else to fucking do.


Nothing was open. Even our first date we went hiking, he could have killed me, probably should have known he was a sociopath then. But it was literally just because nothing was open. And so I literally, I think by day 25 was like, I love this person. And so now that I'm dating a part of me is in fear that I maybe only even liked him because I had that time to spend because he was in front of me. Because me and Weezy travel so much. No, you, that's, you weren't doing boyfriend girlfriend stuff before I was cooking for him. I know, that's my point though. What did you get to have? But that's what I'm saying. Because of the blip in the matrix bitch, the pandemic had me cooking for a nigga because restaurants wasn't open You. know what I mean? So it's so hard for me to date now and and recognize what that relationship was because of when it happened.


And so now when I'm trying to date, I'm just like, shit out of sight outta mind. And. I feel like dating. Is that, so how does that work? When you were swiping in Barcelona different places? How does that work when long distance dating? Yeah. Yeah. So you were talking a little bit about that. You were like, oh, two weeks. Two weeks they have To come and see me. Yeah. Two weeks. So yes. What I say is, depending on the location, 'cause actually a lot of my clients get into medium distance relationships. Is that like two to three hours away? Yeah. Atlanta, New York, medium distance. Well maybe you're thinking car. Oh yeah, car or Flight. Yeah, car, right. Oh, okay. So like Atlanta to Chattanooga, Atlanta to Charleston, Alabama. Gotcha. Right. Or whatever.


But flight too, right? Okay. All right girl. Girl, do your thing. I always say for long distance, he has to come and see you in the first month. Yep. Ooh, Okay. In the first month. In the first month. Okay. In the first month, if he, if he's in New York and he's a well-to-do somebody, and you're in California, it might take a while. Yeah. He might need to get to know you for a couple of weeks before making the determination that he wants to invest in that way. Right. Even if he's well todo, It's not about money, It's about the effort of him coming to you. Well, Well no, it, oh, I'm talking about from the man's perspective. He has to know, especially if someone is smart and successful.


The thing that I think people need to understand and people give coffee dates a lot of shit. But wealthier individuals will actually go on more informal coffee dates because they wanna know that the investment that they're about to put into someone is going to be worth it. So they're doing their due diligence and they get to do that. Right? So this is more about, is this person someone that I want to invest with or not? What's the ROI? Potentially, and there's Three hours. It's so funny because the internet is completely against the coffee, the lunch, the, the, that was actually my next question. Let's debunk some stuff, But I think, but when you say the internet, I think a lot of black women specifically are against coffee dates.


And the reason is because a lot of their experience have been low effort and have been with men that never had the means to actually be ready for a relationship. Or They don't live in New York where they got the Starbucks two story thing with cocktails. Y'all been to that thing, what it called the Starbucks. But still, I always kind of felt like wasn't sexy enough for me. Right. So for me, I love that it really wasn't the effort. 'cause to me we go for a walk in the park museum, to me that can be super low effort. You're not spending money. Right. The coffee thing, I for some reason always felt like there's people in and out. There's the go orders. It's not a date vibe for girl. The reserve hit the reserve more than the money to, to me a little bit with the coffee was baby, right after I drank this coffee, we got three minutes of talking and then I'm gonna have to shit like, and now I gotta shit on the first date.


Like that's what coffee does to me. I literally take girl 30 minute dates, just a quick interview. But that's what I'm saying. But then I ain't gonna be able to drink my coffee. Let's debunk one more. Splitting checks. Oh yeah. No, bro, the internet, we will fight about that. We will. I wonder, do white people fight about that? Because I don't see it on white Twitter, but I ain't Older men paying for the first date an absolute for you. They have to pay for most of the dates. Okay. If not all of them. I have my own strategy. And I help my clients like date by date, figure out exactly what they need to do, what kinds of dates they need to be on, things like that. It is very, very important that a man pays for a date because what he is signaling is his potential to provide for you.


Right? I think most of us are in agreement of that. What I think the backlash from men is, is that they don't wanna feel like they're being used for their money Taken advantage of. Yeah, of Course. But also the dynamics have changed. When you look at the statistics and you actually break it out, single black women make more than single black men. I'm just talking about this. Oh no, we Know. Yeah. For the highest rate of entrepreneurs. If I'm making, let's say 60 K and you are making 90 K, why do I have to take, why do I have to take the brunt of all of this? This is the thanks Rocky. This is the mentality. And so that's why you're seeing so, so much more.


50 50. The we're not having these conversations in the eighties and the nineties, even the early two thousands. Right? It has only been since You know kind of black women have been killing the game. Most educated, right? Amazing degrees, amazing jobs and things like that where you're starting to get this conversation. In What way then, can a woman, so say we've gone on two or three dates, I've heard men who after three dates, she ain't even offer, she ain't offered a refill. The hookah tips or nothing You. know what I mean? Like at what point can a woman show that she's interested without seeming to be masculine or seeming to That's a good question.


Emasculate the man or making feel like he's Not, so this iss what I tell my clients. So like I was telling you before, date three is an inflection point. Okay? So one of the things that I think will be really important is don't offer to pay the check on day three. What you do is you bring a small gift to him on date three. Okay? That's 25, $20 or less. Thoughtful, considerate, something that he wouldn't get for himself, that is based on his hobbies, his passion. Let's say he loves the Yankees, we're gonna get him a Yankee hat or some socks or, or a shirt or something like that. Oh, this is Cute. I like this. Yeah, yeah.


Understand this. When you do this, you're letting him know that you're not using him for a, he's not a bank to you. Mm. And that you've heard him and that you're thinking about him. 'cause he just wants to be considered. You also have to understand that men do not receive presents or gifts. And you can ask each and every one of them. They don't receive presents. They barely maybe even get a card from their mama. So when you give them a gift, what you will do is you will separate yourself from the other women out there. And he will start to think of you as someone who is a potential girlfriend or a wife, and not just someone that he's hanging out with. Hmm. I would like to be your protege. And I tell you why not joking.


The last person I dated, I got him a vinyl record on our fourth date. I don't know why, but I did it. And he brought it up so often and it felt like nothing to me. It, It really is nothing, but it's everything to him. He was Just like, he would tell his friends, he would tell people when we were meeting, like, oh my God, she did this gesture. Like she heard me bring up Lovers Rock. That's my favorite type of music. I was like, but I did want him to know I cared about them. But I, I never thought about that. And I had started to tell girlfriends about that. And then of course the thing is, well, he didn't get me a gift yet, so why am I starting to give gifts for someone who didn't give me a gift? But he has. But that's the problem with homegirls. We gotta, I think sometimes we gotta watch a little bit of our homegirls.


So the, the guy that You know that we'll talk anyways, one of, one of my dudes that I see, the very first time I met him, it was his birthday weekend and I'm in the airport and I'm like, shit, I know it's his birthday. So I go, And I, get him two colognes. And my friend probably got on me so bad because mind you, he had paid for my flight, paid for my room. I was having my own room, but I knew it was his birthday weekend. And so whether I would spend the whole weekend with him or not, I'm like, well, I should bring him something. And she got on me so hard 'cause she was like, how you buying him something before he buy you something? What kind of president is that? Now he gonna expect. So the fact that your friends even brought up to you, it felt so natural for me to do.


Same. But in the And, I upon the contrary. So Mandy And, I got into this conversation. I love to bring this up. We talked about that same guy I cooked for and we were doing an episode with my mother years ago, and she's like, I can't believe you're cooking for him so early, blah, blah, blah. My mother was a housewife. So all of this stuff had already been in my brain. Just You know. Make that one little meal. Show him how you could be, if You know, we hear a lot about women cooking for men. What is your opinion on doing too much as a woman? Because we are supposed to show that we would be a great potential wife or girlfriend. How Can No. Oh, thank you. I said that's doing too much. And I still stand on it.


But you did just make that comment when it came to the gift. Now, in their head, that's what they're thinking. But That's what they're thinking. But that doesn't need to be your motivation. Oh, okay. There's a difference, right? So, mm, you are doing it because he has, he has shown you, he has invested, he's paid for two dates, right? So what you're showing is a level of reciprocation, respect, appreciation, and acknowledgement for how he's shown up for you so far. And also what you will see, If, you choose to do this, people that are listening, is that he will pay for any date moving forward after that. Because he knows that you are someone that respects and honors that, right?


I think this is important in terms of, see what you're talking about is auditioning for a man. We don't do that. That's performance. And a lot of women are conditioned and per like You know, basically programmed to think that they have to audition and perform to be chosen. And what, what I'm here to do and for women to hear is that you actually get to be the chooser. And women need to stop waiting to be chosen, right? And you get to choose based on your boundaries, right? You get to say, Hmm, no, that's not gonna work for me. Right? And he has to kind of be in line with all of those. Or he's out.


Wouldn't it be nice if nothing stood in your way? You're so close yet so far. TV should be easy. We do the hard work. So you don't have to, with Xfinity, nothing stands between you and what you wanna watch. Just save for you into your Xfinity Voice remote to jump back into your favorites. Like streaming the iHeartRadio hot top 40 playlist for all the hits. Or get a new recommendation based on what you've watched or saved so you can get right to the good stuff effortlessly.


You slept through your alarm, missed the train and your breakfast sandwich. Ugh. Cold. Sounds like you could use some luck. I'm Victoria Cash and Lucky Land is where people go every day To get lucky. At Lucky Land, you can play over a hundred casino style games for free. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, go to lucky lands slots.com and get lucky today. No purchase necessary. V GW Crew Floyd, we're prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com I five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Hey, hey, it's John O'Brien from Money and Wealth on the Black Effect Network on iHeartRadio. I'm inviting you to come to join me at Black Week October 15th through 18th in the big Apple, New York City. Black Week is an economic conference that aims to move our culture forward and drive greater economic opportunity to diverse businesses, suppliers, and professionals. As an entrepreneur and businessman myself who has created over 40 enterprises and a leading expert in financial economic inclusion, I understand the power of economic opportunity and financial literacy, which I think is a civil rights issue of this generation. Come be a part of this first of its kind event intended to unlock the potential of black and diverse creators and consumers. Helping you to get into the C-suites where these decisions are made. Tickets can be purchased@blackweek.co slash register where you can use my exclusive code JB Black Week to receive 20% off your executive registration And hear me speak live black. We 2024, October 15th through October 18th in New York City. Claim your spot today.


The NFL and the American Cancer Society created crucial catch to help more people catch cancer early, especially in communities with the greatest need. The five year survival rate for many cancers is over 90%. When detected early, don't wait. Early detection can save lives. Visit nfl.com/crucial catch. Define your local cancer screening resources and learn how to reduce your cancer risk.


I have a serious question. Not to be devil's advocate. No, Please. Please. These men that are out here dating, let them be black attractive with a good job. How can a woman not show efforts? I get the gift thing, but seriously are we to think that there's not, I just very rarely, I'm sure you can agree with this, when dating a decent guy, you look at a picture of their ex, they're not just beautiful. If they've got a great job, they're funny, they're smart. Like there's something about 'em. I've been fans of two girls, my boyfriend's, I never compare, I never look at the ex though. Well, well what is the reason for looking at ex? I'm not talking about comparing Mandy. I'm talking about men having amazing options of women, especially in these metropolitan cities.


I'm never com saying, oh my God, she's got more X, Y, Z than me. I'm just saying, these girls are amazing. Like why should we be feeling like they're so lucky? Like, 'cause that is really where, and what you're saying I'm not disagreeing with because I do agree that women hold a lot of power in choosing, but I also think men do too. A lot of these men are dating a bunch of amazing women. And how should there not be an audition? Because I'm kind of wanting them to do that for me. How are they just supposed to choose me off of great conversations from five dates? I, I think that's a great question. So let's take a step back 'cause I think this is really important, especially for black women specifically.


So just off the cuff, for every 80, for every a hundred black women, there are 88 black men. Hmm. So there are literally not enough of them to go around. And when you also focus in on the fact that they are interracially, black men are interracially dating three times, the rate that black women are there are really not enough to go around, especially in these metropolitan cities. There are probably 20 to 25% more black women than black men. Ooh. That's Atlanta and DC Oh, about Houston And all of these places. But this is the reason I'm giving you these numbers is so that you understand the dynamic similar to college, right?


There are actually more women going to college than men. And so what happens is there, these men have six to eight women that are chasing after them, the will to dos that have a lot going on and they get to choose. And so one of the reasons why maybe I get a lot of views or controversy is I, I think that a lot of black women should date outside of their race. Oh would date everybody? Definitely get to that. That's a lot of the content I've seen. Most of the time I see people celebrate you, but when I see mean comments about you, it's those videos. Right. Which to be honest, yeah. They, they hate, they hate, they hate that I say it and that's Okay. Yeah. I don't wanna hear it.


I, I, I personally, no, I know. Me and her recently on an episode went back and forth about it. Like when I was talking about just mentally getting over the trauma of not really feeling safe with black men, but still wanting to only be with and only being physically and sexually attracted to them. I have zero desire to date outside of black men. So when that seems to be normally the answer that people give me in terms of my journey through dating and finding love, it's a little frustrating. Like personally, And I, ironically it's coming from an interracial person, but interracial, biracial. I'm like, what? I'm like, wait, I'm off here a little bit.


But yeah. So I do wanna hear a little bit more of this sentiment. I understand the statistics and the odds again, I'm about to be moving to Atlanta. My friends live there. I get it's fucking hard. But why is that the answer? Because there's power in choice. Okay. And you don't have much of a choice when you only hyperfocus on black men. Hmm hmm. You lose your power. So I did a lot of videos about the statistics of this, right? And If, you just If you just focus on black men. Black, you're really only looking at one. And this is for relationship ready. Well, to do, right?


You're looking at 2% of the population. I thought you was about to say two people. I thought that's what it feel like out here. I thought, But think about this. Right? Okay. Two, two per 2% of men out there that are relationship ready, that are ready to provide, that are not gay, that are not in jail, that all of this, that have The emotional, the emotional intelligence. What I'm telling, what I'm telling women is that when you, and I'm not just saying white dudes, everybody, okay? That you seven x your chances of being able to find your, your person because of the population that you are shopping in. Yeah. Okay.


I'll open it to Dominican. I'm here, I'm, I'm here to, to share that. Oftentimes what will happen is I'm, I'm focused on black women finding love and having the best person be with them. Right. I don't really care what package it's in ultimately. Hmm. A lot of black women do. But I do think it's important to understand that there's a passive and there's an active pressure to do so in the community. Oh, of course. So I think it's important to understand that some of this is manipulation.


Some of this is you can't do better. One, I hear a lot, you can't do better than us. Nobody wants you. Right. There are a lot, there's a lot of commentary. Well, what about the black race? You have to, you are in charge of keeping the black race like going. Right. There's a lot of commentary that is pressurized so that black women feel like they have to do this. Whether it's conscious or subconscious. And. I think it's very important to understand that if we were all born in China, y'all would be into Chinese men. Right? So understand this right. That this is also an, an exposure thing.


And I wanna be really clear when I say this, but sensitive. This is also, this is also a trauma response for a lot of our, our unfulfilled relationships with our fathers. Can I ask you, even, even though I'm the one with the black mama, black dad, I looked at you because Yeah. I got the black dad. I, I don't want what I, ironically I don't want anyone like my father. Okay. So for me only wanting a black man, I, I, I find that difficult. However, I will say in terms of my experience with others, only, only hearing you talk makes sense.


So my mom, when she felt like she was done with black men because of just the failed relationships, and she's a white woman. When she tried to step out, the information that was brought back from her being on these dates was how she was hurt. That none of them wanted to come back and meet her three black daughters. So to me, knowing that my mom is a white woman, no other race ever wanted to like be with a white woman with three black girls, I just never felt like any of them races wanted me, period. And then I also went to all black schools. So that was my environment, that's what I grew up around You know. But I guess that's how I felt it on the other end.


Then, not really my dad, but, but I maybe my mom's experience. Yeah. I again, if sometimes, and it, it works both ways. If, you have a great relationship with your dad, you wanna kind of reinvent that, right? When you don't have a great relationship with your dad, you wanna rewrite history so that you still feel like the void that you have within is filled with your new black partner. Does this connect with men with their mothers? Because I 100% my dad, And, I have a great relationship. And there's one particular thing that my boyfriend just met him for the first time.


And I said so much how my dad's very affectionate and kissy and cuddly with me. And literally when we were in the car home, he is like, oh, I get it. Like your dad is very protector mode. My dad's in a wheelchair, but still is like making sure I'm doing this and that and making sure I'm okay and seeing where I'm walking. And he is like, I get why you think you need a man like this 'cause this is what you want. You watch your mom have these healthy relationships. You don't even see a guy another way. On the contrary, when it comes to men and their mothers, I've experienced, I'm very much a host. Let me take care of you person. Even with girlfriends and almost every man I've dated except for this one, has a weird relationship with their mom. So I'm attracting the guy who can't get off the tee basically because I'm that girl That they're replacing their, the you with their, they wanted their mom to be, but that's what I'm saying.


Right. That's their, that's their core relationship. So that is how many times they are going to relate to women. So if their mother was overbearing and and abusive, they're gonna probably be abusive toward women. Hmm. They're not gonna like women and they're going to try to feel like they have control over women because they never felt like they had control with their relationship with their mother. When it also like it is just making me think now, when it comes to dating and needing to express trauma, whether it be a relationship with your parents that are strained or whatever it might be, do you think these things need to be spoken about before that two month mark? Because to wolf's point, years insane.


But I never really think about a relationship in two to three months because a lot of those deep dark secrets don't come out for me for a while. So can you tell me a little bit about what should be solved before the commitment? That's a great question. And, I think it really speaks to the fact that a lot of people are getting into exclusive or committed relationships thinking like they have to evaluate these people for marriage. And that's not necessarily the case. While you're in a, you need to be in a relationship, my opinion, you need to be in a relationship with someone to see how they show up within an actual relationship. Meaning I have emotional responsibility for you and you have emotional responsibility for me.


And I'm going to start to share with you more about myself. Right? To think that you are going to know someone within two to three months, I always say you probably know th two to 3% of somebody every week. If one, you're getting to know them. So just thinking like maybe You know a third of them while before you get into an actual committed relationship with them. The rest of the relationship is continuing to get to know them and know them to maybe the 80% mark, 70, 80% mark. So You don't think it's bad then And I right now I can think of as the current partner, he takes a lot of pride in not having many girlfriends because he takes dating more serious. However, on the contrary, if you're in relationships for two to three months as a woman, he's like, you have, you have had so many boyfriends I can't even keep up.


But I was that girl too. Like, oh, if we're not You know exclusive amount. So do you think it may be wrong for people that are jumping too quickly? Well, I think everyone gets to date however they want to. Whatever feels good for them. Right. And, I would never want to deny someone if they feel like they're ready. Even like my clients, sometimes they feel like I'm ready and it's been two months. Right. I might think let's wait another month or so. Yeah. But if they're ready, what can, my job is to help my clients honor how they feel, what their intuition is telling them. 'cause I feel like an intuition really will not stray you.


Right. And, I Wanna make sure that women do trust that because it's very important in the dating process. So if you're telling me that you are ready, who am I to say that you're not? Can I, can I ask you then a question? Especially with this being horrible decisions, putting a note in my phone is about sex especially, especially talking about intuition. What if I have the intuition to suck your dick on the first night? What do you tell your clients who maybe introduce sex early on with somebody? That was my question. Do we lose that power? They continue to have sex and then feelings evolve. Or like how do you make sure that you're not cut off or just seen as the fun girl or just the sex partner? If, you actually do Want more, but And I don't wanna call it a mistake, but you'll, you'll Bell be put into a category it So Steve Harvey's Right.


But you will be moved into that category. You will be moved into that category. First night, I, I spoke, I spoke about this in a video, And I think that men often put you in categories very early, whether you are kind of the desperate girl, whether you are the good time girl, he'll put you in the good time girl. Whether you are the good enough girl, whether you are the dream girl, whether you are the out of his league girl. Right. That was a video that I I did a while ago. And I got that concept from a a, a profile called Feminine Universe. Yeah. And it, it is a hundred percent correct.


Now, I'm someone women, y'all do whatever you wanna do. It's your body. Right. I know for sure though that it probably will not help you in the courtship. Couple of things happen. One when, no, let's just say sex in general. Yep. Right. I know that women get chemically bonded to men when they have sex with them. Most women, some women can hit it and quit it and not think twice. You'll be, and you, we all know that girl. Yeah, That girl that Right here. I'm right here. That girl who is You know who has had sex with a guy. Everyone around her knows that that guy's not worth shit.


But she, she literally is addicted to him because she is chemically bonded to him based on the orgasm that she had. These are all chemicals and hormones that are happening that are affecting the way that your reasoning. On the flip side, what happens when a guy has sex with you is especially early on and the emotional connection hasn't really happened, is he has a bonding hormone called vasopressin. And his vasopressin will decrease after he has sex. So it will make him want to out. This is science. Science, physically science did this shit post not clarity. Oh.


Now I wanna ask you guys, because from I have so many male friends, what you just said. Completely agree. One of my male friends is in his mid forties dating, divorced. I really think he just said to me those words, I met my dream girl. I don't know if like, I'm ready for her. That's what he said. Don't know if I'm ready for her. But like my dream girl sent me a photo, told me her job, and he told me about a fun girl. And I'm like, oh my God, what you're saying is so true. The list and this roster is literally broken up into that. He even said one day he had too many fun girls on the roster. He's like, now it's time for a smart one. And we're laughing about it. He's single worst. Right? Like you're in your face. But like, would y'all agree you have those? We keep real, eh, I don't think this group of guys is like that.


No, I don't think I disagree. I don't think this group of guys is really like that. Oh, I talked to Three Outta four about what I've heard them say. Mainly. I mean, Wolf was in a relationship or is in a relationship and so we've talked so much about that. But yeah, I mean I think y'all have even said stuff like this to me, especially you Dave, but it's fine. 3:00 AM drunk talks. I Not, the call out is the bill on The show. Hold on. What I you He literally, he's literally chilling. You calling him out like a girl. She said, you niggas ain't gonna answer me. I'm gonna put all shit. Because she said, I don't think these guys are in. I'm like, I'm trying to save the room. And she's like, actually no, don't. They don't wanna be saved. That's crazy. The pie theory. I really loved what you said. I think that would help women so much.


Just hearing about how to date. Can you tell us a little bit about how you came up with that? And if you've, if you've learned that throughout the 15 years, If you always kind of started with that. No, I, it's something that continues to evolve and develop with time. Right. So pie really stands for physical, intellectual, and emotional connection. Right. And, I, I always tell my clients And for you all out there as well, you want to, after every date, after every month, you want to be evaluating how the date was and how he is physical, intellectual, emotional. And take the average of that. Right? So let's say he's a seven physical, but like a 10 intellectual and emotional.


I wanna let You know that's the T code. I was gonna say That's Kind of a winner. You, you want want But I actually go for like a 10. A 10, seven. Seven, seven. But that's what I was saying before, right? That we many of us will hyperfocus on the physical Physical. Yep. Because our emotional, we, we get to develop it. We need to develop it a little bit more. So, because I know that if he starts out at a seven, he might grow to a nine with time. Hmm. Right. So, but I, I also want women to also take into consideration the financial. Okay. Right. High is its own thing, but he might have it all. He might be hot, he might be smart, he might have emotional capacity, but he might be poor.


How can you have all those things pee pee, ruin your life. Pee. Okay. I mean I think that that's what you have to consider now. You, you must, you You must like you must exit $10. It will. But the other thing is, And you's gonna bring me one with two broken, especially If, you are dating and you are a smart and successful woman. You need to find someone that makes at at least 80% of what you make. Ooh, okay. I like that math. Why do I say that? A man who made significantly less than you do will always feel emasculated.


Yep. Will always feel inadequate. And what that means is that he will try to humble you and he will try to bring you down. That was my to his level. So that he feels better about himself. Yeah. Yep. I did not see that really with my ex until the growth. So I hadn't really expect to make, meet someone that was making 80% of what I made. But I realized through growing there were a lot of little comments. He wasn't an abusive guy or really even a mean guy, but just this little stuff for his own ego where he would start to say, oh, you see how now you're doing your photo shoot with Essence, I remember that day who put you on wear and stuff like that. And I'm like, who cares? Literally just say I look good.


But I agree there's these little things they'll try to pick out to make you feel smaller. And, I do see some differences with financial status in today's culture. I'm curious, a lot of women are meeting men 'cause it's so easy to access a celebrity, a podcaster, an athlete. What has been your advice when women are dating famous men? Because I haven't seen that my friends have been successful at all with it. Mm. Don't Simple. Don't Well let them be your fun boys or toys. Even that can be really tricky. Okay. Because you will get enamored with the lifestyle.


Yeah. And then you'll want to really truly be a part of it. Okay. I say don't be for a number of reasons. So let's just say athlete. Right. All day, every day. This person is the center of attention. So by being in a relationship with him, you will, you will always be a second class citizen in your own relationship. Hmm. Okay. Which doesn't feel good for anybody. Secondly, you also have to understand that the, the reason why this person got to where he is, I'll just put it for him, is that he has always strived for better, better, better.


He's always wanting to improve. Mm. And he will often want you to do the same thing and not accept you for who you are. He'll want you better. And if he doesn't want If, you don't become better. He will cheat on you. What did we just have a conversation with? We did. One of my friends e's making past a hundred million dollars started dating a girl that worked at TJ Maxx. Obsessed with her, thought she was so smart. She was in a managerial role. She is gorgeous, but he is like, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy, I'm happy. A few months ago someone asked for a follow up about this. And I asked him what happened with her.


He said she broke up with me. I'm like, why? He's like, she said that she always felt for me like she wasn't good enough. He's like, but I never made her feel that way. I said, really? Are you sure? And he said, I mean there were moments where I'd say things to her like, you could be doing X, Y, Z, I'll pay for you. Yep. And so, yeah, she just wasn't interested. She likes working in retail. She came from the bottom up and he said he kept trying to push her and he said, but how was I the person that's wrong when I'm just being supportive? And I completely agree with you. How could he not date someone else who's another TV exec or whatever. Then she'll never maybe be a hundred millionaire. But yeah, I I can see that you may never be good enough.


Yeah. The last point I will make, which I mean some girls will like this, some girls won't, is that for those sorts of individuals, you, you'll need to be more open sexually. 'cause they may be into kinky or shit and Am Yeah. And is Andrew If, you can't You know I love McDonald's fries and if I had it three times a day for an entire month, at some point I would need onion rings. Onion rings. Sure would. So what does that mean? That means like I might get into men, I might get into begging a variety of different things.


Right? Yeah. So I think it's important like If, you gonna do that? Be ready for that, But also be a match for that. I'm ready. I man And, I I'm a match are girls that have always talked about sexual freedom expression. We're bisexual. And I meet so many women that are getting into relationships with men that are having a threesome. 'cause they, the man wants You know. Yeah. If, you don't wanna taste it. I don't think you should be jumping in there. But again, I think finding someone who's with a matching lifestyle is more fitted. Just one quick one. Any vis advice you've given that you regret maybe that where as the times have changed in 15 years of dating, even If you gave advice about being 50 50 with fine anything. Has there been something that you're like, nah, That's a good question.


I think it's more specific. Like it's really, sometimes it's really tricky to, to be a dating coach for grown ass people. Right? And so earlier on my, in my career, if my client said I'm doing this, da da da da, go girl, do it. Do it. But what I've learned as I've continued to coach is that sometimes you, sometimes pushing back does help and saying, actually I, no, I don't think this is a good idea and I'm gonna tell you why. To help to protect them from doing things or engaging with people that really aren't for them. So I think it's, it's not necessarily a specific piece of advice.


I think me not saying something when I should have Hmm. Is like the thing that I would regret. Like, oh, you're gonna do this You know you're gonna be in his car and and date one or go to his house on date two. Okay. Now, as a coach, I'm firm with, that's not really kind of the perspective of my program. Like I would not suggest this and I'm gonna tell you the 17 reasons why, right? They get to still do it if they want to, but at least my conscious is Claire And I know that I've done everything that I can to keep my clients as safe as possible. I wanna sponsor a program for some, one of our listeners that really feel like they need it and may not be able to afford it.


But I'm also like, I want you to, I don't know if we could talk numbers, but please let them know your website. It's, it's, it's in the four figures for sure. Four Figures. It's in the four figures. Yeah. Okay. I'll do 30%. Do do, can they do a payment plan? Like Yeah, We have tons of payment, payment plans available. And so your program is, it's targeted just for them and how long is it? Yeah, so I work specifically with black and brown women. And there it's anywhere from six to 12 months. Most of my clients will get their guide between, let's say months six and nine. But if you're in Atlanta, Texas, Florida, California's probably gonna take you 12 to 15 months. Wow. That's a really honest answer. And that is worth four figures if it's six months to a year.


Okay. No, I'm, I'm, I'm for real. I want a lot of our WHOREHIVE when we do this next town hall. Seriously, tell me if you're considering this, I I really believe in what you're saying. I feel like most pieces of advice I hear maybe don't relate, but a lot of the things you've said have either worked for me or I've heard elsewhere. So I really believe in this specifically for black women that are listening and that I know we're, we've had so much trouble dating this show is what I said, eight years. It ain't, it ain't, it's seven, seven to change. Ooh. Almost eight. We wouldn't have content if they weren't bad. If we, we had you on episode three instead of 400. We may have not had a show. So please these apples off.


We ain't at 400 yet. But keep going. Please tell people where to find you and how they can connect best with you. Yeah. So on socials, I am dating Coach Anmar, A-N-W-A-R. You can go to my website, get your guy coaching.com If, you are interested in learning a little bit more about what I do. Or you can book a call on the website, If, you want to figure out a little bit more about my programs. By the way, If, you are listening to us on Apple or the iHeartRadio app or tuning in, watching us on YouTube. All of that information will be in the description of this week's episode. So make sure you go ahead and click those links. Also, make sure you subscribe.


Hello, leave a comment rate review all the things. Help us climb the charts and If you Want more bonus content. Weezy mentioned the town hall. That's right. Make sure you join us on Patreon. Once a month we record an episode with all of you. I think last month we had about 120 something people up in there joining us. And they're also up to date on our fucked up lives. Well, mine fucked up. Not so much yours. Anyways, join us on Patreon, that's patreon.com/horrible decisions. I'm literally just thinking of pricing this just, sorry, I have a DD my homegirl just paid 12,000. She's in her forties. She lives in Atlanta. Maybe it's Millionaire Matchmaker, not just matchmaker. I think she's like finding someone that's just like really targeted and serious and just for you to say it's four figures.


I'm like, I do think that is probably $9,999. By the way, can I just say something? If you're a black woman, do not get a matchmaker. They will. They will. Ooh, don't ever get a matchmaker. Now we gotta do a part two dating coach versus matchmaker. Okay. Okay. There, there's something. She got, she hired a matchmaker, not a coach. Yep. Understood. Boom. I know she did. She he said, I know. And that's why your friend's single. That's what he really said. Thank you. Thank y'all. This has been yet another episode of Poor Decisions. Peace. So I guess before I started I I, I wanted to give like my own voicemail to you guys because I would love to know your thoughts.


I'm recording with wheezy in a little bit, but I'm like, I don't have my thoughts all together just yet on how to express this. And so I just kind of wanted y'all to drop your comments on maybe where I'm at. So I had therapy yesterday, And, I'm in this weird place on battling if I'm a good person or not. And it's because of my current thoughts in how I wanna show up romantically, how I wanna show up for people. Like right now, I, I hate people, which is crazy because I'm a very social person. But I have recently just feel like I felt like my, my social battery is completely drained in where normally it recharges bitch.


It's not, it's, it's not recharging how I'm used to romantically. I'm in this, right. Y'all have now my, my need to wanna be poly is so that I could only give but so much to somebody. I'm, I'm battling with the idea that a relationship you have to give someone your all and baby, I don't have it. I, I And, I don't wanna show up the bare minimum in relationships because I know I put so much effort into my friendships and into my work.


But romantically and in terms of even making new platonic relationships, your girl ain't got it. And, I don't know if it's because I feel like I've received the bare minimum when I gave my all also just like, and, and y'all know I no longer have that other podcast, that relationship. I feel like I am, what's the word? I I'm not mourning it 'cause I don't miss it. I'm not grieving it. But it's one of those where it's like, bitch, like for all that I've done, this is where I end. And to know that that's like the same feeling I had with my last relationship and my ex, I am really just like, I fucking hate people.


And so when I'm questioning if I'm a good person or not, I'm just like, is it okay that I only wanna show up and give the bare minimum right now? Like, am I allowed to be this selfish and it be okay? Like, am I able to say I really wanna see you tomorrow and then maybe I don't wanna text or talk to you for two days? And is that okay? And is that acceptable? Like, because I accept it. Like I don't need someone to hit me all day every day. I think you guys heard me and wheezy go back and forth on that too. Like, I think that's why a relationship right now just sounds like everything I would hate.


But is that me just wanting to show up as a shitty person? I don't know. So If, you guys, if If, you understand what I'm saying? Write it in the comments. Is being selfish, does, does that make you a bad person? Does wanting to show up in, in, in a way that only serves you bad? Am I like drop your, I I I hope any of you guys are even You know. I actually don't hope any of you guys are on the same plane as me right now because it sucks. Like, because I, I love giving, I love being a giver. Y'all know that I'm a pleaser and baby right now.


I just, I don't know. And it's been, it's been since it's been this year, I think touring with tonight's conversations and being around all those rooms and all those personalities for about five months touring the breakup of, see the thing is Wei and I's relationship demands a lot in order to just communicate effectively. Finally getting over my ex, but running into him and reliving all of those feelings and then just business wise, like people just being shitty, the internet being really shitty. And, I think a part of, I know y'all gonna say, bitch, stop reading the comments, bitch, stop reading the comments.


It's a lot harder than you guys think. And so I think it's difficult where I'm questioning how I show up. While the internet is also telling me I'm undeserving of love. I'm undeserving of You know a man would never put a ring on my finger anyway. So bitch, what you talking about? So you just called a segment from our bonus content over on Patreon, we have so much more bonus content. BTS live episodes, hundreds of hours. How are you not subscribed? Go right now. patreon.com/ Whoreible Decisions,


Wouldn't it be nice if nothing stood in your way? You're so close yet so far. TV should be easy. We do the hard work so you don't have to with Xfinity, nothing stands between you and what you wanna watch. Just save for you into your Xfinity Voice remote to jump back into your favorites like streaming the iHeartRadio hot top 40 playlist for all the hits. Or get a new recommendation based on what you've watched or saved so you can get right to the good stuff effortlessly.


Hello, it is Ryan And. I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on chumba casino.com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and You know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba casino's home to hundreds of casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now@chumbacasino.com to claim your free welcome bonus. That's chumba casino.com and live the chumba Life Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino.


It's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Enjoy. Buy one, get one KFC Famous Bowl combos only on Uber Eats still craving. We got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos, you name it. All season long and only on Uber Eats official on demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms apply. See app for details.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.