
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting. Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


I've never felt like this before. It's like you just get me. I feel like my true self with you. Does that sound crazy? And it doesn't hurt that you are gorgeous. Okay, that's it. I'm taking you home with me.


Emini here. You can't find shoes this good just anywhere. Find a shoe for every you from brands you love like Birkenstock, Nike, Adidas, and more at your DSW store or dsw.com.


You know, some people say that ooo, business management software is like fertilizer the way it promotes growth and all. But other people say Ooo is like a magic beanstalk because it grows with your company and is also magically affordable. And there's some people who would even say oos individual software programs come together to build the perfect suite like building blocks. Well, oo is all of these things. Fertilizer magic Beanstalk building blocks for business. So sign up now@oo.com od oh.com.


Have you guys ever been in a friend zone that you wanted to get out of? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Did you get out of it? Yeah. Nah, I'm still in the friend zone right now. Oh, she got workplace start. Not bad. I took them to the good part so he ain't really see the the trenched out part. I done been to the trenches. Who took you to the trenches industry? I done did not Outside of trenches. I done had shows everywhere. I'm pretty sure I don been everywhere out there. I done been to your trenches though, right? Yeah. Facts. They was just valid. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Back in the day for sure. What's going On guys? Now Simone here with another episode of We Need To Talk Today. I have two very special guests in the building. We have Jaqui and Dee.


Yeah. Yo. Yo, what's up? I'm so happy to have you guys here at the same time. I feel like somebody should pinch me. It feels too good to be true. That's hard, right? How are you guys? Good. Great. I'm feeling good. Feeling good? Yep. Great. I, I know we got fucking A Friend Zone Two out now. It's been a minute since you guys did this tape. What made you guys wanna come back together and give us another one? Well, we had to Emini here. It is been a long time, you know what I'm saying? Since we dropped the first one, we dropped the first one in 2017 and the fans wanted it, you know, we wanted to do it too. Also, you know, we've been creating music throughout the years and this was just like perfect timing.


You know what I'm saying? We found the perfect gap to put it out. And so we found a perfect opportunity also. And then everything just lined up. You know, everything just started lining up. After one by one we started working In the studio and we had a couple records, but the records got better and better and we just like, man, we gotta keep working, working, work. The old with the new. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And it just became what it is. And you know, we got an official date and it's lit. I love it. Now how did you guys reconnect In the studio? Was it like you were sitting on old songs, it was like, these need to be out? Or was it just like the demand of the fans? Like he said, we've been working throughout the years, so it was never a disconnect. Well it was a little bit of a disconnect, but you know, a lot of life has happened for the both of you guys in the time span.


Yeah, that's long time. Like 2017. Yeah. So yeah, like we just took the records that we had already done, like from those days, like from 20, do we have 2017 records? Like we got now these a lot of 19. You got 19 we got. Yeah, it's like all through. Oh, so it's okay. We got one from Yeah, like Questions is like the one I feel like that popped it off where we was like, oh yeah, we doing the part two. Yeah. Facts. That was like 2019 In Atlanta. So yeah, we was out there and you know, like I say, we just always had that connection with the music. Like, okay, we gotta put this out at some point maybe. And the fans, they want it. They're like the people who demanded it. So I don't know facts, how to make it happen.


I'm here for it. How has or has the chemistry changed at all in recording process and styles? Since you guys, you know, first did It? Nah, it's the same. Really? Yeah, it's the same. It is the same energy. Like as far as the energy, you know, the conversation is more mature, but as far as the energy that's put into creating the songs, it's, it's the same. You know, The vibes. The vibes change a little bit. You don't drink. Oh yeah. Well that's the difference. Like I don't be In the studio lit. I used to be Turn to Be. I think that's a little, you know, that's good. You know, I still drink, but is he less fun? She told me that before. Right. I'm like trying to, you know, I respect it. 'cause he used to be crazy.


So I say the music, you know, it's still hit for, you know, I, I, I respect the work ethic and how he just like cleaned it up, you know, a lot. Like he's gotten better make me wanna step it up and stop drinking or you know, work on my vocals more. 'cause he's like serious and like more serious now. I know, I've noticed than he was then. Like he was like thought he was the man then. But it's like, I see like who you wanted to be then. So it's like, oh he, he's him now. So, you know, I appreciate that little Something that's actually what's up. Honestly. That's real growth. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. What would you guys say is the biggest difference between one and two? Age?


Yeah, just maturity and the music. Maturity. Yeah. Yeah, the content. Just like, you know, I feel like it was a little, you know, that cush, you know. Yeah. I being like, you know, And this is kind of like a, like a deeper standpoint. Like You go to a different level in the friend zone. Like we are not at the level we was at then, you know? Right. It's kind of like a step up, not Us typically. Yeah. Like, You know, in the music it's like a step up. So if you listen to part one it'll be like, it's kinda like a movie. Yeah. Like when you got your favorite characters in the movie and it's like, oh I could tell on this when they grew up. Okay. Like, you know what I'm saying? It is like, I Think people always wanna see the all grown up versions of things that they had in their childhood. We got a lot of people who's made babies off this, the first one and all that.


So for real. Yeah. Facts. We competing with a lot. I want people to show me they fuck a friend zone. Babies like they pee. They be telling me like, man, you don't, it is like so many stories behind the album, the mix tape, shall I say? Yeah. So in conclusion to this tape, is it really fuck the friend zone? Is it like, you know what we hear we in this? Or is it, or are we keeping it in the friend zone? The Conclusion of the project? I'm trying to think. It's how I end. 'cause it, it is like, I feel like I gonna have that curiosity. Yeah. I think that's what it is. It is like it's still gonna leave you with a question mark. Oh Man. Okay. You never just show your full, you know, I don't know You, it just don't leave you up in there.


That's, And that's life. So you know, you just keep it there so you can continue going and keep it, you know, friend zone three, like I think it can just keep going and getting like, you know, it may come to an end where, you know, the title may change, but nah, I think it's, you know, yeah, I'll take a trilogy. I will, I I would, I would love a trilogy. Just a three I I close it off a three pack. This one definitely stepped it up a little Bit. Yeah. It's super hard. I love this One. Who did you guys work with In the studio? Producer wise, We worked with a lot of the same producers, but Nash B Of course gotta have him.


Kari Carpenter, West Side Ka from Detroit. I rock IRS. Yeah. A lot of the guys. Oh, he made music with Ger. Yeah. West Side. Yeah. Kari made that some boy Classic. Classic OG Parker. Oh Nice. I gotta say music major. Couple more the guys. I can't remember everybody at the time. Did you guys go back and forth between Detroit and Atlanta in producing this? No, we did a lot of these records in Atlanta, LA and Miami. Pretty much. Yeah. Started in Atlanta, you know, but Yep. I feel like Atlanta and Miami are definitely very fucking friend zone type of cities too. You say Atlanta and Miami? Yeah. Oh yeah, for sure. Those cities just for sure like ring real off that energy.


Our last video was shot in Miami and Atlanta. Exactly. Yeah. That's our territory though. Like, you know, that's who, that makes a lot of sense. I can't, I brought him to Detroit for the, to shoot the cover, you know, that's Oh facts the most. He's came to my stumping grounds. Yeah. How was that? It was dope. It was, I just thought it was dope to do it out there anyway. Just because she from there and it's just like, it's something different than the A, you know what I'm saying? It's like a way to connect out there. So I thought it was super Dope And I took him to the good part. So he didn't really see the, the trenched out part. I done been to the trenches. Who took you to the trenches? And I done been outside of the trenches. I done had shows everywhere. I'm pretty sure I done been everywhere. I Done been to your trenches though, right?


Yeah. Facts. They just valid. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. Back in the day. For sure. For sure. Super valid. Speaking of Detroit, I actually just had ice wear il on and we were talking about how like hip hop sound is heavily shaped by Detroit, but it's just not really talked about. How do you feel about that? Do you agree with that or like, does it bother you at all? It, you know, it doesn't bother me. Emini here. I, it is, we, we all now, like everybody's in the mix. You know, everybody's on deck now. Like so they see it, you know, it took us a while to get here and just kind of stamp our song and show people.


This was us the whole time. But you know, even with my song, like a lot of people, you know, they ran with it and milked it out and shit. So I was bothered at first, but now I'm good. You know, you live, you learn, you recognize you're great and then you know, people gonna copy, you know? So shout out to my city. Like we, we definitely deserve our flowers in all that we do from the fashion, the music, the food. Yeah. Yeah. Detroit. No, I'm gonna give you your flowers 'cause you were definitely one of the first like, that's why I'm like, oh my God, sorry. Please pinch me. I have both you guys here. Appreciate Chad and just, especially as a woman, like you breaking through with major for the female rap movement, like in general.


But then on top of that, being from Detroit, I didn't even really think, but that's kind of crazy. Yeah. Hmm. Definitely kind of, you know, popped it off a little bit, but, you know, opened the door for everybody else. How, how were you able to break through, especially at a time when Detroit wasn't even like this lit you said? Say that again. How were you able to break through being from Detroit, even though Detroit wasn't even like this on right now? Just having that mentality. Like, just how you say, like just knowing, you know, like we kind of got like this, not arrogant, but we kinda know who we are. Like we know we was gonna make it once somebody seen us or that's the mentality I always kept.


Like if somebody hear this, somebody see this, you know, it's gonna go where it need to go. So I think everybody kind of has that, you know, whenever we was gonna get in the door, like somebody they was gonna, you know, see a lot of us come through. So yeah. So it wasn't really a matter of if it was just like when like yeah, it was just when for me, like, you know, like that's, that's how I always felt like it's gonna happen. And talk to me about like, I guess being okay with imitation being a form of flattery. 'cause even I myself would be like, I pee it And I don't love it, but I know I should be flattered.


How did you I guess accept that? Just at nature? I'm just like, you know, I'm, I got a good heart so I just don't take things to the, you know, extreme. I feel like I, you know, even if I'm talking amongst my people or they're talking to me and just, you know, some people just was feeding me different stuff. You see it online so you get, you know, that kind of influences and trigger certain things, but it's like, do I really care about this? Do I, do I really, you know, And I, you know, it took time 'cause it's like you don't understand it sometimes. Like, wait, why are you, you wanna be, you know, I just don't get it. But now, you know, I hit it. I didn't get it at first.


It was like, 'cause I personally don't, you know, I'm inspired by things and you know, all things, but it's like, I don't just go and just copy and paste, you know? So I, it was tough, but you know, but the good thing about you is like, you are already the bar. So you just gotta, yeah. You just gotta find more, you know, find more things for people to copy and just keep doing, you know, keep being who you are. You know what I'm saying? It is really so natural that it's hard to even care. It's like, eh, so yeah, understand, stay in your lane and just keep doing you for real and nobody's gonna miss you. Like, you know, in that sense.


Like, they gonna see, they gonna know who's the real or what happens. I definitely love when you and Larry collab for several reasons. I think the Detroit sound compliments the Bay. That's my other twin. Huh? I said that's my other twin. That is, that really is your other twin? Is that that song that they just played? Yeah, it was. Oh, okay. Yeah. Yo, they just got work husbands, you, one of them is got another policy. She got, she got work Faces don't, don't start that plenty. It it work. You're the original work husband. But then she, she got married now too. Which I'm a fan of both.


Like, you know, we supposed to make an album too for a mixtape. Like we was working on some stuff. We got some stuff in the Tuck, so, okay. Hopefully we, you know, get that going work. Husband is crazy. It is, it is. Different energy though with y'all is like not toxic. It's just more like sensual. We're with the other one. It is like sensual with a little more peace. Platonic friendship. Yeah. I'm, I'm not talking about in real life. I'm talking about music. Okay. My, you you had me going. No, I, no, I know. I don't want no problem. I don't wanna get him in trouble. I like the situation you got going on. She seems like a great person. Yeah, Everything's Great. Every, yeah, everything is everything. I don't want no smoke, but, but I will say, y'all know, online people will always be talking about y'all and how cute y'all are and stuff like that.


Of course. What, what is going on? Why couldn't Deandra come to the video shoot? You said why? Yeah. Emini here. I don't know why. Oh my God, you won't do this to much. I, I, I don't, I don't know why Emini here It is work. You know, in work environments it have to be a work a Workspace. Are you in a relationship currently? No. I just got up a four year. Oh Yeah. But that's what I think though, like, workspace have to feel like workspace. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like sometimes when you working and you know, you got people there that you're in relationships with, the different things like that. Sometimes it could just naturally throw the energy off. You know? That's what I naturally think. Like, especially when you gotta work so close with someone, you know what I'm saying?


It's like naturally you might not try to wear your emotion on your face. Not saying she does or anything like that. But that could happen. You know what I'm saying? A person could do that. I remember working with females back in the day and they do to be In the studio And I come in there And I automatically tell my partners like, Hey bro, how they, they do feel in some type of way I could tell you, feel me? And it'll just ship the room. You know what I'm saying? So, you know, I think to just make this the greatest that we wanted to be and the greatest that the fans deserve. I just think all the energy should just be put towards this, you know, a time and place for everything. Like, I think, I think things should be separated, you know what I'm saying? Certain things. Yeah. Time and place. I I get that. 'cause it takes like it's all energy.


Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Everything is energy. Especially when you really, when you really writing your music and you really like, you know what I'm saying? It is like you have to really get into a world where you could create that. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You just gotta keep that chemistry. Yeah. On and off camera. Like which natural. That's the thing too. It's so real. It's like you might feel like, oh wait a minute, you know, that's my man. Which I get. But you know, we just working. Yeah. Trying to, you know, trying to Be great. Trying to be great. Make a way for the film man. Y'all are great.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to Fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


You know when The World gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the Daily Grind. Emini here it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world-class audio system to just transport you to a better headspace. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah. Massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bows and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart in standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh Wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to well, Mm. I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple And I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. Emini here. I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home. But scheduling's always a nightmare. Not with blinds.com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Ooh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over. blind.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


But what was about to be your follow up question? She said you in a relationship. Yeah. 'cause I was saying like, you know, would you allow your partner to just be with you at work on, you know, every day or Oh, every day? No, but sometimes cool like yeah, sometimes. Sometimes it's cool. That's why it's the time and the place. Yeah. Same things it require, but then it's like, you know, that's, you know, that's all I was gonna ask. Okay. No, I'm with it. I'm with it. I'm with you guys. Was there any records in this recording process that you guys were like surprised that y'all came over? Like, oh, this, this actually some shit. Like, like what You mean like a record that's like damn, like how we do that? Yeah. Like y'all are surprised like on how good it was.


I think I think just another love song was like a creep up like classic. Like, like wow. Like we had got back In the studio in Miami and we was planning to finish our project And I had my boy K major down there with us. I had Nash B with us. She had her people with her. You know, we had our teams with us. Shout out Young Rock. Yeah. Shout out to Young Rock. You know what Emini here, that's one of her guys. And we just got in there, you know, doing what we doing and just another, the love song came about and you know, I love that song. I think that's probably my favorite song on the project. And it's just a classic, you know what I'm saying? It's just a classic game. And I think that's a song we made. I was just like, dang, like this feel like the icing on the cake to what we got. Like this feel like what we need. Like, 'cause without that record it's like the project would've still been great.


But you know, when you creating an album, everything kind of go together. Yeah. That's why the order important. You know what I'm saying? For the songs. 'cause the song could be outta order and then they might throw the whole album off. But this right here was just like perfect. The first three we did in Miami on the album. The first three track. Yeah. Like just another last song. Favorite one Backdoor. All those records we did like right up, right up in there. So it was special and it's just super dope. And like I say, it was all about energy. You know what I'm saying? We came to the studio literally in the same outfit, didn't even plan it. You know what I'm saying? Like literally Aaron was gonna wear the same shoes I had on some timms when I came in. There was like, I thought about wearing the Timms. I was like, this is crazy. No, that is crazy. You know what I'm saying? Wait, what did Y'all signs Aries?


I knew that both Aries Emini here. Oh hell no. That is crazy. Yeah. So it just be the vibes and, and, and once we feel that type of vibe, it's in, it is easy to make the music. You know what I'm saying? It's easy because it's familiar. Like man, oh boom. Ooh. It's like just easy. You know? We could easily go to that world where we know how to create like this even Down to not even having other writers and stuff like we open, but we, you know, we got it. 'cause we, it's so like I'm talking to you like It's dope. It's just like, it is like conversation. Yeah. And it is just so, so many ways you can go with it. You know what I'm saying? Because our whole time of creating just always been something to make people just guess when you listen to the music. Like, Like what's happening. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


But that's how good it is. You know what I'm saying? Like, that's how you want her to be. That's like, if your favorite actor is acting in some moves, you like, wait, they play that part too good. Like, wait, what the fuck going on? You know what I'm, that's what it's supposed. That's how I feel about us. You know? I feel like it's like too good. It's too, it's so good. Like it just be like what? It's Good not to be true. Yeah, exactly. It's like, wait, how the fuck? 'cause it's so good. And this one honestly is better than the first one. Really? You feel me? Yeah. It's like, oh yeah, it's better than the first one. You feel me? It's like, it always get better. You feel me? It is like this, this better. You feel me? It's better. The first one was great too. It was so great. It was this one great too though. I'm not even lying to you. 'cause it's like, it just flow. It's like if you, if we go in in order, like if we was playing the first one, then we play this, it'll be perfect.


Like it, it won't go down. It'll go up. You Feel? That's how I feel about a favorite one. Like that's, that's number two on the album. Like, that's one of the ones to answer that question. Like, Emini here, we do it all the time though. Like the more we make a hit, I be like, I wanna make another one. Like, we can be, we can, we can go. She don't like to stop recording. We had get album. We would've still been recording this album. It'd Be like, we can go bigger. Like, And I, I, I honestly feel like fuck a friend zone isn't just our ceiling of music we can make, we just only use this type of content and you know. But I feel like we can go beyond a lot of this, but, well, where are you trying to take it? Emini here. I'm saying the music, you Know, as far as conversation topics.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like gospel, like we can get in there. Like it's a music connection. It's like the type of, you know, we, we kind of think the same in some ways. You know, we kind of, you know, Real talk. It's easy. It's like, it's, yeah. That's all it is. It Is like when it's easy to create like this, you know, it's special. Yeah. Like when it's easy, it just like make it feel like money. You feel like we can get something out of it. I love that for both of y'all actually. Like, I, I like the chemistry you guys have together. I always liked it on the music, but seeing you guys in person and hearing y'all talk about it, it's like, ah, it makes sense. I, I see it. See they gotta see it to believe. Yeah. Real top. But, okay. So when it came to doing the track list together, you guys are saying that this project is made to be played in order?


Yeah, I think so. Like once you gotta play in order the first time. Okay. You know what I'm saying? For sure. And it ain't no reason for you to skip around 'cause there ain't no features. So it ain't nothing you gonna read on the back. And I wanna hear this on him. Right, right, Right. Now when it is, when you take your list and you pick your favorites. Yeah. Then you can skip can tell people like, let in order, Then you could float. But if you, if I had to tell somebody or we had to tell somebody to play it, I would tell em, Hey, let it ride the first time, then go Do it. But it's definitely a, a one of them rides like, yeah, just let it ride. It's just music. Was it difficult to like put in order? Like was it like, nah, I gotta be like this, this, this. Because you got No, every time we made a song, I was just like, you know, we was moving the order. Like boom, we'll make a song. Be like, okay, this sound good right here.


Boom. But we didn't change it after like a while. It was like, it, it stuck for like even Miami songs Facts. 'cause I was gonna say, even when we would play the songs, we don't know which one next. Just off Script. We really added the Miami songs. The first top three. The other ones had been, we been had. Yeah. And we needed them though. We did, we had, we, we still got other records in the Tuck that didn't make it. But you know. Oh yeah. We got so many songs that didn't make it. That's hard. So what are we doing? What? Emini Here. We'll find a way to put 'em out. You know what I'm saying? 'cause we getting ready to go on tour too, so I know. I honestly love that. Yeah. I wish the tour was on Valentine's Day. I'm not gonna lie. That Would've been crazy. No, I would be front fucking row With your, with your four year dude.


No. Why? See, why, why you wanna play it? Because You just was so lit for Valentine's Day. I'm like, well who you gonna go with? Don't worry about me. Okay. See what I'm saying? You gonna do that to me though? You can't tell me though What you mean. All right. I'll tell you off camera that your shit is public, not mine. There you go. See what I'm saying? Look, see how he Kate. All right. Oh my gosh. Okay. So I, And I just would like to say, Well, for buddy who's in a foer Brazo with Man, yo, this guy hates me. Yo. It's over. This guy hates me. Okay, so if you guys had to describe fuck a friend zone in one word, what's the one word?


What would, one word would be your version of one. Like what would, you know? Just gimme an example. Spicy, sensual. Toxic. I would say a little toxic. A little toxic. And sensual. My word is platonic. That's the word of it. They said I'm standing on business. Okay. Yeah, The music is there for sure. Okay. I am very, you know, platonic. It's cute. It's cute. You know, it's, it's friends. That's my word. Friends. Friendship. That was a nice word. Cute. I, I rarely say cute. I call my son Cute sometimes. Yeah.


Men hate the word cute. I don like, but she'll be cute. Shit do be Cute. Emini here girls say it. But you feel me, I just literally start saying like, oh man, I had to like, Yeah, that cute is not an insult. Nah. Or man, Just say it though. I Feel you. That's why I was just like, oh man, my son is so cute. Da da da. He's so handsome. Yeah. That's Some baby. I was Like, yeah, Just when baby. That's the only time men can use the word cute. Yeah. I guess you know then, but then we gonna throw the little, oh no. Little bird handsome. Right behind it because you know What? See we gotta unpack this masculine Emini here. That's just real. It just don't even sound like rolling off the lip a little bit. Yeah. You play me. Yo. What? Cute. Do you say Cute?


You feel me? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's a part of just masculine energy. I guess I'll leave it at that. Have you guys ever been in a friend zone that you wanted to get out of? Of course. Yeah. Yeah. Hey, we are working Like, oh yeah, I have. Yeah. Did you get out of it? You don't gotta go into details. I'm just, yeah. Nah, I'm still in the friend zone right now. Oh. How's she get out of it? How it's kept working? Surprising consistency. Yeah. It's when I was younger. Okay. And Dade, you said you're still in it? Kind of, but you know, it's, it's circumstantial so it's kind of like, you know, okay.


I can't fight that. But yeah. Are you gonna send the tape and be like number two, number three, thate. They gonna hear, They Go, they gonna hear one through 15, 16. Oh, 16. 16. Little error. It's a 16 track project. Yeah. And y'all got more And we dropping a deluxe. They gonna be surprised with their looks. It's crazy. Yeah. Have you ever been in a friend zone? I feel like that's like the story of my life actually. For real? Yeah. Is it a reason why? Wait, who? I think because yo, this nigga, I think I give like a girl next door vibes.


So I think it's like, I think I give girl next door vibes And I think like people will respect me. So because of that, they don't want to necessarily, You be wanting them to like cross that fucking line. I be wanting them to step over it. That's what You gotta push up. Why? I gotta push up. I'm a lady. I don't Wanna do that. Nah, you gotta go look in the mirror and push up. That shit gonna work. That's not how it's supposed to go though. It Can though. Men like women that'll push up Women in the friend zone, like it sound like. But A woman can't automatically get out Of it. So anybody can be in a friend zone. Like you can get out. I'm root to you much Emini here. Money make 'em, you know. But it's a big fight. I'm root for you. Like if not you pushing me to like, I don't wanna take on masculine energy, then that story just not even fly.


'cause like say it worked out, then it's like, yeah, your mom came and did like, nah. Like no, I wanna be pursued. And I think like, Like heavy. Yeah. I wanna be pursued. I feel like this generation of men just be getting away with too much shit. Like, nah, work for this. Yeah. Yeah. When it can be chasing men, like it's, I feel that it's cute once again for men to do, to do like, you know, not cute. I ain't gonna say to be in a friend zone, but it's more, you know, prominent with you guys. Like, okay, he's gonna, you know, try to chase. I'm not A one with friends, but just hearing you guys speak on it is really dope. How many times you been playing in a friend zone? Sh my whole life. Oh God. My whole life is like, what? No, I'm saying, I was saying, but Do you guys go after women that you like shouldn't have?


Or like, what is it Emini here? Will I have a friend zone? I think, I think a lot of guys, like, we might start off in the friend zone, but then we eventually, like she say, we eventually going to get the prize. Eventually. Yeah. Eventually. Because guys gonna stay, keep at it. See, I, his thing is consistency. That's say, that's why I saying it's cute for guys. Like they'll chase and Chase and Chase. Yeah. But a woman just constantly on your body for years. A woman finally gives in. Oh, you saying like chasing, I thought you meant like Not chasing, but it's like not chasing, just Basically like showing you, like seeing what's going Well. You might have been trying it for years. Just trying to see, I think timing maybe. Has a woman ever put themselves out there to you and like, like you was with it, you put her in a friend zone?


What you mean? Like, if a woman ever approached me like, Hey, this is what I wanna do. And I'm like, Hey, no, like turn her down Essentially. Yeah. I'm not gonna say this is what you wanna do, but she just put it out there like, we're friends, but I wanna be more than friends. Have you, have you ever been in that predicament? Oh, Of course. Oh, not Of course I'm ku. Oh my. But Like, you feel me? It's like, it is. I'm ku so it is like, And were you into it? Nah, Emini here. You gotta think like, even growing up, like sometimes even when you grow up with, with females and stuff like that, if y'all grew up together, sometimes like when y'all get a certain age, they try to turn the corner. You feel me? Like that's another part of life growing up. You know what I'm saying? Like, and you have to be like, nah, I don't look at you like that.


You feel me? That's the first turn though. Yo, kill me. Somebody do that to him. But I'm saying, but it might be like, it might be like they did, there's some more years come and it's like, wait, you know what I'm saying? Oh, then you wanna spend the block. Sometimes it be like that. You feel me? I've seen it happen. Insanity. I've seen it happen. Like, wait, hold on, wait, I know you since kindergarten. Nah, that's weird. Watch out. And then they get in college and stuff like that. And then it's a whole different story. Watch out. It's crazy. See, this is why I'm saying my black as write the fuck over here. Ain't no like what? Oh my God. Okay. If you guys were able to do a visual album or short film on this project, what would the storyline be? Because Lowkey, if, if we were gonna have like a modern day black movie like romcom, like a Love Jones or a Loving Basketball, I could like, Oh, this is that for sure.


The story is Here, We gonna do something like that. 'cause it just make, it's, it is like, it's dope. I always think about that when I listen to the songs and stuff. I always be like, man, this would be like, 'cause you could vision it. Mm. You know, it's like a visionary project. You could just like see it and create your own movie. They, it always put me in the, in the, in the mind of like loving and basketball and all that type. And the videos make it like that. We've been, you know, making videos. We had no videos to the last album. Facts wasn't to the song at the club. So yeah, that was the only video we three videos in now on this album. Yeah. And we got another video shoot tomorrow. Oh. Oh. Did you guys think that at the club was gonna be as big as it was? Yeah, I knew it. See That was another, that was one of them. That's the one of them you were talking about.


Like, I can't believe we made this. I can't believe we made that record. But I, I knew it was gonna be big after, after we recorded it. I remember being with my homeboy leaving the studio like early morning, late night, whatever we left. And I just remember him like cu this the one, he was just like this. I'll never forget how he said it, like cu this, the one like, we had them record music. Like I had been working and doing stuff. He like, cu this is it. And it was really that like it was one of the records, like I like, I can't believe we made this. I can't believe this ain't no sample or nothing. Like I can't believe nobody wants to like, like take it and just, you know. Yeah. Like, you know, like even the labels, 'cause I was signed at the time, like they wasn't really rocking with me doing the mix tape. Yeah.


And it was just, I ain't gonna say they wasn't, let me not say that. But it was just like, you know, other things that I hadn't even put out my debut album. So it was like, focus on you more. So maybe, I don't know. But I was just like, like I said, I like creating and it sounded good and I'm just like this one of them. And I, I don't know why y'all sleeping, who playing, but this is it. And it still goes. And what Ari, like a lot of his beats, he make hits man. Like every beat he send is a hit. So it's up to the artist to do the job. I think I know facts. He got that song. So I love that record. I do it every Thursday and have a RB night out here too. You play it all the time. Oh for sure. Like that record always gets burned. It's, it's damn near perfect.


So appreciate that. Yeah man. I'm excited to hear the tape. It's crazy. That's gonna be good.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to Fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


You know when The World gets a little crazy and everything is moving too fast, don't you just wish you could get away from all of it for a while? Well that's exactly what the all new 2025 Nissan Murano can do for you. And to be clear, you don't even have to go anywhere. The Murano is the getaway. It was designed from the ground up to be a refuge from the Daily Grind. Emini here it has a Bose premium sound system, which can play your favorite most relaxing music. And there's nothing like a world class audio system to just transport you to a better head space. Then there's the Murano's massaging, leather appointed seats. Yeah, massaging seats. Talk about melting away your stress. So could getting stuck in traffic become your happy place? I don't know. It sounds like it could in the all new Murano. You should probably check one out for yourself. You gotta drive the all new 2025 Nissan Murano today. Bose and massaging leather appointed seats are optional features.


This is Nikki Glaser from the Nikki Glaser podcast. On a more serious note, I'm still thinking about that commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg hating on each other. 'cause when you listen to the reasons for hating someone or something, you realize just how stupid they really are. There is too much hate in this country and it's gotta stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Hi, this is Debbie your blinds.com design consultant. Oh wow. A real person. Yep. I'm here to help you with everything from selecting the perfect window treatments to, I've got a complicated project. No problem. We make the complex simple And I can even help schedule a professional measure and install. I didn't realize you did that. Yeah. We can also send you samples fast and free. Wow. Emini here. I always thought I needed a designer to come to my home, but scheduling's always a nightmare. Not With blinds.com We're on your schedule and there's no haggling, no pressure, no hidden fees either. Hmm. I just might have to do more. Oh, Okay. Whatever you need. How about you tell me what you had in mind. Okay then. So the first room we're looking at is for guests coming Over@blind.com is covered over 25 million windows all backed by a 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blind.com now and get up to 40% off with minimum purchase rules and restrictions may apply.


Now we always play this game. Questions that need answers. You played it last time J but I got new questions this time so you could still participate. I Answer him off camera. Huh? I'm Just playing. No, I'm just fucking with you. I'm just playing Man. I promise you I'm not gonna get you in trouble. You can't. I ain't did nothing Playing with you. Alright. The craziest thing. Oh, this is it. Good. The craziest thing that has happened to me on tour had to be the time when I took an edible And I had to go to the hospital. No, I tried trying to be grown, you know, I was grown but I wasn't, my lungs weren't, yeah, I hadn't, I wasn't a smoker.


So yeah, it was just a bad night. Nicki Minaj tour 2015. That was, I was on that tour and we was in Cali. We was in like, like North Cali, like, I don't know, like, but yeah. So were you supposed to perform? No, I was done. It was okay. I was going to watch, like I was, I had performed, thank God. Okay, good. Because I went on first on that tour actually. So it was like, no, I was done. I was trying, I was going to watch Nick and got stuck, Try to be lit, Music banging, you know, it's her set. So it's boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And that mixture mixed with that was like, oh. And I just, I went to another world. Are you done with edibles or have Oh yeah.


I haven't had one since. No. Yeah, that was my first And I, my, well, my first trip I guess. But that was my last one. Okay. We just got lightened dosage, that's all like this. Yeah. I like flour. I don't do edibles though. Like two heavy two. I need to control my eyes and lows. Okay. Okay. Just, just a recommendation. Fuck with the mints. They're mad light. They're light with their edible. I'm not doing them. No. All right. All right. Tour stories. It probably was like the, I think that was the mood tour we was in. I think it was in Cali. We wasn't Cali, my boy DC.


We was performing like, baby, that's a record I had early on. It was the last show of the set and Emini here. It was the last song of the set. And we was up there. I used to bring all the, the whole FYB on the stage at the end. We was performing a record And I tried to put my arm around him. I remember this, you know what I'm saying? And when I tried to put my arm around him, he like kind of came back and the microphone went into my mouth and messed broke my teeth, you know what I'm saying? And my teeth was chipped, you know what I'm saying? And I had a mouth full of blood. I remember just running off stage, running to the back, had my cameraman. I remember just smiling And I remember doing the meet and greet and I was just having my mouth like this during the meet and greet. And I would ask the fans like, how long you been a fan? If there was a day one fan, I would just show 'em my mouth because I knew it wasn't gonna change nothing.


But if there was a new fan I would be like, oh nah. Like, you know, woo. You feel me? Keep it moving. But then I, I went to the dentist the same night, so that was cool. I had BET the next day. But that was like the craziest twist story. Now that's insanity. Show fans of Bloody Mouth is crazy. Top seven. Oh my God. No, honestly, Emini here. I tell you this all the time, but like, I've watched this shit from the beginning. I remember I had a friend book you for her Sweet 16. This is like, like when you were just on YouTube. Yeah. Like book you in Maryland. You was there. I wasn't there. But then when I saw you was there, I was mad. I wasn't there. Yeah. So I'm like, damn, I, I, yeah.


I really missed out. But Mood tour. Yeah. I, Hey man, I've watched it all. It's cool. Yeah, for sure. Okay. 10 years from now, I want my legacy to be I continuing on and on period. I would say that, yeah, I would say the same Man. I knew you about to Do that, but in 10 years I want, yeah, I was gonna say in 10 years I want them to know like, okay, he is what he say he is, you know, in the next 10 years it should be like no more arguments. And what is what he say he Is? You know, there's no explanation. They gonna already know what I'm talking about. I won't even have to explain, Man. I get killed every time I say that shit. Anytime. Anytime I chip in you, I get killed.


Emini here. That's how it goes sometimes. They don't want you to root for the champion. All right. Just know I'm getting lashes out here. That's, see that's how that's, he was, when I first started working, nobody understood. Like, I'm like, I, You know, how you going? You gonna tell stories about them wounds. Like, well this one was they gonna be asking you about them. The hardest lesson I learned about fame is I got fame kills tatted on me when I was young. Like even before I got in the game. It is, it's a, it is, it's a drug. It's a disease. Mm. Yeah. If you let it Be. Yeah. Not for me. But you said like what I learned about it, Fame is what you making.


Yeah. That's what I like. You could fame is what you making. Like I, I prayed to be famous And I prayed to like the Lord. I prayed. I can't go in the stores. You know what I'm saying? Like I You did. Yeah. I prayed for that. Like I wanna be huge. Mm. You feel me? Like Come at that mentality, You know what I'm saying? So it's like you just famous what you making, but you can't pray for that stuff and then let it take over who you are. Fame ain't no. That's my answer. Mm. Fame is cool when you wanted. I just like people for who they is rather you famous or not. That's just me. Right. Me too though. But I think fame is a part of like, like if I'm cool, like days we cool in real life, but then she's also famous. But her fame part is also cool too.


I respect it. Like I, you know, it's like everybody's famous nowadays. So it's like that's, that's the, that's the thing that is a fact. Like everybody and that's what I always envision for The World too. Like coming from, from like everybody, I want everybody to shine and be not famous, but just have money. Like you know, or just be of wealth and just, you know, fame, I'm fame is one thing. 'cause you can be famous and broken and lost and all of these things. So that's okay. It's people who going through so many things and they're famous and they wish not to be famous. 'cause sometimes you don't wanna be seen when you're not your best or you're not on top of The World. Right. So it's a gift and a curse. Right. That's the answer. That Was a great answer. Yeah. Thank you.


I've been working on my little, you know, I ain't did no interviews in years. I know. I'm so happy you're back outside. Emini here. You've been outside but now you really outside and we hope you stay outside. Yeah, we going on the road Emini here. Even without you sir. I'm saying I know for Sure she not gonna have a choice. It's gonna be so, it's gonna be much. I also dropped an album in October. I gotta make sure y'all check it out too. Okay. Emini here. New, new music coming too, you know. But we still pushing singles off of that joint too. But shout out to Cash Dial. We did that. Ladies lie. Your man at home got the video coming soon. I'm screaming. I feel that.


But yeah man. Ladies leave your man at home. Yeah. It's giving D Lee your ladies at home too, too. All of that. Sure. She was setting a set fucking friend zone too, with this. Clearly I could, I could dig it. Blank Is one movie I can watch with the sound off Kirkland. Really? I know I already, you know, I know it. I feel like I can, I can watch any mo Oh, any movie. But go ahead. I used to watch the TV on mute but I can, I can watch pretty much. Yeah. Anything without But like your favorite. Like you because you already know it. Oh the Wood. The Wood, yeah. That's my favorite Movie. That's a good one.


Yeah. And you're just still ler. Yeah. Are you here for this Luther Resurgence? I gotta go watch the Luther documentary Heard. Really? Yeah. I gotta watch it. Shout out To Luther. Outside of making music Blank is my favorite hobby Outside of making music right now. Spending time with my son. Oh, that's cute. Yeah, I love him. He's like lit. I think that would be my favorite hobby. He's like lit. Yeah. Mine is just probably like, I don't know, writing music, like preparing, I don't know, music outside of that.


My favorite album of all time is, Ooh, my favorite album of all time. My favorite album. I Don't have one. Probably my mood album's probably my favorite album of all time. My mood project. Wow. You feel like you haven't taught it yet? Nah, Emini here it is my favorite. Oh, okay, Okay. You know what I'm saying? It's like it is my favorite Emini here. All my projects are like faves, but that's like one of my personal favorites because of the time and the moment and just everything. I just can remember that whole time. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Nah, mood was Yeah. A great era. What? Yeah. Mood two on the way. I had to pull up the The track list.


Yeah. Set it off. Hot Girl Tracks. That was one of them. Hot Girl was my shit. What's else is on here? You got what bounce on there. Come through. Bounce was crazy. B on There? Yeah, BED. That shit was like thriller, you feel me? Like you gotta keep it a honey. This, this Wasn't a nasty ep. I can't front That was a mix tape, right? That's Like that was at state. That Shit's free. I took BED off of there and put it on my debut. 42 7 5. Most Of the free shit be the hardest shit. They really do. I don't know what that means Because we was trying to make it. Damn. I actually really fuck with Know You too. Oh man, I freestyle that song.


That's Why a lot of people get on and they be like, why y'all, why y'all sound changed? Because they're thinking too much. But yeah. What, what is the difference you think Emini here? I still feel like I got that flavor. You know what I'm saying? It is like, the difference now is like, you know when you make certain broad statements like me, people find a reason to hate you. That's all. I make great music. You know what I'm saying? It's like, it's deeper than the music with me. You know what I'm saying? People wanna break my confidence, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I bet if I walked around with my head down, they'll fit. They'll try to pick me up. You know what I'm saying? But it's like they not gonna catch me with my head down. So it's deeper than music with me. You know what I'm saying? I make great music. I got that vibe. You know what I'm saying? That was just when everybody loved me. Yeah. You know? So it was just Errors and times too, you know? Yeah. Peoples relating to the music, you know?


Yeah. Connecting in that time. I think They love me again right now though. I ain't gonna cap. I'm feeling real love. Good. Yeah. I think I'm back. I love that. Yeah. I think I'm, I think I'm back. So I can't stand this guy. Dude, I'm back. Yo. Not gonna lie on the thriller tip. This t-shirt and panties was crazy. I'm like replaying that moment in time. Yeah, that's What it do. Yeah. Come through is good too. Classic come through IRP Richon. Yes. Classic. What? And then that was followed by, since you playing Mood was followed by fucking Friend Zone, wasn't it? Fucking Friend Zone.


Yep. Then since you playing then the first, Oh, it was since you playing then Fucking Friend Zone. It was since you playing before fucking Friend Zone, Was it? Nah. Since you plan was after that. Oh, since you plan was after. Okay. Yeah, it was, it was, I think I was 22. No, where You get that title from Since you playing? Yeah. Oh my God. I always wanted to know. Yeah, It was, it was real because that was like, it was real was story. It was just like si three, like you Got And I was, It was like, since you playing, 'cause you feel me, I think we was supposed to do fucking Friend Zone or something was going on, so it was, and Dage was really like on some bullshit. You de Wasn't playing Album. Oh my God. Dage used to be playing. Oh, shows everything.


Like, don't make me go Not, don't make me go there since you playing. But it was like, I'm like, I'm gonna call this shit since you playing. You feel me? Like you feel me? I'm gonna just boss all the way up. That's what I was thinking. Listen the intro, you hear me And then Dage felt the pressure and was like, you know what? I Fine. I wanna say that was after fucking Zo. But if it wasn't, I know she was the drive force for sure. I love that actually. Yeah. It's hilarious. It was like, yeah. Since you playing, How did that make you feel? She Already knew it. That's why she Asked me. No, but I just thought about it again. Like, damn, you never know though. You know, you asked a question years later, you never know. You had a lot going on back then, so I didn't know.


But that title's just funny. So it's like what Inspired everybody loved that title though. It is. I remember, I remember Thug had tweeted something. He was like, man, I wish, since you playing with mine, you feel me? I'll never forget that. Like, it was just a big thing. Like, since you playing, what, what is little nigga talking about? I was only 22. You know what I'm saying? Toss big. You know what I'm saying? Like, I look back on that now, like, boy, you was 21, 22 just talking big, Not the Miran on the bitch. Yeah. Like, no, I had bought that Rollie and thought I was a shit. You feel? I'm like, oh my goodness. I got a big face Rollie arm to Shit, man. I love it. I'm actually excited for y'all tour. For real. Just because even in this conversation, it's just reminiscing on the music and just it really brings you back.


Yeah. But it's like, it's like love and it's exciting and it's not even like love as in like deep, but just like the thrill of like, It's just that time And it's not just like, for us, it's for the people who do feel that these feelings of love and the lyrics, you know? Yeah. Coming through the back door. What's the other one? Yeah, that's another one. That's another body Calling. Your favorite one. Like everybody can relate. So Every song it, It's for the people. I think this one, well we, we never had a chance for all the other stuff to go platinum, but I expect for this to go like platinum fast. You know? I expect for it to just be, I, I expect this to be a moment in time. That's unforgettable. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? For us, for the fans, for everybody, I feel like this gonna be like unforgettable.


Yeah. I feel like I'm excited. I feel like we know how to, we know how music should sound. Like we was, we come from an era. We was nineties baby. So yeah, I'm a little older, older than him, but we, we know what they wanna hear. I think we still embody that. He does even even with the r and b, you know, I do all kind music too, but I think for the r and b. Yeah. That's the Feel of it. That classic modern RMD sound like. Yeah. Like what's, What's going on right now? Yeah. Like the songs you'll find on the countdown 1 0 6 and park, which is why we did the favorite one video. It's a bow all in it to get that little feel, but just that vibe, that nostalgic like, you know, but I can't wait for the tour.


We got more videos dropping. Yes. Backdoor. Wait, wait. Y'all did this Shush at the same time. What is going on? Are y'all working on things outside of Music? Nah, Emini here. Like we, we, we just been thinking like, you know, it's been stuff like, like we come up with so many ideas when we, you know, creating Yeah. That sometimes when they actually, when we actually see it come to life, it be like, oh shit, hold on. You saw that that shit can actually be real Running to keep things sacred and just, you know, cook. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Let 'em cook. Hey. All right. Hey, I'm gonna let y'all cook. I'm super excited. I'm a fan of both of you And I. Yeah. I'm just glad you guys are are doing this for real. You already know it's gonna be up, it's gonna be fun too.


All Right. Definitely. Yeah. Shout out to you. And what does the tour gon look like? Actually, I, I've seen, I've actually seen both of y'all live. Yeah. But together, I'm like, We gonna make it dope. You know what I'm saying? We actually haven't started rehearsing or nothing like that. But you know, we plan to make it dope. Something for the fans to see something memorable. Yeah, definitely. I know you be dancing. Is it giving we dancing together? Is it giving like, like I'm not dancing. No, I'm not dancing. Dancing. I'm gonna hear, I'm gonna hear some moves, but I'm gonna let him take, I I love how he just goes all out with the performance. Like, I, I don't do as much as she does on stage, But she gonna do something trusty. Oh Yeah. We gonna, I'm we going. I gotta show out.


I gotta make it look good. Yeah. You know, It's gonna be turned, it's gonna be good. Like trust. It's gonna be like lit. Like we performed together before, like when I was on that mood tour, I remember I brought the age out and we had a couple shows together before, but nothing, never like this consistent, you know, and this where it's just like, oh, it's, it's us together. You know? I, it's gonna be like lit. It is gonna be dope. Like if I was, if I was a fan, I would definitely be coming, you know what I'm saying? I would be like somewhere with a good ass seat too. You know? Even if I gotta stand up, I don would fuck around. I fuck around, be front row. 'cause I don't wanna see us up close, you know what I'm saying? But then I would fuck around, go to another show where I sit up top and be chilling. Oh you, you wouldn't, I would go to tickets To all the Shows.


Yeah. I would come to a couple shows for a couple different experiences. Like if I was a fan, I would definitely come to the Atlanta show 'cause I'm from Atlanta. I would come to the Detroit show 'cause she from Detroit, you know, I would come to New York, you know, I would come to the LA show. You feel me? If I was a fan, I would come to, I would actually probably fuck around coming to every show. Especially if I had that cake on me. You know what I'm saying? Like was just cooling, you feel me? I just fucking around just be traveling, following the bus on some shit. My following the bus. Yo, this A real fan though. For real. Like, I waited my whole life for this. Like, some people waited since middle school and shit for this like high school. Now they grown as hell with kids. Like, you feel me? Like some people like, just like, man, I'm following the bus. You know? Some people got jobs, right? That's what I'm saying. I would be like, fuck my job.


Everything. Like, I'm coming to this. I would risk it off of this shit man. And you are, and this like a once in a lifetime thing And you gonna be dealing with this the entire time. They gonna see, well hopefully like good luck. Hopefully It's gonna be fun. I make shit fun. They just fun. We're fun. It is fun. The fans are gonna have an amazing time. We have meet and greets, you know what I'm saying? We're gonna get a chance to meet the fans. I know a lot of people wanna meet us, you know what I'm saying? And it's just gonna be fun. Like we never toured together. Yeah. It is gonna be fun. Like I, I plan on having a great time. I plan on if they're memorable and we just hitting them stages and just going crazy Long awaited, you know, a fans fan. I'm excited to perform these songs.


Some of these songs I never, I never sung ever since I recorded 'em, You know? So I'm excited to just sing them like, and y'all gonna perform the first tape too, you think? Possibly. Maybe. Possibly. Okay. Possibly. I'm excited. I am. Thank you guys for coming on the show. Thank you so much. It was late. It is always. Thanks for having us for the show. Of course. Until next time guys. Talk soon. Fuck A Friend. Zone Two.


Catch the new Hulu original comedy mid-century modern from the creators of Will and Grace, executive producer Ryan Murphy and director James Burrows. When three best friends move in together, Palm Springs will never be the same. They're fun, they're fabulous, and they're turning life's limits into Spike Lemonade. Shake up a batch of cocktails, relax by the pool and get ready for some serious shade. Mid-century modern stars, Nathan Lane, Matt Bomer, Nathan Lee Graham and Linda Lavin. All episodes of Mid-Century Modern are now streaming on Hulu.


Eczema isn't always obvious, but it's real. And so is the relief from EB Gliss. After an initial dosing phase of 16 weeks, about four in 10 people taking EB Gliss achieved itch relief and clear or almost clear skin. And most of those people maintain skin. That's still more clear at one year with monthly dosing. EB GLIs Lebrikizumab, L-B-K-Z-A 250 milligram per two milliliter injection is a prescription medicine used to treat adults in children 12 years of age and older who weigh at least 88 pounds or 40 kilograms with moderate to severe eczema. Also called atopic dermatitis that is not well controlled with prescription therapies used on the skin or topicals or who cannot use topical therapies. EP gliss can be used with or without topical corticosteroids don't use. If you're allergic to ep, gliss, allergic reactions can occur. That can be severe. Eye problems can occur. Tell your doctor if you have new or worsening eye problems. You should not receive a live vaccine when treated with gls. Before starting epli, tell your doctor if you have a parasitic infection


searching For real relief. Ask your doctor about EPLI and visit epli.lilly.com or call one 800 Lilly Rx or 1-800-545-FIVE 9 7 9


with the Best all-inclusive vacation deals to Mexico and the Caribbean. Booking your getaway with cheap Caribbean vacations means you have more freedom to do your deal. Whether you want to enjoy snorkeling, endless margaritas and more, or simply soak up the sun and sand in a tropical paradise, cheap Caribbean Vacations has your deal for that. Plan and book the exact getaway you want at exactly the right price for you by using our exclusive budget Beach Finder. Or find a featured all-inclusive package to Ocean by H 10 Hotels and do your deal@cheapcaribbean.com.


The Unshakeable podcast is kicking off season two with an episode you won't want to miss. Join host Ben Walter, CEO of Chase for business as he welcomes a very special guest chairman and CEO of JP Morgan Chase. Jamie Diamond, hear about the challenges facing small businesses and some of the uhoh moments Jamie has overcome. Listen wherever you get your podcasts, chase Mobile app is available for select mobile devices, message and data rates may apply. JP Morgan Chase Bank, NA member FDIC, Copyright 2025. JP Morgan Chase and Company.