
This is an iHeartPodcasts. I'm the homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. Did you Hear that exclusive? You know, if you don't lie about that, right? Lauren came in. Hi. Hey y'all. It's Lauren la and this is another episode of the Latest with Lauren La where we are your daily dig into all things pop culture, entertainment, news, and the conversations that shake the room. And from checking in behind the scenes of the grind because y'all know we do our check-ins here back on the grind. I am feeling a bit confused today and my confusion doesn't come from anything in my life whatsoever.


The confusion comes because I was in court yesterday. Y'all know, I've been in court with Diddy. Well, not with him. Like I ain't, I I'm not on trial. I have nothing to do with any of the free calls or any of those things, but just monitoring the case to be able to report it to you guys. And for days now, I've been trying to figure out why the government decided that Jane Doe, the woman who was currently testifying on the stand, the woman who you know is the most recent girlfriend of Sean Combs, who take the stand, why she needed to be on the stand as a government witness. Now, the audio that you guys are about to hear in this conversation of the breakdown of what I witnessed yesterday, the disaster on the stand that I witnessed yesterday is going to sound a bit different because I do these breakdowns from outside of court.


And oftentimes once I get back home and I've let my thoughts process from court, and this is what this is, but I wanted to bring this conversation exclusively to the podcast before I took it anywhere else. So let's take a listen and you guys tell me what you think. 'cause I'm confused. Why is, why is she on the stand? We need to have a very real conversation about Jane Doe who has been testifying on the stand for days now at this point in the Sean Combs trial, because at this point I am confused what the government was thinking by putting her on the stand. The government was doing such a good job at laying out their case. They have done a good job at laying at their, at their case, laying out their case, and then they throw Jing do on the stand.


And I get it, like all the lawyers that be lawyering are gonna be upset at me because I am not a lawyer. I'm a person in the courtroom giving an honest opinion about what I'm seeing, what I'm hearing, what I'm witnessing, and how I'm feeling. And I'm feeling like the government could have did without Jane Doe. She's actually ruining the perception of this whole case today, June 12th, Jane Doe was back on the stand first get in court today there is a huge meeting that is happening. There is confusion about what is going on. Like Emini here, court was shut down. Like they, they went into a, a, a, a side room, a lead counsel. The judge, the judge, everybody was allowed to basically like take a break.


And at first when I arrived there, it was said to me like, oh, they're trying to figure out if Jane Doe doesn't wanna testify, and if she doesn't wanna testify, it'll go into a mistrial. And I'm like, why wouldn't she wanna testify? Why would that equal mistrial? Like, I'm trying to work through all this stuff in my mind later on, other things came out that I guess were at play at this time. And you know, people coming to court, not coming to court, we don't gotta get into all that, right? They start the testimony. We, we get in court and Mark Aglio is asking for, you know, Diddy to be brought up on what they just had conversations about in the sidebar room.


The judge is like, well, I don't feel like that's anything that needs to be talked about in open court. Mark Lio is like, you know, I understand the judge is in the court's concerns, but my concern is, is that this is supposed to be a public court. Things are supposed to be public for a reason if we are redacting certain names and, you know, all these different things, right? It doesn't make it where it's public. So they're arguing about Jane doe's testimony to come. The reason why I'm telling you guys all of this, like the arguments post court resuming after this meeting is because it's important in how she testified for the rest of the day. Jane Doe. So as they're arguing, what, what basically happens is the judge decides, okay, we can talk about certain things, but again, I'm standing on how I felt that there are certain names, no matter what the events are that you talk about that should not be mentioned.


The government brought up the point of, okay, if these names are mentioned, this is just another way for the victim to feel like she's being harassed. Diddy's team was arguing like, no, that's not what this is. The only reason why we're calling this out is because the court has a, a duty, you know, when there is a public trial for the public to be kept abreast to everything and all parties involved and things of that nature. Especially because some of these people could potentially come back up and other testimony judge was not with it. Jane Doe enters back in, takes the stand now the conversation begins. Suddenly when we come back into conversation, the defense is already shaping the narrative that y'all were in this, I wouldn't even call it a relationship because she even admitted on the stand that it really wasn't a relationship.


She wanted it to be a relationship, but it wasn't. But they had this thing that they, they were dealing with each other. He was taking care of her financially to a certain extent, and they were engaged in any sexual acts. All, all of her cross and like all of her testimony prior to this, you know, when she's on direct with the government, she's making it a point to have the conversation that like, she didn't wanna be involved in the free calls. She's alleging that she was only doing them because this was how she had to, this is what she had to do to keep her partner. This is also what she had to do to uphold her lifestyle because at this point, you know, Diddy is paying for the home that she lives in. He's, you know, given her money to live off of and basically funding her lifestyle.


And she had a kid, you know, she's only receiving $5,000 a month in child support from her child's father. But the way she's really sustained her life and, and even the money she's making on OnlyFans, like she had talked about, you know, in her testimony she makes $50,000 a, she was making $50,000, you know, at one point from OnlyFans. But Diddy was doing a lot for her. And she alleges that, you know, that with the fact that she just loved him and wanted to be with him and wanted more from him relationship wise. And she felt like the, you know, these nights that they were having with these escorts and all these things is what would get her to that point. And then a defense brings back in the conversation about Jane Doe buying Diddy a a tv like a small portable, like TV says that she brought the TV for his birthday because she wanted him to be able to watch their tapes from their, you know, the nights that they had.


Now later in her testimony, the in the redirect, which is where the government comes back on, they make sure that they bring back in the fact that when you talk about this tv, when we talk about this tv, let's, let's, let's, you know, let's have the conversation that the reason why you brought this TV is because when you guys would have these movie nights where you would sit and watch the videos, you wouldn't have to actually have sex with these other men. Jane Doe is alleging that she brought this television almost, it's kinda like a de a decoy where it would lessen the amount of times that she had to allegedly have sex with these other men. Of course, Diddy's team comes in and they're, you know, leaning in on a narrative of, no, you brought this television allegedly because you were, you were with it, you were encouraging it, you were, you know what, Emini here gratifying it.


And that is what, like, they're Diddy's whole team point today was, he didn't even know that you didn't like these things. And when he knew he changed how he went about them, or at least attempted to change how he went about them told you, you guys need to communicate more so he knows what's going on and he knows how you're feeling, right? So then we get into the, the time after Cassie's lawsuit drops, she alleged that she needed some time to work through her feelings after all of this happened, because she says that it was a lot for her to stomach and to deal with. But she also says that it was just a lot for her because when she saw Cassie's lawsuit and, and, and read the details of the lawsuit, she felt crazy because thi this meant that there was a whole other woman that was experiencing the same things that she had been experiencing.


And it, and it kind of, it kind of messed her up a bit because she's like, okay, if you are doing all these things with another woman, and I'm already super sensitive about it, you have Jane Doe, she, you know, she's talking about how she felt lesser then because he was doing all these things with her and basically just using her allegedly, right? She alleges that she was just being exploited sexually, but not getting what she wanted in return. And now she sees that this, it, it wasn't something special that he was only doing with her. Says that while they were taking his break, you know, you know, she alleges that Didi was persistent and he was reaching out to her. So eventually they ended up linking back up one month af after Cassie's lawsuit. One of the things defense did on cross with Jane Doe was relationship from the beginning of her testimony, even when she was talking to the government, you could tell was like she was very emotionally tied to the relationship.


She talks about still loving Diddy. She talks about, you know, re resenting him because of how much she loves him. And this is all prior to today. So the defense did a really good job today of using that show that at one point their relationship got emotional to the point where they began having these deep conversations and moments. And it still wasn't communicated the best to Diddy allegedly even to though he was asking her to communicate that she didn't wanna be doing these, these freak offs. It was more so the way that they positioned it was like, you know, y'all would have these deep conversations, you know, y'all would get into these emotional conversations, these text message conversations, and they, they were playing voice notes in the court, but this whole time did is asking you, and and literally they were showing us, you know, and, and like talking about certain instances where he was literally saying to her, and they were asking Jane Doe, did he not say this to you?


And she was like, yes. They're like, Diddy was asking you to communicate more. And she was like, yes. Were you guys having very emotional conversations where y'all were like really going in depth about how you felt things that happened, you know, your resentment, all these things. She says yes. They, they, they talk about the fact that again, Diddy didn't know how she felt. There was one, you know, 'cause prior to this, there was a conversation of when everything first dropped, when, you know, he was having a conversation with her about, oh, this was consensual. You know, I didn't know you felt that way. So his team then comes in and really digs into that. They started talking about how after the Cassie dropped, things changed in his relationship with Jane Doe because if we remember how Jane Doe was positioned by the government, right?


The government positioned Jane Dot and Diddy's life as a woman who very in love, very loyal to him, didn't have any say so over what she was doing because of the, the, the power that he had over her, the financial reign, the threats to stop paying her rent. Just the, you know, how much she loved him and wanted to please him. Now, on the defense for the defense today, while she's on the trial, while she's on the stand, they counter that whole like, that whole shaping that we've had, which is why I'm like, I don't know why the government leaned in on her as like their last real like, like witness witness that we hear from before they start, you know, ending their remarks.


'cause the government is gonna be done by the end of next week. They said either Wednesday or Friday. I really don't understand their way of thinking. I know that she fills in some color for some of the, some of the things, some of the charges. But to me it just muddies their argument too much. When these legal team comes in and they're having a conversation with her about things changing after the Cassie, they, they played his voice note and Diddy is asking her, what can he do better? He's like, yo, I'm a I'm a solutions guy. Like I I hear you, I understand what you're saying now. I wasn't aware that this is how you felt. I got all this stuff going on. I'm a solutions guy. I really need your friendship right now. And I don't, you know what Emini here, like if we just gotta be friends, we gotta be friends, but really like, I don't want it to end like this, but what can we do to make this relationship better?


Because I don't want you feeling this way. And then they bring in another conversation where Jane Doe was asking for bread. Like he, 'cause 'cause it gets to a point where, 'cause he, he steady asking her like, you know, I don't wanna fight. I want us to move on, you know, charge it, charge me, charge me for it. Like, let me know what I gotta do for us to get to a good place to move on. And I'm be honest with you, I, 'cause in my mind I'm like, okay, maybe their whole point here for the government is this is the manipulation that is used, right? This is the, this is the, this is the way that a, a man who knows he's in control, knows this woman is in love with him, comes in and tries to keep everything clean because now things are about to hit the fan because this Cassie lawsuit and then this video just Emini here, this Cassie lawsuit drops, right?


But at face value on the stand, it, I, the testimony wasn't strong enough into that point for me to even honestly feel like that is how a jury would be thinking. I thought like that because again, the whole time I'm listening to the cross-examination today, I'm like, what was the government thinking? And I'm like, it had to be that point. Maybe like, yes, she's filling in color for certain, you know, one certain counts, but it's not strong enough and it's too iffy. It's too open ended, be honest, be beyond a shout of a doubt vibe. This is not it. Then Diddy's team comes in and they start talking about money that she text him.


She text him and asked for, it was a whole breakdown. It was like a hundred K for this. And there was a whole breakdown of money that she asked for, for basically Diddy wasting her time. And she ran down the numbers, baby ran them down, and Diddy's team made the point to ask, okay, this was a conversation between you and Diddy, correct? This was not a conversation between you, you, Diddy, and an attorney, correct? Like you had never retained an attorney. And she's like, correct. Because at this point now they're trying to, they're, they're really trying to show how basically this, this woman is allegedly vindictive. Like everything we're seeing, everything we're hearing is because she didn't get what she wanted.


Now, while all this is happening, it gets to a point where, you know, they're having these conversations. She's like, look, I just need some time to myself. I don't want you to contact me. I don't want anything. Like, she had reached out to KK who, you know, worked with Diddy and who has been mentioning this case almost did almost every single day. And she's like, I don't even want him to contact me. Like, I'm good. So she says, for two months, December, 2023 in January, 2024, did, he left her alone, but he still paid her rent. The fact that the rent is still being paid. There's two, there's two ways you can look at that. It's like, okay, this is a way that he is feeling like as long as I'm still paying these things and doing these things, I know she needs me to do, I can still control her. Or if you're the defense, you're looking at it like, well obviously this man wasn't trying to control you and make you do certain things because here you are actively involved in this investigation and he hasn't cut financial ties with you to a certain extent.


So everything that you're alleging about things not being paid for, if you were to stop doing certain things and feeling forced because you know, the lifestyle he, you were upholding because of him and him threatening to stop paying your rent. It can't be the, it, the, the, the threats had to be empty at some point because you're sitting here on the stand testifying against this man in front of us with your rent paid. And again, I'm like those two things I, the government, it's a great argument to have to counter on both sides, right? For the government and the defense. I just don't feel like the government is doing the best job with this witness at the point. Like, like why put her on the scene?


What's the point of talking about this? What's the point of us knowing this and how does it help you? And they start talking about Jane Doe going to Vegas with, you know, this big rapper and the rapper's wife and or girlfriend. They couldn't specify whether it was a girlfriend or a wife, but they're like, okay, so then you get on this jet, you go to Vegas with this rapper and his girlfriend or wife. And she's like, yes. And they're like, talk to us about that trip. So she's like, you know, one of her homegirls was friends with the wife, girlfriend and she got the invite. So she went, and this part, I'm like, oh, this is so not a good look for the government, okay? It's about to get real crazy for the government. Because once they brought up another rapper, another big rapper, and she's on this jet, I'm like, oh my god, they about to drill the fact that sis is just chasing a lifestyle and this is all that this is about, like she's going for a lifestyle when she don't get it, things crumble.


Right? This rapper who's close to Diddy music icon. So she's like, I got on the jet. We, we got on his jet, we went to Vegas. She says, when they went to Vegas, they landed, they instantly went to a play and then they went to dinner. And then at the end of the night they ended up getting invited back to a hotel. Right? Now, in the midst of this, in the midst of, you know, the play and dinner, she says she runs into one of the escorts that she's very familiar with. A man named Anton, who her and Diddy have, you know, done escapades with several times at this point. She says, she goes over and speak to Anton and nobody quite the, the, the, and the Diddy's team asks like, did anybody wonder like how you knew him or anything like that?


And she's like, no, everything was cool. She spoke to him, moved on. So then she says, you, they ended up back in the hotel room eventually, and when she walked into the hotel room, Anton was having sex with a woman and everybody there was just watching. And so they're like, okay, so this is happening and what did you do? She's like, she was in the room, she was just there watching. She said she ended up having some conversations with the rapper and the rapper told her in front of everybody, like he was flirting with her in front of everybody. And he told her like, you know, I always wanted to have sex with you. And she says, though, she alleges that nothing happened between her and the rapper. Now the defense reminded her.


'cause they're like, so nothing else happened in the room, nothing else happened with the rapper. And she's like, no. So then Diddy's team is like, okay, well do you remember when you met with the government and you told the government that you flashed your boobs while in the room with this rapper? Like while in this hotel room party extravagance or whatever this was. And she's like, oh yeah, I forgot that. And then they're like, okay. And she's like, you know, she's, then she's like explaining, doing that. And you know, they're, they're trying to basically get to the point where, where it's like, okay, were you being told you had to do that or, and she's like, no, we just were like hanging out. And it was like, and like she makes it seem like it was just like a fun thing. Like we're in the room, we're hanging out, we're having a good time, And I flash my boobs and then the government and the government, and then Diddy's team says, do you remember that you also in a meeting where you talked about this prior to getting on the stand, said that you had referred another escort that you and Diddy were familiar with to the party, to the rapper and his friends in the party?


And she's like, yes. She said that she referred, they asked her, did did specifically they said, she said, they asked her, did you know anyone el do you know anybody else in the lifestyle? Because they were looking for another escort. And she says, yes, I know a person. She says, she then called and you know, she connected that escort with the rapper and all the people in the room. And when she said that, I'm like, boy, oh boy, does she just blow up? The whole reason the government just brought her here, right? Government is alleging that this was not just a lifestyle for Diddy, that this was it, it may be a lifestyle, but he took this lifestyle and used it to coerce and force and blackmail people and do all these things because he couldn't get what he wanted or he wanted to continue getting what he wanted out of these women who he was making be a part of these things.


This witness now just, and this like the first 30 to 45 minutes, not even 45 minutes of her sitting down on this cross examination has already fluidly like this is, they're not even some of it, they're not even asking her questions that bring out all these details. They're just literally letting her go. They're just asking her to explain what happened or tell us what happened. And she's bringing these details, right? She's very honest about these things and she's saying, I was asked, you know, who else I knew in the lifestyle? I ended up in this room and, and, and you know, Anton was there and he was just having sex with this person and there's another rapper in the room. So basically this is another rapper's free call.


She did say she didn't have sex there, but she was there, she stayed, she wasn't forced to be there. She like all these things. And I'm like, so everything that the government just built up right between her and, and Diddy, like her not wanting to be involved in freak off whatsoever, right? Her not even wanting to be around them, her being disgusted by it, her, you know, feeling so dirty and so unclean and all these things because of these freak off. She went to Vegas and ended up in a room where one was taking place and she voluntarily stayed in the room and also ended up flashing her boobs and just having a good time in the room. I'm like, man, the government is like, I, I was so confused.


Y'all like the whole testimony, I'm so confused. And they start talking about one year for her birthday. Like this is after, you know, the, the, the Cassie Law School dropped and Diddy is in the midst of like a media like storm, and she flies to Miami to see Diddy. It's, it's her birthday. And she says that it was because at this point now, from, from what her testimony was after Diddy, after the Cassie lawsuit dropped things between her and Diddy just, they started to change. Like he started to listen to her more. It seems like he was a lot more romantic to her. He, you know, the, the, the hotel nights are free offs, were still happening, but his approach about things were a lot different and she felt a little bit more empowered and cared for.


So she said she flies to Miami, Diddy sets up a whole romantic dinner at his home. It's like, you know, you walk down the walkway of the home and there's like, you know, a romantic dinner set up and she says it was sweet and she says that their hearts were pounding out of their chest and she said it felt like prom. Like they were both nervous and you know, like she is very much still in love with Diddy as you're listening to her talk and she's describing how amazing this night was. And she's like, you know, they're eating, they're drinking, they're having a good time. She's like, because they had such a good night for her birthday in Miami. They bring up, they, they bring up the fact that they had a freak off that night.


She says on the stand, she on the stand that she was down to do the freak off because she had gotten what she wanted. She had finally gotten the attention and the romantic, you know, side of Diddy that she wanted. And when she said that again to the government, I'm like, what is happening here? I am very confused. The minute that she allowed for the defense team to say, well you got what you wanted. So you did the free call. And she said, yes, I finally got what I wanted from him. I'm like, that's the vindictive jealous. You're only here because you didn't fully get what you wanted. Slam dunk right there. They didn't reiterate.


They go into, let's talk about, you know, because now it's like romantic and y'all aren't doing your birthday and you're, you're, you're, you're down for the freak offs and you're doing them and all these things, right? So they're like, let's talk about how things change between you guys, right? And they list off things they said. You said, you said you told us in a prior meeting that after the Cassie lawsuit, did he listened more to you? She says yes, he was more apologetic. She says yes, he was more sweet. She says yes, he was home more. She says yes. So they got to spend more quality time together. She says yes. He called and talked on like the phone and FaceTime with her more.


She says yes. So then, you know, and, and they paint the picture of like what that timeline was from like February to September of 2024. She says that, you know, there was less people around, it was less chaotic. And the defense made the point that like, you know, she, they asked her like, were you guys still en engaging in doing drugs together at this point? And she says yes. And she says, well, were there a lot of escorts still around? And she says, no, again, the defense is debunking at this point that the drugs come in because you're forced to do them because you're then forced to then be out of your mind to have sex with these escorts allegedly, or you're only doing these drugs allegedly to numb your mind because you're being forced, allegedly to have sex with these escorts because now you're telling us you're in this softer space.


Y'all are, there are no escorts really. Everything's good. Y'all are spending time, you're getting what you wanted, get getting what you wanted and you guys are still doing drugs. And she's like, yes. Right? So they even bring out to the point where they're like, even his terminology about their relationship changed. So prior to the Cassie lawsuit, Diddy was telling this woman, okay, I'm I, I I'm not the person. Like monogamy isn't my thing right now. I'm polyamorous and that means I'm dating a bunch of people. Like I'm being honest about that. And she thought she handled it, you know, she said she thought she handled it, but she eventually couldn't. But at this point, now she's in love with him. But she said on the stand that after the Cassie lawsuit changed, he would call her things like his girlfriend and she also felt in his actions too.


Now here's another point where I was like, okay, that could be a AlleyOOP for the government because again, the government could bring in like the manipulation and you know, all these things that he then was able to get her to do, you know, and get her to say okay to whether it's being trafficked, allegedly, or whatever, because of the manipulation. This is something she always wanted from him and now he's giving it to her, right? So then after this, but, so I'm like, I'm, I'm like, okay, I'm in again. I'm going back and forth on playing ping pong the full time because I'm trying to figure out why the government got this girl on the stand. So then they go into just kind of what that time period was like for Diddy and Jane Doe.


So Jane Doe says, you know, during this time period after that Cassie lawsuit, when things got a bit better for them, she was really trying to be there for him. You know, she, they realized that there was an invest, a federal investigation into him. He was so stressed. So she was really on him about, you know, making sure he was eating good and working out and you know, doing everything that he could to keep himself together because he was a wreck. Like he, he was such a wreck at that time. And she even said that, you know, she felt more assertive in their relationship at this point and that she had more control in their relationship. And then the Cassie video got, I told you guys, this is the podcast where we get into those conversations to shake the room.


And if I'm being very honest, the government didn't need Jane Doe. And I'm gonna say that one final time before we get on outta here. But I wanna hear from you guys. I want to know what you think. Am I tripping? Is the testimony still credible and believable or is this just a waste of our time and you know, a parade of sexual acts that should we even be focused on them at this point? Because that's what Jane Doe was making me feel like, is like, hey, are we just in this men's bedroom or are we actually witnessing an enterprise in a shakedown of sorts like the government is claiming? Let me know what y'all think at the end of the day. I am Lauren la Rosa, this is the latest with Lauren La Rosa. And you guys could be anywhere with anybody talking about these topics 'cause there's always a lot going on, but you choose to be right here with me.


So I appreciate you guys. Lowriders, I'll catch you in my next episode. This is an iHeartPodcasts.