
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet. You go to eBay, there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated, whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a PR across body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay, the place for new pre loved, vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love.


Let's, I'm a homegirl that knows a little bit about everything in everybody. You that exclusive, you know, if you don't lie about that. Right. Lauren came in. Hi. Hey guys, it's Lauren the Rosa, and this is the latest with Lauren the Rosa. This is your daily dig on all things pop culture and the conversations that are gonna shake the room, baby, today I got Brandon in here with me. Yep. I'm back. And we are gonna get into some topics, get into some things, but as you guys know, we always check in. So let's get behind the scenes of the grind to check on in real quick. Back on the grind. Brandon, how you feeling? I'm feeling good.


I'm tired. Tired. I, no, go ahead. I wanna go to sleep. I am too. Yo, but I've been, I've been, you know, I've been trying to change my sleep schedule 'cause it's, my sleep schedule is trash. Like I'll take a nap maybe an hour or two during the day and then maybe my nighttime is like three to four hours. No. And like, it's just my, my whole sleep schedule's been off for, for years. Ever since working these hours. I was about to say, one of the things I realized with this show is like, you gotta knock out everything you need to do. Yeah. Like once you take that nap, Once you hit the bed and say you, you gonna relax for a second. Nothing is happening after that. If you work an early morning job, once you take your nap, it's over. You need to take your nap once you're ready to just be in the house because you can take your nap, wake up, maybe make some dinner, do things that's gonna put you back to sleep.


And then you go back to sleep and it's time to go to sleep. And Then them naps. Where is like, you dumb tired. Sometimes I wake up, I don't even know where I'm at. I be waking up confused. Like those nap is like, I am so tired right now. Yeah. I was in the airport until three eight. No, that's not true. I was in the airport until, I think I went to the airport at like, what, like 5, 5 30 was my flight or me? And my flight was at six 30. So I arrived there around like 5, 5 30. I did not leave the airport. Never flew to my destination and decided, and not even decided, but the airport decided for me that our flight was not gonna take off when we finally got on a flight. My flight, I was supposed to be flying to Texas for something that I'm working on a brand campaign for the radio station did not happen.


Yeah, That's rough. All the, all the airports in the tri-state area though have been been wilding ing. I know. Newark. Newark airports been wilding now. JF K's been having some issues, so man, I'm, we're just lucky we didn't fall out this sky. Honestly. I've, I've flown recently too and had some major delays, but, you know, I'm just glad I guess less planes. I flown out the sky from what I'm seeing in the news. So Why when I say tweaking, I throw a tweaker. Yeah, you saw I'm Woo whoa And okay, well let's get on into the latest y'all so we can get on outta here. 'cause I am tired today. All right. So in the latest up first we have Doce. Now y'all know we've been doing the MET Gala talk. We've been talking about the fine fabrics and the Dandyism and the stylists and the designers.


And the celebrities who wore it. The Met Museum. All of the above, but still going viral from the Met Gala. Evening is Doce. Doce is currently going viral because there is a video clip circulating of Doce. This is rapper, singer, new fire artist Doce of her instructing her team around. They were trying to basically hide her outfit until she got to the museum, which a lot of celebrities do. I know Cardi do. I know Cardi does that every time. She did that this year too. Cardi B had Burberry umbrellas up all around her and you can still kind of still see her from the side, but I believe they do that because they don't want photos of themselves in their outfits surfacing before they hit the red carpets.


Media finds out where these celebrities are staying before they can hit the Met Gala red carpet. So it's like, it's like a game of cat and mouse of you trying to get out, make it to your car and, and make it to the Met Gala Carpet and no one see your dress whatsoever. So let's take a listen to this video. Me Another Goat Stop Mom, be another umbrella. Now another one, another vote, another need another one, another umbrella. I need four fucking umbrella, two umbrellas. The people are really pissed off for DCI's team. They're like, yo, why is she talking to her team like this? If that is her, if if confirmed that, that is her voice, just, you know, to be safe. You hear the voice say, I need two fing more umbrellas.


Do not let that fing umbrella go because they're gonna try to sneak in pictures. You know, just barking out some commands very aggressively. I'm not gonna lie, the way that people are are positioning this as if she's just a horrible person on her staff and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I ain't going, I, it seemed like more like she was in panic mode. Like, and just making sure, like you said, I I didn't know the aspect of it. Whereas like, they definitely don't want pictures taken before they hit the carpet. Hell no. So it seemed like she was in panic mode. Like people, they're gonna try and catch her. And what she was saying was right. I, I could definitely see people trying to put their camera over the protective shield so they could get pictures of her. So Emini here, I kind of see where she was coming from. It didn't seem like she, it was direct at thumb, like they're incompetent or Right.


She's like, get it now. Like she, she feels like the, she sees the flashes. She doesn't know if there's like little creases in the right protective shield to get pictures from. So I, I didn't see nothing too crazy with, I also think Knight like this are really, really, really competitive. Very much like it, it's just a lot going on. Like it's a ton going on. And I think you're feeling the pressure of that. And I'm not excusing it because I've worked at some pretty crazy insane places where people would do things and talk to you certain ways and you'd have to be back and forth with, you know, your, your leadership and everything was always blamed on like the pressure of the newsroom that we worked in. All of those things messed, messed together on one of the biggest nights in fashion, entertainment, pop culture history.


And you are, you know what Emini here, like, there's a lot of pressure now. I don't fear that these people are being treated like this every single day. However, it doesn't look good like in, and we're in a day and age where even if there's radical common sense behind what you're doing, like putting the umbrellas up so that no one can see your outfit. So there's a big reveal on the carpet that is the point of the Met Gala. Yeah. Literally, it doesn't matter. People will still find a way to be upset. And that's exactly what's happening right now with Doci. I personally didn't think it was that crazy. People were coming at her crazy. Like, I saw some comic, like when they finally saw her outfit, they were like, all that outfit to cover this. Like, they were even, like they were saying her outfit was really like lackluster for her to be acting like that.


But I, I didn't, I didn't think it was crazy. You know, I feel like once you start putting hands on people or start yelling in their face or something like that, but she's literally just trying to get through and, and you know, to the, to the carpet. And, and the added context adds more to it that like Yeah. And I think tone is everything. Yeah. Tone. Yep. You gotta take a lot of things into account. Now I do think it's good that this went viral And I only think that because I feel like even in a pressure filled moment, in an intense moment, one thing she's not going to do Doce will not do again is yell at that team like this. Not not in a public arena. Yeah. She's, she's learning a lot right now. Today probably as we speak, that is not what goes them, but who cares? Like we see the divas do it like, well, okay, I wouldn't say I've seen Mariah Carey or whatever, but like, I don't, I don't think this is such a big deal in the, the realm of who she is.


Like I could see Nikki doing something like this. I could see the Mariahs and anybody who's considered like a diva. Like, I, I don't think it's wild behavior or, or am I dripping? No Emini here. I I don't think it's common. I I think I don live By, oh, this is not common. I, I I felt like it was common for I think Okay. And if it is, I think people are doing a better job at ha hiding it in 2025. Because now laws are made to protect, you know, people and their work environments and stuff like that. For me, I've never been a person that once have to deal with and talk to somebody like that at all. Yeah. Especially not another grown person. So if I have to talk to you too many times, or if I'm not satisfied with something too many times, I just have to learn to like step back and let you go because that's not one of the things I wanna do in my life.


I worked really, I worked real hard to get to where I'm at and to, not even just career wise, but just like me as a person like Lauren in middle school and my freshman year of high school when summer high school versus who I am today. You would be like, Lauren, yo bro, I'm glad you made it out. Yeah. Like, things were so different. But I think I've had to learn, I I've just had to learn how to deal with people and, and dealing with people in a way that like, I can set boundaries. Boundaries are important here. Boundaries are very important. I can set boundaries, but also too, just not completely like destroying a person or putting a person on defense. Yeah. 'cause I've been in that position where, okay, now you feel like you're being put in on defense and what you gonna do Defend yourself.


Yeah. You gonna defend yourself. If I'm putting you on defense, you're gonna defend yourself. So I, I think that this is something that, you know, with this going viral now, I'm sure Doci has learned her lesson about publicly. Even if her intention was Well, and, and again, you gotta always just remember intention. Even if her intention was well And I she gonna tighten up. Yeah, yeah. At this point, because I know I would like, I would've been like, ugh. Even though I didn't mean it like that or like low kittys my homegirls or whatever. It just looks so, it looks crazy. Yeah. Bad. But again, the Met Gala is all about your premiere on that carpet. You cannot premiere on that carpet if the people done got you before you walked out your hotel room. This is what you do when you have high standards and fancy all the fancy things like a Dior saddlebag or that diamond tennis bracelet.


You go to eBay there you'll find new loves that will never disappoint expertly authenticated. Whether it's that vintage pearl necklace or brand new ruby earrings, a pro cross body bag or classic watches like that Rolex oyster or that Cartier tank on eBay. There are no limits to your high standards. Yeah. eBay, the place for new pre loved vintage and rare fashion eBay things people love. So Logan Paul sat down with Tom Brady, one of the goats of this NFL thing. I don't know much about sports, but I do always know like the bigger names and what people are saying about them and stuff like that.


Yeah. He's known as definitely the, the best football player of all time. Some people say he's even the greatest athlete of any sport of all time. So yo Like that is insane. Can you imagine just being like a regular kid outside playing curve ball and then boom, you the greatest athlete to ever walk the earth? What you say What of, of any sport of all time? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. And if you know his upbringing, like he wasn't supposed to be that great. He talked about in the interview, like he wasn't athletic, he wasn't fast, he wasn't strong. He Also talked about getting picked like super late in the draft as well too. Yeah, Yeah. One 40, Which I thought was crazy. Four, I believe it was. Yeah. And he named other Names 1 99 I think. Sorry. He talked a bit about on this podcast, his decision to, to do the Tom Brady Roast. Let's take a listen.


I love laughing at myself. It felt like I was in the locker room, but I do understand like for my kids, that was really hard. Yeah, yeah. It was a massive show. You said it was a massive hit. Yeah. And you said that right after the show too, that you felt Yeah. And I didn't realize, you know, like there's some things a parent you fuck up and you don't realize until after like, were they, were they mad, sad, they're protective of their mom, of their dad, you know, of, of everybody. You know, they're just, why do you, what, what was the point of that? Why did you do that? So it's just, you live and you learn. So the greatest rest of all time Tom Brady aired live on May, 2024. You had Kevin Hart that was a part of it. Nikki Glaser, Kim Kardashian. And you know, the way that in, in true Roast fashion, the way that it went down was everybody took a a, a chance like going at Tom Brady.


So when he appeared on this podcast and he revealed that he just regretted it because of how it affected his kid. Well Emini here it seemed more of like she was embarrassed of the things they were saying. 'cause it wasn't necessarily like they was lying on her. She is Giselle kin his Gi she's ex-wife gi kin. So I think the main part of the jokes was that she left him for their personal juujitsu trainer. So that was, and there's always been some type of disdain between like Tom Brady fans and his wife. 'cause it always seems like she was trying to get him to leave the game too early because he's so focused on trying to be, needs to be great God On her body. Yeah. There's so there's that. There's always been that disdain. So, and, And I could see from the kid's point of view, I don know if I'm rushing. Do do you wanna talk more before we talk about the kids? Go ahead.


Go ahead. So I could see from the kids' point of view that like, of them seeing their mom be embarrassed Right. On one of the big, because that pla that it was like the biggest thing that night. That was the biggest thing like airing that night. The lie Rose, but Rose, But their mom is Giselle Bunch. You know who Giselle kin is, you know. Yeah. She's like a super famous model Supermodel, right? Yeah. Like thi this is not the first time my, my only, my only pushback on this is, And I know the kids are young and were young at that time anyway, or young enough to Were you like Emini here? Any parent at any age gonna feel like they're gonna have to protect you. But they were kids. Yeah. My only pushback is like, your dad is Tom Brady, your dad is Emini here, your mom is Giselle kin. Like there's no, it's not like you're new to this platforming of conversation around your parents and their relationship and blah blah blah blah blah blah blah, all that stuff.


Right. I don't wanna sound like a mean person 'cause he is our kids, but it's like y'all parents have been famous your whole life. So y'all have to have gotten used to that whole No, it's my parent. They're still regular people. Yeah. But like, no, they're like some of the fa most famous people in The World. But at the same time as far as them and how they felt when they talked to him. Like he had said when his kids said, yo, what was the point of that? And that it really hurt their feelings. Yeah, I can understand that. Because it was like he didn't have to do that. I think one of the jokes that might hurt them was when Kim Hart said, oh you, you win seven rings and all you have to lose is your wife and your family. And then the whole crowd laughing at your broken home. Yes. You know what, Emini here. So that's, I guess I can see how that Exactly And the divorce was so public because leading up into the Tom Brady divorce, I remember this, oh my God, leading up into the Tom Brady divorce, the way that people in NFL fans would come for Giselle, because there would be stories that came out where she talked about, or not source stories where there were, you know, reported things and rumors that she wanted him to spend more time with the family.


She hated the fact that he, you know, wasn't able to be home on a lot of the holidays and that football basically was his life. And that she was essentially asking him to choose between football and the family. Now things and reports changed, you know, after she began to be able to speak for herself. But that was a sentiment. And on top of that, there was this whole very public, very major, the day she filed for divorce, I was in the newsroom. And every story that you had to work on or think about had to relate to them because it was one of the biggest stories in The World for probably the first two to three months. Yeah. And then it, and then their divorce story kind of calmed down a little bit. And then she started being spotted with the jujitsu trainer in whatever country she was in. And one of the times it was with the kids.


That's rough. Yo, that's rough. I like, that's a common story even with like, not to ring up his name, but Diddy and Cassie, how Cassie's with the trainer now, right? Yeah. Dang. You invite somebody into your home to like, help you with something and then they leave with your Don't slip. Don't let your girl need a, a shoulder to cry on. 'cause she gonna cry on the shoulder and it ain't gonna be yours. But it was a public, very, very public divorce. So I think his kids are looking at it like, we finally got over this wound sort of, kind of. 'cause even at the time of the roast, it was still very prevalent because she'll begin being spotted with the trainer and all those things at a certain point, but they're like, yo, we just got past this and you bring it up again. Yeah. Like, why have everybody laughing at us at that? But yeah, Kevin Hart, one of the, you know what Emini here, like these are huge names coming from them.


So it's like why Emini here? After that she went on to have a baby with the zit shoe trainer. And it's rough, you know, they're together. It's a whole thing. But I can understand her being like, did you have to do that though? Yeah. I don't know. Maybe growing up it did feel like he had to choose, like, to be that great at what he does. He had to choose between his family and his marriage, you know? And, and he chose football. I could understand why they would feel like that. Like, dang, my dad probably chose football over me, but I don't know. He's retiring soon. Anyway. I feel like she should have, she should have stuck it out a little bit. That's why a lot Of people said, it's like, for her, it's like, okay, she's retiring soon, but at the same time, it's like she wa she wants her husband in her house now. And once she, once your girl's like turned off by something or turned off by you, it's like, it's hard to get 'em back sometimes when they go, they gone.


Thank You. I'm glad you know, like, we don't just Emini here. I don't know about, I'm gonna say we, yeah, I'm gonna say we, we don't just get there for no reason, but once we there It's like, it's hard to get 'em back. It's damn near Possible. It's, it's, it's, it's that Jay-Z song. Once a good girl's going bad, she's gone forever. More forever. You gotta deal with the fact I did you wrong forever. Yes. Even if you didn't do it wrong. If she's just to a point where she's outgrown it or whatever, it's hard to do that because I think, you know, as women we pour everything we have into relationships because we have to. We're we're nurturers. We're, you know what Emini here, like our, our role, our role in a relationship is to be very emotionally tied and connected. That is a lot of soul ties. It's a lot of energy. So when we take it away, I'm not revisiting it if it's not worth it.


Especially if I don't trust it. Once you lose the trust too. That's a whole other thing Yeah. As well. But Emini here, shout out to Tom Brady for taking accountability in that moment. I know he's talked about this before, but you know, him sitting and talking about it again. Definitely begin to cause conversations around like, you know, people in the public eye making right decisions in Tom Brady's last year of his career. I know that he, everything he's he's done is legendary and, you know, legendary comebacks or like, you know, he, he made it over a hill with his career. People didn't think he was gonna do like crazy amounts of things. And then he still did that at that point though. What did he have to prove? He could have walked away and been with his family. He was the, there was something to prove.


I, I guess it's minuscule in the grand scheme of things, but he just, he needed to prove that it was him and not the Patriots. Like everybody says it is Coach Belichick and it's, you know, the organization is what made him great, but he left and he did the same thing with a team that wasn't, you know, supposed to do it necessarily Emini here. They had good players on the team, but they weren't the Patriots. You know what, Emini here. So I think that that ring with that second team kind of like took him over the edge of like the greatest ever. And I'm, that would, that's a, as a man, that's a great feat to have. Yo it's ego. I know. It is. It is ego. It's ego, ego. And that's a, and there's nothing wrong with having ego, but I feel like when you're an athlete, that ego of like, that the competitive and the competitiveness and the ego combined are insane.


And it gets in the way of a lot of, you know, good things, including Family. Well, that's why it's sad. Yo you choosing between those two things is like, I don't know, I feel like either one would've eat, would eat him up forever. Like him knowing like he didn't put his all into football. Probably eat him up. And then, yo, this is something all these people know, like since there was kids their whole life, all they know is sports. So it's like for them to say like, just give that up. It's like, yo, since I was three years old, I've had this football in my hands. This is all I know. And Tom Brady would've been fine And it's about to be over. He would've been fine. He would've found a little club to join something. He could drive a golf cart to the Florida or something like that. He would've been fine. All right. I'm sure he was. Yeah. He's, they, they're both rich as fuck.


They would've been good, but Exactly. And attached to 'em kids and them babies. He, he learning now though, you could tell that the parental instinct is, is kicking in overtime as he talks about this because he, you, you can just tell he really regrets this like really, really regrets. And the full interview is available on YouTube. I've watched up until like the middle point of it. And I will say, watching this interview made me like Tom Brady. I've, I've always known who he was and talked about him just in reporting. But watching this made me feel so inspired and motivated to go do something. Yeah, that's the latest. We gonna wrap it up here because we take it anywhere else. We'll be talking out for three hours about how it's men's egos. Yes. And how Giselle should go back to Tom.


He didn't deserve all that. Giselle got her, me and her, me and her men and her new baby. Damn. She ain't worried about nothing. And her man could probably beat Tom Brady ass. That's sad. She ain't worried about nothing. Ain't worried about nothing. Giselle ain't worried about nothing. Don't hit me for this Ain't real. You be sad. Don't Leave me for the ju jujitsu fighter that's fucked up. I can nothing. Sometimes it's Not about, can't do nothing about a person and what they do and, and all that. No, I'm saying he could beat my Ass. It's a feeling. Oh yeah. Duh. The girl always I, yes. Make me feel protected. All right y'all, we are gonna rap here. I'm gonna take it really quick to the streets. 'cause y'all know it's not really the, the streets, it's the tweets. Let's take it outside you for the tweets. We outside, we outside, we outside every other page.


Now, I tweeted earlier this morning that I was running off of two hours of sleep. And I told you guys in the beginning of this about my flight being canceled and me having to be in an airport or whatever. And then I was listening to Praise and Worship this morning on my way into work, just trying to wake myself up. And one of my songs came on. It's, it's Happening For Me Live by Kia. She and the song talks about go listen to the song guys. The song talks about for all the little riders who might need this, how things are, you know, happening in your life and they're blessed. And you just gotta kind of like sit still and sit in it and allow it to happen to you or for you, not to you. And just how you begin to manifest things and put things out there.


And in that moment, I, I was, you know, I was listening to the song And I was like, you know what? I'm tired. I got in late last night from the airport and all these things, but God, I'm just grateful that every single day I'm waking up to do something that I love to do that doesn't feel like work because it wasn't always like this. And I wanted to put that out there because that was such a quick 'cause. I was like, oh my God, I wish I could call out a work. I can't call out a breakfast club. I feel like I can't because who's gonna do the latest with Lauren la Mind shift? Energy shift. Mind shift, energy shift. So that's what I wanna put out there. And that's what I hope you guys get from that tweet at Lauren The Rosa on Twitter is that when things are, you know, going left or when things are not going right and you want them to go right, wherever it may be, wherever it may lie, a lot of times it's not even just about changing your surroundings or your people.


Sometimes it's just as simple as changing your thoughts. Literally changing your thoughts to, you know, just think better. And like, instead of thinking what I had to do today, I was thanking God for what I am blessed to be able to do. I came here, was a little tired, got myself together, finished the day. Now we're here finishing the latest with Lauren La Rosa. Brandon, thank you for joining me today. Thank you. Thank you. I liked the words of wisdom you gave us. Your Thoughts Become Things. Mm. Can So stop. Think about the white, White women. You can't about. Yeah. Don't dwell on the, the, the bad things. But yes, thank you for having me again. Don't Ignore me. What? Stop thinking about the white women. YI don't, I've never thought about white women day in my Life. You come on. Little things running around your house. That's crazy y'all. Anyway, All right y'all, this is the latest with Lauren, the Rosa.


I'm the home girl that knows a bit about everybody and everything. I'll see you guys in my next episode. You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.