
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an Ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


All righty. So a little relationship update here or not very much so you in a relationship. Why you outta my business? Oh, Not you. Okay, I'm sorry. You know Dad wasn't in no relationship. Why you asking questions? You know the answer to. How about that? Why I couldn't be me? I, that's why I was asking Charlamagne. Huh? You gonna be so mad. You gonna be so mad when I get and when I, when I get him in And I. Stop talking to all of y'all 'cause I'm gonna be so in love. Don't act like you feel a way. Okay, now let's get back. Why y'all so quiet? Because why y'all so quiet? Who am I the shadow of your dream? Wish you the best Mom. I wish you the best thoughts and press. Oh my God, you new me. I'm about to do a dream board. Let me live. Okay. Okay. So young Miami is actually who we are talking about.


So there have been some rumors that young Miami was dating Stefan Diggs. Now let me tell y'all the backstory. All right. So first Young Miami was spotted leaving carbon in Miami. This was the same night that Stefan Digs was there celebrating his birthday. He was also spotted leaving. They were not spotted together. But y'all know how that go. It's like you leave, I leave, whatever. But they not spotted was Birthday party. I'm sure there was a lot of women There. Hold on, hold on, hold on. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Now she also spotted, I mean spotted. She also posted and then deleted like You know you have like the, like a little birthday set up where it's like the number and like the happy birthday. So there was like a little silver setup with the happy birthday and a 31. But then she deleted it. You Google Stefon Diggs age, he's 31.


After that, fans noticed that she was like in the car, she did like a You know you just do like a video on your Insta story. And the tank top she had on the emblem on the tank top was Stefan Digs clothing brand. And then after that she was on, before that actually she was on live with T camp and they were joking around about her being in at a game in somebody's jersey looking good. So people were like, sis just let us know. Like You. know what I mean? If this is where you going now, just let us know. But she You know she came out and not directly, but she cleared it up a little bit. She said she tweeted she can't fall in love with, am I allowed to say that? Oh, a whole Ahoe. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah. You can say all. All right. She said I can't fall in love with no hoe. She says she young, rich outside and she's single.


So she is not in a relationship. Maybe there're just if, if there is something there, 'cause those are a lot of coincidences. They could Be enjoying each other's time Right now. They could just be dating and enjoying each other's time. Yep. And You know what she deserves to do. So she is single. She's that's right. Not attached to anybody. She needs to have some fun. Mama need to have some fun too. Okay. So the people need to let her live. I also think too, Stefon digs is so fly. That would be, that would be a good little look for her. He gets fly now. Moving on. Still talking music though a little bit. Apple Music and Spotify did their yearly wrap up. So every year Apple Music, Spotify, a bunch of different platforms, but these two in particular people always post will show you who you listen to the most. What song, what album, what artist you listen to the most. So people were posting theirs all day yesterday.


Okay? A lot of people were surprised by like their top ones or top twos. Now globally ending the year for Apple Music's most stream songs. You have Kendrick Lamar, not like us at number one. Taylor Swift, cruel Summer at number five. Sha boozy a bar song at number four. Drake and Morgan Wallen have the most entries to the top songs of 2024, but they're not top five. What else? Oh, it's been a big year for women on Apple Music too with Taylor Swift having seven songs on their, on the, the like the major global charts for Apple Music and the second for any artist. And then Cisa has six on that chart as well too. So it's a big, I guess this is the first year they say that women have created this history on their top songs of 20, 24 charts.


Now, Spotify, Taylor Swift is number one with 26.6 billion streams globally. So she is their most globally streamed artist of 2024. Drake is also on this list at number four. Then top 10 most streamed artists just in the us, not globally. Drake is number two. Taylor Swift is number one. Kendrick Lamar is number seven. You have Metro booming at 10 in the weekend. At nine, okay, now I would love to know 'cause I did mine. And I was, what's yours? I, I feel like mines was true to my soul. It was a really good balance of like righteous and ratchet. And, I, Just Apple or Spotify. This Is Apple. I don't use Spotify, like how people use It. Yeah, I don't use Spotify either. I use Apple and title still. I still use Title. I don't use title no more. I stopped when Jay-Z left.


Maybe I need to too, but I, I stopped use Apple and Title. Yeah. Okay, so my, my total, my my top listen to artist is Future then it's Drake, summer Walker, sexy Red and Erykah Badu. That, that sums me up. Okay. You know what I mean? My top songs number one you my everything number by Sexy, red and Drake. Number two Made Away by Travis Green. 'cause You know you gotta get a, you gotta get a little God in before you go to this big sexy top albums. It's a Summer Cookout playlist and Glorious by Gorilla. See my, my number one Mary J bbl. Okay, I see that for you in the house with the family. Number two is Drake, duh. Number three is Aaliyah, number four, S, W, V and number five Jodeci.


You are so like skinned but I, but I keep the RB like this r and b music all day long in my house by like my, I got like all day long through my crib. You gonna listen to music number one top song as You know what's up Darnell Jones Left Eye ab You are very light Scared. But that's the playlist. The playlist always starts with that. Number two is I'm so into you. SWV number three is Love, like this Fate Evans. Okay, number four is, hey Mr. DJ and number five is Twisted, keep sweat. But I just played the eighties, nineties, two thousands, bro. I'm not, I'm being, I'm not, I'm not judging your Era. That's my era. Era That's, I'm proud you come through my crib, you gonna be, you gonna vibe out the whole time. Charlamagne what's at the top of your list? Just audio books. Saucy Santana. Oh No You know but I listen to audio books on Audible. Okay so that's different.


But on Apple, 'cause I'm not even titles different 'cause I work out the titles, it's all crunk music. But on Apple my top artists are Kendrick Lamar, Jeezy, future Illa and Ti. My top songs are euphoria March Madness, like that, not like Us and N if You Buck and my top albums are GNX, which is crazy 'cause that just came out glorious from Illa The Recession by Jeezy. Please don't cry by Rhapsody and Crime Mobs album, crime Mob. I feel like y'all lists are very true to y'all's who I know y'all ought to be. But like, like he said, when I, when I'm in the gym, I listen to, I have title playing so it's different music, but this Spotify's my Crip.


So that's like where the kids are listening to in the house. So Got you. That's why I was thinking, well at the house, at the house we be having the Sonos playing, so I don't, that's different. Well one, one of our producers, I shall not name them, but it's a guy, he was very shocked. He thought his playlist, his top ranking was hacked because on the top of his list, his most dream song was Shake something by the baby being sexy. Brandon, That's definitely Brandon. Yeah, That's Brandon. I could see Brandon. That's definitely Brandon. Say what was number two? Dina I. Don't even remember that one. That one threw me off. Like number Was probably Afro beats number Brandon List. But, but, but I can say this right? Brandon is a young hoe. So it would make I Wouldn say You know Shake something would be his number one song. Legend You know he out there, he out there with Eat Different chicks every night.


A legend throwing it on, turning the song off. Brandon Legend brand. Let's get out here. Wow, let's wrap it up. Wrap it Up. Wow, this is Brandon. Number is in love with his stripper. That's what they said. Number three was, Well, I was there. I was there at one point in my life, nephew. I understand. Wow. Nephew. Literally not Charlamagne saying you need to go to church on New Year's Eve and do the altar call bringing in New Year, right? Jesus. All right, well that is, that's what the mess with Lo LaRosa. Charlamagne we you giving that down you Man. Four after the hour, man, sad story. Coming outta the DMV area, there's a man named Terrell Bailey who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him, please. Alright, rest in peace to Cornelius McDonald. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get into that next. And then of course as c and e is after that.


So if you need relationship advice or any type of advice, you can call us now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake That ass up early in the morning. The, Breakfast, Club.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we Are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, shot. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fam podcast on the iHeartRadio app I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hello, My unde Deadly Darlings. It's Theresa, your resident Ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey y'all. I'm Maria Ferez. When You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.