0 (0s):
All Right. guys, welcome to another special episode of Candace. Here's my theory. I believe that the elites are aiming for clinical retardation. I'm not kidding. I, I believe that if somebody produced a study right now and said, don't drink water, 50% of people in the world would perish, they would die because they would suddenly just stop drinking water because the data says don't drink water. And obviously I have showed you guys many times my podcast, my favorite clip on the internet this year because it explains exactly my philosophy in life. It's the reason why we designed the second edition of the Stanus Cups to say, don't care built different. It's very important for you guys to take a listen to Andrew Tate explaining what we can garner from the Dita.

0 (42s):
As he says, take a listen.

1 (44s):
I'm glad I'm super rich. you know, now that I'm super rich, I get to be one of those crazy rich guys who acts unusual and they're like, ah, he's a bit eccentric, but he's rich. So he gets away with it, like wearing a microphone on his chest. Everyone else puts a suit on, puts, hides the microphone. I was like, get a microphone, bro. Don't care. Built different. Don't care. One of my habits now is ignoring all data. It's great. I love when people come to me and say, actually, we've got the data to prove, to prove what you little whatcha gonna prove to me. I can prove to you that the, the, the ice caps are melting.

1 (1m 26s):
There's ice in my water right now. I'm gonna leave the water unattended until the ice melts. Will the water overflow out of the cup? No. Why are all the richest, most important people in the world who are pushing this scam buying beachfront homes? Oh, but the data says the data's from the matrix. That you are the matrix. And the matrix is full lies. Anyone who actually analyzes data nowadays proves they're a dumb ass. Have you seen that graph thing, that meme where you have the most stupid people and the most intelligent people do the same thing? Then you have the mid whi in the middle.

1 (2m 8s):
Data is for mid wits, you know, well, the data says, you know, the data says, well actually statistically, the pharmaceutical company who sells the jab, made the data. Why are you even reading it? Why are you reading it? There were stupid people who sat there and said, the jabs made of 5G cellular data. And then there was extremely intelligent people like me who said, I don't trust these mother. And we both didn't get the jab. All the people in the middle were like, well, the data says, nanu said they wouldn't just make us all take a jab for no reason. Jab, jab, jab, jab, If.

1 (2m 48s):
you even look at data nowadays, you're a dumb ass. You should just know street smart people don't need data. We've just been around, you know, I've just been around. I just know things because I've just been around on the street. Somebody's trying to give you something for free so desperately. It's probably a trap. When you're street smart like me, you're on the corner, you, your boys, some bitches. Guy comes up to you, goes, you want a hamburger? Not really. Hamburger's good for If. you don't eat, you'll die. Yeah, you should really have this hamburger. I don't want it If. you don't have this hamburger. You're gonna lose your job.

1 (3m 28s):
I'm gonna lock you in your house. I don't trust him or his hamburger. Why were you people like, well, do you have a study about this hamburger? Do you have some data on the hamburger? Oh, it says that protein's good for you. Give it to me. Dumb hat. The guy who got the hamburger is trying to force it down your neck. Pull the study out his,

0 (3m 53s):
It's perfect. We're gonna jump right into a conversation with it's, it's, I've watched it too many times.

1 (3m 60s):
Well, it's kind of funny because you probably have this also. You have a point of view and people say to you, where do you get this point of view? Why can you think that? What source does it come from a pin around? How can you think anything else? You know. And I'm not one to get in trouble, but I, I recently watched your show when you were talking about Macron wife, husband, whichever one it was dude, the dude. And people were saying to me, Andrew, what do you think about that? And I said, well, yeah, a hundred percent his wife is a man. And they said, why? I said, because he looks like a little, you could see it. So what more do you wanna see? You can see on his face, you could see on Macron's face that he's exactly the kind of person who would be groomed by a man And. so, so it's obvious.

0 (4m 39s):
And then it's the common sense aspect where they're like, First and foremost, they are producing no evidence to the contrary, 30 years on a single picture of this person exists. Yep. You, we have plenty of pictures of his brother who suddenly went missing at the exact same time that Jit was born at the age of 30. Yep. And people don't have that common sense to go, wait, that is quite strange. Why are they not able to just easily debunk this? And instead you're gonna call everyone else crazy. And the thing that should terrify people is the fact, which you describe it as the matrix, I think that actually is the right term, is that the matrix works over time to make it seem as though the people who recognize the insanity, recognize the homosexuality, recognize the pedophilia, are in fact the people that are crazy.

0 (5m 23s):
Yep. Like it's a complete inversion of what's actually happening.

1 (5m 26s):
And the saddest thing is that it works. I mean, where did Macron even come from? Anyway, I remember, I remember that, that French election, I'm certainly no expert on French politics, but I remember he popped up outta nowhere, some globalist. He was a lawyer or a banker or something. They just put him up there and then he won the last French election. Maureen Lapin was winning and then, oh, she lost. It's like, are these elections even real anymore? Is anything even real anymore? I mean, I only have criminal cases in three countries currently. We may as well add France to the list, you know, but I just don't believe any of it. And then Macron stands up there and of course he's complete globalist. WEFI remember his obsession with Merkel. Do you remember the way he used to stare at her? He used to stare at Merkel with adoring eyes. Very strange situation.

1 (6m 6s):
The French find themselves in. And when you point these things out, you point out that it's strange, right? You point out and say, look, this is unusual. Even if she is a woman, which is highly debatable, the fact that she's 30 years older and it's all just a bit weird. But If, you wanna mention these things, you're right. You're, you're called a crazy conspiracy theorist because so many people are so desperate to conform. you know, I came to this unfortunate realization recently, especially in light of the Kamala garbage. There's a whole bunch of people who want to be slaves. They literally want to be, you sit and say, why can't you convince people to see the truth? And then you realize it's because they don't want to see the truth. They want to be a slave because it makes them feel the same way a child feels when they get attention from their parents.

1 (6m 49s):
They want to be good slaves to the system. And they hope that that will prevent them from getting shot. Now we know our history. It means they'll get shot last, but they'll still get shot. Right? So you have to make a decision as a man, especially like, do I wanna die first like a hero for telling the truth? Or do I wanna die a few years later? Like a coward? And I guess that's where you see the differentiation in the opinions, the dichotomy of the different types of men who are living in the world today. But it's, it's really crazy that so many people will sit there and consistently consume lies and garbage after they've been lied to so many times and they feel like they get some kind of don don't know if it's satisfaction. don don't know if it's warmth.

1 (7m 29s):
don don't know what they feel in their heart when they just subjugate themselves to these people. Maybe it's like cock them, you know? They, they, they like to feel like a cock, they like to feel stupid. There's no other way. There's a whole bunch of people who want to be enslaved to these systems.

0 (7m 44s):
I think slavery's natural. Actually, I, I thought about this for a long time 'cause I'm, I'm going, how could you accept this? Like somebody telling you to stay at home, not see your family, double mask, let your parents die alone. Yeah. Everything spiritually should be coming online going, this is not natural, this is wrong and I'm going to fight this. but they get in line and even when they know it's wrong, they're still still fearful to speak out and say that for fear of persecution. And something that I, a study that I showed like a, a study that was done by the CIA, an experiment rather to my audience was where they sat a bunch of people in a room. This is a true ccia, a experiment. And 17 of them were agents and one of them was from the public, but he didn't know that he was the only person that wasn't an agent.

0 (8m 28s):
Yep. And they held up a picture of a triangle and they went around the room and they said, what do you see? And every agent they got went through them first and they said, square, square, square, square, square. It's clearly a triangle. Square, square, square. They get to that last guy and he says square. Yeah. Knowing fully that he is seeing a triangle. Yep. So what they understand is that peer pressure, like the psychology of peer pressure is a real thing. But it's stunning to me that grown men succumb to this or something that's unbelievably

1 (8m 55s):
Yeah. Wrong about that. Yeah, completely. And that's why they attack masculinity so heavily. Because truthfully, as a man, If, you have an opinion which is different to other men. It crosses your mind. You might have to fight. That's just how it goes, right? So if you're a man and you sit in that room and 17 men say it's a square and you know it's a triangle, you're probably looking 'em up and down going, Hmm, can I beat 'em all? Now me, I'm Bill different, I'll be, I'll be like, that is a triangle, sir, you are wrong. You are wrong. But you have to have a lot of faith in yourself to be able to do that. Right? A lot of people simply don't speak out because it's a scary thing to do because now you have personal accountability and then you have to defend your opinions also. And there's a lot of people who aren't capable of or are afraid to defend their opinion.

1 (9m 35s):
So they just think, I'll just go with the flow. And that's the actual mess we're in. I don't think the mess is so much conservatives against liberals or the saying against the insane, it's this ether in between of people who are just like, ah, it doesn't matter and I'm not interested in politics. And they're just going along with the system, which is probably the largest contingent of the populace. And they're just allowing this clown show to continue for as long as it's continued. And I don't wanna be a conspiracy theorist, but ever since 2020, I don't believe any of the elections affair at all. don don't believe that any of the people in charge have our interests at heart at all. I believe it's a massive racket where everyone is just stealing, I believe If, you speak against the system, the matrix is gonna come and they're gonna use Lawfare to try and destroy you.

1 (10m 18s):
I said on a podcast I did seven days before Trump's assassination attempt that there's no way they're gonna let him win. Then his assassination attempt happened. Thank god he survived it. That was a miracle in and of itself. That's been memory hold now that's been disappeared from the internet. Dunno, If, you saw this this morning. All of the references between Bill Clinton and Jeffrey Epstein had been removed from Bill Clinton's Wikipedia page a couple days ago. So then that's gone. Nothing's printed anymore, right? So they just changed the typing. And you try and talk to this, talk about this with people, there's people who understand you. There's people who disagree with you, who are mentally unwell, but unfortunately there's this huge contingent in the middle who are just like, ah, yeah, you know, I don't really know and I don't know, and I'm just gonna go do as they say, it'll be fine.

1 (11m 1s):
And they're so per distracted with garbage. And that's, I mean, I watch, I look at like a festival for example. I'm not anti-US, but I look at a festival and I see people in the festival and they're all screaming and jumping up and down. I'm like, If, you had half of as much passion for the freedom of your children that you do for this song. You've heard 10,000 times we'd be in a much different position. But they've managed to play say the entire population and which is actually a really interesting thing. You have to sit and think, how did they make us all so placid? How has everybody just been eed to the point where they're sitting there going, oh, well I can't see my parents, I can't see my, can't leave my house. But it's fine. It's, it's truly incredible.

1 (11m 41s):
It's actually quite a remarkable thing they've managed to do. And as they turned on the PR machine, once again, they've turned on the machine for Kamala. Nobody liked her. Nobody. Not even the liberals liked her. Not even the biggest Joe Biden fans liked her. They were all saying she could, she couldn't. She's no way she could win. And here she is the most loved person on the planet like two weeks later. It's just incredible to me. They could do Covid all over again. Candace. They could do it again. I know. Isn't that scary?

0 (12m 6s):
Yeah, it's very scary. And and that's why I go back to this like peer pressure thing. I basically, now when I meet people, I wanna know who they were in high school. I think it's the most significant time in your life. Yeah. I wanna know who you were in high school because it's somehow you see that their characteristics, they just reemerge later on in life. And right now what we're fighting is a system of losers, right? Yep. Who are writing their articles feverishly. They hate people that have confidence. They hate people that are self-confident and are not gonna Oh, ah, you said that the data says this and I'm smart and I went to Columbia. I don't care. If you went to, I literally don't care. You are the dumbest person. I would never follow you. Right. You couldn't lead a marching band. Right. And somehow you think that writing articles in the Daily Mail, calling me names case in point, New York Times former writer Barry Weiss CANDACE, if that saying you are such a, you're like a weird loser.

0 (12m 51s):
Yep. Lesbian can crawl in a hole. Literally, Barry Wise, she would crawl in a hole and die. I could care less. And I, and I say that knowing that there's gonna be, how could you say, literally she could crawl in a hole and die. You think you have the authority right? To tell people that I'm that saying, because I won't get in the line in the same way that you've gotten in line with the system your entire life. Yeah. Like you're, you're a Zionist bought and paid for Zionist. Yeah. And your job is to convince Americans that never ending war, while we can't afford groceries, while people can't afford to put gas into their tank, is something that they should just subject themselves to because there's some higher moral purpose that really just serves you and your superiors

1 (13m 29s):
Well you don't think Israel is your number one ally.

0 (13m 31s):
It's the dumbest thing. People just say stuff. And that's how you really know that everyone's a bot. And I say this even against You know people who I've had respect for in the past. I really see it because they say stuff that doesn't even make sense. It's like six feet social distancing, save lives. Israel's our number one ally and friend. Why would you even make that state? That's an objectively honest face stupid statement to make. They

1 (13m 53s):
Just repeat it. They just repeat it. And they, and you're right. They don't think about it. So let's, let's think about it for everyone at home. Let's think about it. Someone comes up to me, Andrew, take Israel is your number one ally. I said, well they never pay my rent. So not my ally, they don't cut my grass. But what do they do for me? It turns out nothing. So who are they allies to? Well if there are they allies to the government who are also, it seems to be my enemy, are they allies to the people who I don't trust? When, when the senators who are robbing everybody and stealing all of the money and inflating the currency, stand up and say they're our number one ally. Maybe they're your number one ally because you can get an Israeli passport and disappear and hide 'cause you're a pedophile. Maybe they're your ally, but they're certainly not mine. So why is anybody even repeating this trope?

1 (14m 33s):
Whose ally are they?

0 (14m 34s):
Right that I said that. but they protect pedophiles. They literally, they're ally

1 (14m 38s):
To the criminal class.

0 (14m 39s):
So I'm like, where is this coming from? They also performed a terrorist attack and got away with it because of I'm they away with, I'm assuming the black male they have on politicians, but they, the USS liberty, we can't even talk about that in America. Yeah. It's like this No-go zone. You can't talk about that. Yeah. Or the press is gonna leave you an antisemite for knowing that they murdered and tried to get away with it by flying in planes, unmarked planes and bombing the USS liberty to drag us into their war with Egypt. Yeah. That's not my ally. Not from a political standpoint, not from a personal standpoint. The second year state is perfect protecting pedophiles and allowing them to escape from America after they've molested children. And then you go, oh we'll, we'll we'll keep them safe here. And, and on top of that you get to take our tax dollars.

0 (15m 20s):
You, we can't even extradite our pedophiles. Yeah. And you like, why are you saying that? And

1 (15m 24s):
Isn't it ally reciprocal? Like, shouldn't it go both ways? Like what do they do for us? I understand. We fight their wars for them and we protect them and we give them weapons and we do everything they want. That's fine. They're surrounded by enemies for some reason. Nobody seems to like them. That's fine. What do they do for us Ever? Anything, ever. It's

0 (15m 40s):
Really no one can tell you. No one

1 (15m 41s):
Can tell you. And then of course people are so emotionally invested in the idea of Israel. When you mention these things, they just repeat that trope. Well, they're our number one ally. It's like, I think you need to first understand the word are who R is. And secondly, understand the word ally. 'cause Ally's supposed to go both ways. And this is just one of the many different pegs in this, in the system, which now X is free. I have to admit, I feel like people are starting to realize and wake up a little bit about a lot of subjects. And Rumble is out there. And obviously you've got your own show, which is amazing. But it's, it's one of the, one of the cogs in the machine that I hope slowly start to break. And I was actually very optimistic until about two weeks ago when this Kamala crap started and I realized that we're really not as far along as I thought.

1 (16m 23s):
There's still so many people who will just march step into oblivion. And I mean, I don't want to be, I would hate to be labeled a misogynist. That would be terrible. That would be,

0 (16m 33s):
You've never been called that before.

1 (16m 34s):
I dunno if I'd ever survive. No, but my, my view on the world is pretty simple. My view on the world is that you can't have loyalty from somebody who's weak because weak people, even if they have the best intentions to be loyal to you, they can always be intimidated or they can always be primarily intimidated. But when it's down to save their own skin, 'cause they're weak and they're afraid, they're the kind of person who will turn on you. I don't trust weak people. don don't have weak people around me. don don't like weak people. And the fact that Kamala, I can't even string a sentence together means that when she gets to calls from the shadow figures about how the world's really gonna work, I just can't see her standing up for the average American. I can't her see her saying to whoever calls that phone, who's really in charge of things, who've been running things for the last four years.

1 (17m 17s):
'cause Biden doesn't have a clue what's going on and they say this needs to happen. I just don't see her saying that's bad for the American people. I just see her saying, oh well you know, what did Trump say the bus? That's what buses do. That's it. So you, you, it doesn't even matter what she says. It doesn't even matter how well-intentioned she is, which is again, arguable 'cause I don't believe she is. But because she's such a weak person, she's just gonna be stood up there as a, as a puppet and she's gonna be played. And it's scary because I truly believe if Trump loses this election, it's over for America. It's over for the Western hemisphere. It's done.

Good Ranchers (17m 50s):
All Right. guys interrupting this conversation very briefly because I have some exciting news. you know that I love Good Ranchers. They've been a great sponsor of this show. They are supporters of freedom of speech. And guess what? I've teamed up with Good Ranchers to create my own box. You can now go to Good Ranchers dot com and you can get the Candace Owens box. I worked with em to curate all of my family's favorite meats. We've got New York strip that you'll get in the box. You're gonna get pork chops in the box. I'm telling you I am very excited because now you get to order the Candace Owens box. Here's how you're going to do it. I've written this down. You're gonna go to Good Ranchers dot com slash Candace and you're going to buy the box today. You can try it once or subscribe and save $25 on every box. Plus subscribers will get their pick of free protein for a year. So every box comes with more delicious meat. You guys know it's American made, it also supports farmers, it supports ranchers. It's just a great American company. You already have to eat dinner, so why not do it with me at Good Ranchers. Again, you're gonna go to Good Ranchers dot com slash Candace and purchase the Canda Owens box, New York strips pork chops and my favorite on the grill, Wagyu burgers. Go to Good Ranchers dot com slash Candace today.

0 (18m 52s):
I actually wanna ask you a, a question about two people because right now what's happening in America is the MAGA party is actually in fighting. The groupers have declared war on the MAGA party. But on top of the groupers people have spoken out, myself included to say that obviously you survive an assassination attempt, you're gonna come out of it different, you know, and So I, I wanted to give Trump that runway and expect that like you just, you gotta be feeling a little bit differently. But it doesn't feel to me like the same Trump from 2015. And obviously he's a better candidate. I want Trump to win as well. But it does seem that now that he's accepted money, that he can't be as hardcore about certain topics and certain issues as he was back in 2015 when there was no chance he was gonna win. you know, allegedly no chance he was gonna win.

0 (19m 33s):
And also nobody would give him money and no one would give him any airtime. And now it feels like don don't know, like they kind of don don't wanna say like Buck broke in him, but there's definitely a lot of consultants around money kind of always being the root of lies and evil. Yeah. Or, and I believe lies by omission. Not saying things that you would say because oh well this person just cut you a $50 million check. Yeah, So, I maybe stay away from that subject because that person is Yeah. you know, from Romania and these are the Romanian interests. So, you know. Yeah.

1 (20m 1s):
Good country choice there. Yeah, that's

0 (20m 3s):
Great country choice.

1 (20m 3s):
Yeah. Yeah. Smart. I'm a fan of Trump obviously. I hope he wins. I my view on it, if I had to guess, and of course I have no data to back this up. I've just been around, Trump ran with a scorched earth policy and he got into power and they tried the whole Russiagate garbage. And I think Trump actually in many ways was very soft in his first administration and he believed to a degree he could reason with these savages. And he thought that, you know, I should put Hillary in jail, I should do these things. But they'll take Trump tower off me and they'll hit me with endless law and it's gonna be a mess. And I built this whole conglomerate of real estate and money and I'm still American and my kids live here. And If, you really declare war with a deep state on that level.

1 (20m 43s):
My children are gonna end up in trouble and there's a whole bunch to consider. So he tried to be nice to them and then he realized that doesn't work. 'cause they rigged the election when he left, they rigged the election, they keep hitting him with Lawfare to try and stop him being president again. And I think there was part of his mind that said, you know what, I'm really gonna get back into administration and teach these guys a lesson. And then I think something happened, someone came along at some point and I think perhaps that deal was done and they said, look, you won't go to jail. Trump Tower will stay standing. Your kids will be safe in America. Everything's gonna be okay, but you're gonna have to bend on these few things. And I think that perhaps, I mean, fatigue makes power. Napoleon said it, fatigue makes cowards of assault. And he certainly know coward. But it's amazing how daily war can grind you down.

1 (21m 29s):
I can talk from personal experience after three years of every single day you're fighting. And that's what they do. They, they know that you're too powerful of a person to take out with one hit. So they just, it's like hyenas on a lion, you know? And they just bite, bite, bite, bite, bite. If I had to guess, I'm still praying for a Trump victory. I still think he's gonna be the best president. I still think he's gonna do his very best. I just feel like somewhere along the line, something has been agreed to, to prevent post presidency or post death for his, for his empire and for his children. There seems to be some kind of deal somewhere. Again, I have no data on this. I've just been around. I feel like when you look at the streets, let's talk about the streets, right? And the gangs and they're out and they're all, all all killing each other.

1 (22m 11s):
And then eventually you see one gang member walk past another gang member and they don't kill each other. And you're like, Hmm, something's been talked about Now it was different before. And it just kind of feels that way to me. don don't know exactly what the deal is. I'm not even gonna say that. I blame the guy for taking it. Mm. But some kind of agreement's been made. I feel like

0 (22m 29s):
I feel the same. And I'm, I'm wondering If you do as well. Elon Musk seems a little bit different too. And I was, I will admit I was kind of all in on Elon Musk. Like I really thought and and I still give him tons of credit. Yeah. But he has fought a war people that few people will ever understand really what he went through to really rescue speech at a moment where it was to be Oh it over. Yeah. The darkening, it was over. If they had gotten Twitter, it would've been done. And we saw what was happening, obviously with all the covid stuff, taking videos down and people tell, talking about their own experiences with, with the shot. And then Elon Musk rescued Twitter and he went to war with that. I mean, you remember him on stage screaming at Bob, I think it was Bob Iger of Disney. Yeah. And saying, you are not gonna blackmail me and do all of these things. And now it seems, and I don't wanna say that he's been blackmailed at all, but I just feel like it's a different Elon.

0 (23m 14s):
And it could be what you're, what you're speaking about day in and day out there is going to be some sort of a fatigue that manifests of having to fight people with a tremendous amount of amount of power who do not let up one single day. Oh

1 (23m 26s):
They never let up. And, and you have to choose your enemies, right? And sometimes you have to do a deal with people who you perhaps don't even al always wanna do a deal with to survive. It's difficult. At the very, very top, we're talking about the highest possible echelons of power. And there's a lot of different interests coming your way. And you have to sit there and go, can I really war all of them? Or can I just ally with this one team? Which is unfortunate 'cause people who know what I'm talking about know what I'm talking about. It seems to be the same team every time. If I can just ally with this one team, I'm good against everything else. Right? And then people are are in sitting in a position and they're like, yeah, I guess I, I mean I wanna live and I want my children to live. And because it comes down to that don don't think many people realize how violent the world is. We live in a world now where we have all of these facades on top of violence.

1 (24m 9s):
But really the world is just guns and bullets and violence. That's the reality of the world. When we talk about something like a court case, what is a court case? Well, a court case is a piece of paper, but if there was no threat of violence behind it, I wouldn't go or no one would go. Right. You get a speeding ticket, you don't pay the ticket, they add more money, you don't pay it. They say, go to court. You don't go, they send another summons. You don't go. They send an officer, he says, come to court. You say, no violence. It's all just garbage on top of violence. And at the highest echelons of power, what they normally do is they skip all the garbage first. They'll sit down and say, look, you can do whatever. And you can be Mr. Smart ass, but it doesn't matter how much money you have or how powerful you believe you are, but let's kill people and you have children and they're gonna die. And I've been around. Now let, let's, let's talk about this professionally.

1 (24m 51s):
If I know drug gangs who do that over control of a street corner, you're telling me they're not gonna do that for control of the largest economies on the planet. You're telling me there's not gonna be a single conversation about the fact that your children are walking the street for the largest economies on the planet. It's, it's a very scary world. These these men live in and I feel like they've had to do a deal with certain interests to survive, unfortunately. And it kind of feels that way and it's scary. And then you end up looking at your own position and you're like, okay, well I do run my mouth a lot, but having a political view and having actual power are different things. These people have actual power to press buttons and those are the ones they have to keep, keep their finger on.

1 (25m 32s):
So it's, it's, it's, I don't wanna say anything bad about Youlan, I really agree with you. He truly save the world. But it's just a hypocrisy in so many people's views. you know, you, you talk, I talk to people and they're anti, let's say the UK right now with the locking down everybody for telling the truth about the immigration. And they, they understand that the native people of the UK want to keep their country British and they wanna protect it. And they completely understand that. But then they're against Gaza. And I'm like, to me it's, you either, you either believe in people's ancestral light to their homeland and to defend it or you don't. But people seem to always have this hypocrisy on certain issues. It's very interesting. Well,

0 (26m 6s):
That's psychology too. And I spoke that on my show, and obviously I've earned the full ire of the mainstream media and I don don't care because for me, and that offer was there, I mean it was very clear to me that this is the one issue If, you don't talk about, well you, you can maintain a comfortable life for you and your kids. But I just didn't like how many times I kept finding in the history of Israel and in the president of Israel defense for pedophiles, it just didn't work for me. Like, you know, that Zionists were so hardcore about Israel, were defending pedophilia. And I pressed an accidental button when I started speaking about Sigmund Freud. The Freud family is what created propaganda. you know, Edward Bernas, the Freud family is what created pr, the biggest PR firms in the world. And they just keep coming up with pedophilia scandals, Clement Freud, pedophile Sigmund, I mean a Sigmund Freud pedophile his father a pedophile, defending his friend William Fleece a pedophile.

0 (26m 52s):
And when you can then trace that, and it's funny you talk about the streets, these were people that were weapons dealers and drug dealers that then started Hollywood, right? They started Hollywood, Charlie Chaplin, a pedophile who was under one of their thumbs. And you start realizing when you speak to people in Hollywood and they start speaking about the fact that there's so much pedophilia that's always taken place throughout Hollywood from, from the twenties, which you could say was the golden age, that really Hollywood got established all the way through to now the A DL got started defending a pedophile. So to me, if this state is gonna be on the side of pedophilia and for whatever reason people keep turning the other cheek that everyone who supports this state like seems to be okay with the pedophile origins.

0 (27m 32s):
The ADLs now involved in our government. We know that a lot of these people in our government are being blackmailed. I wonder why I personally wanna hear my conspiracy theorist. I think pornography websites are basically, they're able to figure out what your demented interests are. So these people, they're making you more, I'll go more perverse, more and more perverse. Suddenly you're watching some weird stuff and then they got you watching some 12-year-old girl, whatever it is, boom. You're under their control. And I think this is what Jeffrey Epstein, all of this stuff is about getting men who would be in positions of power to acquiesce to some like pedophilic pornography and then they're under their control. I really believe that.

1 (28m 9s):
I think you're right. And there's two things I'm gonna say. First I'm gonna say they've checked my hard drives. And I love to say that to everybody who says, Andrew, you're human trafficker. They've literally checked my hard drives for the last four years. My hard drives has been checked. Check the hard drives of 99% of people in the mainstream go check their hard drives. Here we are four years into this human trafficking garbage. No one's even seen a video or a picture of a single woman claiming to be human trafficked. Right? It's completely insane. Secondly, you're right, there's also a psychological component, which I think is ties into the masculine, because men are built in a way where we like to show dominance and you show dominance in many different ways. But one of the ways you do it is by having access to things other people can't have access to. So. I feel like If. you get these losers and then you put 'em in a position of power for the first time in their life. And then you tell them that nobody's allowed to be a pedophile.

1 (28m 50s):
But you are. That actually makes it more tempting than it was before. Not because of the pedophilic interest, it's because they're allowed to do something others can't do. And that's a power ego trick, which the, which once again makes it more appealing. It's kind of interesting how the male mind will work, but I know If, you take a If, you take an idiot and you give him some power and say, you can do this, but no one else can. He's gonna be tempted by that thing no matter what it is. I mean, that's why men do a lot of things. That's the reason we buy fancy cars. Is it really the car or is it 'cause other people can't get it? That's the whole point. It's the peacocking. It's like, look what I can do. And amongst their perverse social circles, I guess it's a, it's a badge of honor to a degree. And then we're also gonna talk about the fact that a lot of these men are not particularly attractive and haven't been attractive their whole lives.

1 (29m 35s):
Like I have another theory, and once again I have no data at all to back this up, but I find it very interesting that it's western politicians, which are primarily caught up with these things primarily. you know, like you, you see a Russian billionaire, a Russian oligarch, whatever, and he has a wife and then he gets caught cheating with his girlfriend. He has some girlfriend somewhere. Cool. And then we'll be like, ah, that's terrible. That a, yeah, cool. That's terrible. Fine. But then what are the western politicians do? Like they walk around with Mike, sorry Michelle. They walk around with their wife and then they get caught on islands. So like, is that any better? Is

0 (30m 9s):
That worse? Well, why are Western than politicians gay? That's another thing. and that, and that is what kind of leads me to believe that a lot of these people are being blackmailed and that they're being selected for these positions. I mean, I Emmanuel Macron is a homosexual. There's no question about that. Zelensky is a homosexual. Yeah. You've got, I I was gonna say, I almost said Fidel Castro, Trudeau Fidel's son. You got Trudeau. He's a, a homosexual. Yeah. Barack Obama was a homosexual. Yeah. And then finally when we get in the west of president, who's definitely not a homosexual Donald Trump the entire, they just freak out. They completely lose their minds. This guy cannot be president and he is not allowed to be president because there's no aspect of the most extreme form of black male. Which is like, if we know that you have engaged in pedophilia, that you've been involved in any of these weird sexual scenarios, we can control you in office.

0 (30m 52s):
Yeah. And there's obviously the deep state thing is not a conspiracy theory, is part of the reason why they didn't want Tucker to conduct that interview with Putin. Because the, the first thing Putin said is like, you know, I don't deal with your president. I'm dealing with the cia. Yeah, right. that is the deep state. He's like, who do he mean?

1 (31m 5s):
The president? I've talked to him. Yeah,

0 (31m 7s):
Yeah. The CIA is is who's controlling your nations. Which means that our D democracy, the republic, it's, it's an illusion. Yep.

1 (31m 13s):
Oh, a hundred percent true. And when I say things, I don't, obviously exceptions disprove the rule. I talk into general, but in general it is the masculine which protects the society in general and in general feminine and more accepting of certain things. And gays are closer to the feminine. So we say that we have men in charge. None of these people you named are men. None of them are masculine. There's nothing masculine about them. The true masculine essence is being prepared to die on a hill. And the number one thing we died for to dawn of human time was our land and our women and our children. That's what we died for. And the reason we were prepared to die for them is because we know we could never be assimilated into another tribe. If there was another tribe on the other side of the hill. Even if they outnumbered us 10 to one, we knew that if they managed to get into the village, we were dead. Are the women can assimilate into their tribe.

1 (31m 54s):
'cause the women can join their tribe and have children. The women will be taken, we die. So we're prepared to fight. So the masculine essence truthfully is to be able to stand up against an army, you know, you can't beat and fight to the bare end. And that's why they don't want unmasculine in power because then they can't be influenced. We just talked about those shadow figures, making the phone calls. We don't want anyone who sends their like trumpet says, no, I don't care. That's not how this is gonna go. So they like weakness. So even the idea of having a man in charge, all these people we just named aren't men. They're homosexual, which brings 'em pretty much close to girls. And, and when I say girls, not in a negative, insulting way, I'm trying to explain the feminine mindset of we can assimilate with the enemy more than we must fight and die on this hill with the enemy.

1 (32m 35s):
And that's why they're doing it all. And you're right, it's, it's certainly a coincidence. And it's also an extremely interesting coincidence that, I mean, global homo LGBT, that is the culture of the west. Now. It's the number one thing. You can't insult, you can't go against, you can't degrade, you can't, you can't, you can burn an American flag before you can burn a pride flag. You'll catch a prison term for that. It's truly the new God. You can insult Jesus all day long. But you can't insult LGBT in a Christian country. And If, you look at any of the American embassies in all of their vassal states, the first thing they do is try and push this LGBT insanity. They try and push this global homo everywhere they can to erode the masculine spirit.

1 (33m 20s):
We talk about how the family's under attack and it certainly is, there's a lot of ways it's under attack. LGBT is one of them. It's one of the things they use. But I mean there's a million different ways they've destroyed the nucleus of the cell. I was having this conversation the other day. I was talking to somebody and we were saying, well we were talking about men dying on hills. Like I just said, it was after my Jesus protest after I protested because I was supposed to go to jail for that. 'cause I didn't have a license. I didn't have a permit to protest. I'm on judicial control. I'm supposed to get six months mandatory. So I said bye to everyone. Said to Tristan, ready for jail. Packed a bag, went there to go to jail. So I put me in jail for, for, for, for respecting. Jesus put me in jail. I dare you. And even they knew better than that. So they were just like, ah, please, please go home.

1 (34m 2s):
So they didn't put me in jail, but I was ready to do it. And I was talking about dying on a hill and I was talking to a girl and she's like, yeah, but you know, men aren't met anymore. And I said, but this is the thing that's so interesting, If, you actually analyze how they've destroyed society because you're right, men aren't meant anywhere more. But If you wanna talk about dying on hills. You don't just need rich men or famous men. You actually need the common man. You need every man. And most men in my position, especially financially, are not interested in getting in any kind of trouble. Right? We're interested in protecting our profits more than we are. They're protecting a particular street or a particular society or a particular ideal. Most of met people at my level of wealth just sell out and just bounce. So I'm like, you need the common man to be prepared to die on a hill. And that's why certain agendas, like when you talk about this LGBT stuff or when they talk about, or they show that If, you marry a woman and that woman betrays you and she wants the son's penis chopped off, then she's gonna win.

1 (34m 54s):
Or feminism or all these different things. I tried to explain to her that if a man doesn't feel like he's the king of his own household, why would he feel like he has any duty to protect anything? Right? So we don't even have common men with a woman having a family in a, in a society. And a man feels like he's ahead of the house and he feels like he has a duty to defend that house. Even the people who, the common man and the common one, when they are getting together, the man doesn't feel like he's the king of the house. So he doesn't feel like he has an obligation to protect it. And then there's a whole bunch of men, a large swath of the population who don't get any girls at all. And girls are just on social media trying to chase the top 5% of men who are only interested in protecting their profits and nothing else who are globalists anyway. 'cause they fly all around the world. And we look at western society as a whole. I was talking to this girl and she's like, yeah, have a men don't stick up for us.

1 (35m 35s):
I'm like, the man you need to stick up for you is the exact kind of man you ignore. You don't even reply to his messages. You want the guy over there at Anos who has no interest in anything but yacht fuel pricing. So like society's actually so truly broken that they've managed to just infiltrate it from every single level because the nucleus of the cell is damaged. And LGBT is another huge part of that, right? They, they are so desperate to prevent the idea of a man living, a woman having kids, and the man being the head of the house and the man being prepared to protect that house from all ideals. That's what they're scared of the most. Well

0 (36m 10s):
This is, this gets into why I think that they attacked you. It actually wasn't my idea. So I have to give credit here to Dave Smith 'cause he's, he's wonderful. And I had him on for a couple of hours last week and he introduced a fact to me and I've like, oh my gosh, this is totally why they attacked Donald Trump. It's why they attacked you. He was actually referring to David Duke and how there was this full media left and right attempt when he was running for governor to take him down and how somebody had written an article about how strange it was because they tried to say it was because he was in the KKK, but obviously people that were in the KKK just went on and became a Democrat party. Like nobody cared about that. Yeah. And actually what it was, was that he unexpectedly galvanized the populist, right. And he said it's the only thing that the establishment is actually really fearful of is people that for whatever reason are able to galvanize real men.

0 (36m 53s):
He's like, you know, the populist left, nobody cares. Like, you know, the blue hair, tattoos, skateboarders. But the populist right are people who know how to shoot, who know how to hunt and who will go to war for their families. Yeah. So any person that unexpectedly galvanizes men, men that like embody true natural masculinity is going to be attacked by the Matrix. I never understood why you were So it, it made no sense to me. It's like I met you with George Yeah. Years ago. And then suddenly I looked up and every single person was doing like an Andrew Tate is this video. And then I realized, oh, okay. After Dave Smith put that piece together for me, I'm like, he unexpectedly galvanized what would be the populist, right? You're talking about men returning to masculinity.

0 (37m 33s):
Yeah. You know. It doesn't matter what they say. You can be great. All of this stuff that cannot happen when they're trying to turn everyone into a homosexual because it's easier to subjugate homosexuals because You know homosexual men aren't gonna be an army of people that go and try to like grab their guns and take on the government. Well,

1 (37m 48s):
They're used to bending over. Yeah. So, I mean it's, it's what And that's what the government wants you to do. Right? They're used to bending over, in fact, they quite like it. Which is exactly what the government wants you to do. And, and no, I I think you're right. I I was fortunate or unfortunate enough to reach such a large subset of the population and I was making it clear that masculinity in some, on some level is saying no. That's what being a man is. Being a man is saying no, even If, you look at raising a child, right? It's the father who's typically the disciplinarian saying no. And they've tried to label that as hateful. They try and label you as hateful when you have standards. But truthfully, you love things, right? If, you love your family. You're, you hate everything that's against your family. There's no light without dark.

1 (38m 28s):
So they'll just say you're hateful because you're anti LGBT and you're anti whatever. But truthfully you love something else. And they try and miss that part out. And I managed to be massively successful, primarily also with young males, which they really got upset about because it was a con perfect storm that ended up putting me in jail. But I had all these young males following me and then I had my program that allowed them to make money and they start making more money than their teachers. And they're going to school saying, I don't need you anymore, and blah, blah blah. Then they were holding me accountable for absolutely everything anyone ever said. The number of articles that have been printed about me where they say some guy has done some heinous crime and he followed Andrew Tate on Twitter, 9.8 million people follow me on Twitter. Right. It's completely insane.

1 (39m 9s):
They try and tie these things to me. I have a strong suspicion Kir Starer is gonna come at me. I'll say it here first, that he's gonna try and say, I incited the riots for saying you should have a border. But that's what I think they're gonna try and do. Everything is automatically my fault. The matrix is just out to get me. There are people in rooms in three or four different countries who are just sitting there trying to find a way to put me in jail. It's kind of scary. But yeah, I guess there's no light without dark. You, you can't cast you, you can't shine bright without casting a shadow. And my basic message has always been, yeah, the true essence of masculinity, which is saying no and not being afraid to be that person in the room who disagrees with the 17 people. You know, that's, that's what it's truthfully about. and that's what they're scared of. And and they, they want you to instead bend over.

1 (39m 50s):
And I don't think many people at home actually understand how, you know, you see, you've been around, COVID was a perfect example, but there's a lot of examples of it. But when you've seen enough of life, you see how power corrupts people and how evil people can actually be. I think the large swath of the populace who are just slowly going along with all of this, they don't believe that people are inherently evil. They're like, oh well I'm not evil. And why would they do that? I heard that all the time. Why would they make us get an injection if it doesn't help us? Why would they, why would they? I don't think they understand the true dark hearts that come from a man who just wants to satisfy his ego. There are people out there who just like to laugh. They like to laugh at you wearing a mask and injecting yourself with poison. They thought it was funny.

1 (40m 31s):
And, and power absolutely corrupts we're run by these people in the world now. They're born into these families or they're so, they're so corrupted morally. But also financially, money's not even real. We talk about law things. People say, oh, it's all about the money. And I say, that is such an optimistic view that you believe it's all about the money because it's not about the money. It's about controlling people and it's about destroying their spirits. It's about destroying their souls. These people print money. Why do they need money? They print it. They don't have to make it. They just press a button. If, you think they're doing things for money, then you don't understand how deep the rabbit hole goes. They don't actually care about money, which is why they destroyed the whole economy in the first place. They don't care about money. What they care about is making you comply. For the same reason a loser becomes a police officer. They're bullies and they're cowards and they have no actual innate power and they're empty inside and they don't believe in anything.

1 (41m 16s):
And they want you to comply. They want you to obey. They wanna intimidate you. So they feel like they're something. That's why weak people in charge are so dangerous. 'cause we all see what they do once they're weak. I saw Keir Starr's stupid face put me in jail. I saw his stupid face standing up there. Oh, we're gonna arrest everyone. Trying to act like a tough guy. I saw the weakness in his eyes. I know what kind of person he is. He is not a good person. And he's saying the people of the UK are not allowed to point of view anymore. You're not allowed to speak full stai. It's incredible. It's actually quite scary.

0 (41m 44s):
Yeah. And and what's interesting too is there were a ton of studies done there at the, the globalists. Even at a certain point, and I am talking about the reason why Sigmund Freud, despite the fact that he was a pedophile and protected pedophiles is still taught in the classroom, is because he, he is sort of the father of psychology because he gave them this award and he was actually a Kabbalist And. so he worshiped the Jewish Kabbalah and the Zohar was his book And. so he basically trained and they ran these programs to even see how they could create a psychopath. Right. And how they figured out that they could create a psychopath was molestation was a component of this. Like molest them from the time that they're a child. Yeah. And So I don't think people understand that if a man was raped when he was a child Yeah.

0 (42m 28s):
And then was exposed to all of these other elements and then becomes a world leader. He has an element of psycho psychopathology that is, has been intentionally bred into him. Yep. And he has been. And he will do things in a way that you'll be shocked. People talked about how Emmanuel Macron during Covid, the French people were saying like they realized he was a psychopath. Yep. Like there was something he was getting like there was a sadistic element in Oh they love it. Nurturing. Oh they love it. People in a way. Yep. That for example, If, you had a woman with a family. It's just why even saying like women should have families before you allow them to go climb a ladder. They are moving these aspects that are natural where you're going, oh, maybe I shouldn't torture these people and let these people die alone. Well, these leaders don't think that way. Like you have to confront the actual evil that we are facing.

0 (43m 10s):
Like this is a cult of people and they are literally deriving pleasure from your pain.

1 (43m 16s):
Well, we, let's talk about a historical, let's use some historical context. We're in the country of Romania. So Dracula is based here in Transylvania. Dracula's based on vla, the Impaler, which was a man who had a castle about three hours from here. And he was famous for impaling people. He put a spike up one hole and out the other and he'd impale him and stick 'em out on the streets. And what he was doing is when he was fighting the Ottomans, every time he'd kill an Altman, he'd impale 'em. But the Altman army outnumbered his six seven to one. So he decided to try and scare them. So he went into local villages of his own people and impaled them and just stuck them on sticks and just put 'em all along the road. So when the ottoman started marching, they'd march for hours seeing all these impaled people. He impaled people and chose impalment and got pleasure from impaling people because he was molested as child.

1 (43m 58s):
'cause he 'cause the ottomans when they got hold of him, sodomized him. So when he became the leader, he thought, ah, I'll show you all a lesson. And he and he impaled everybody. Absolutely. That was his thing. Yeah. So that, exactly what you just said, exactly what you just said. These people are morally corrupted and If, you sit there and think that these leaders have any interest at all in you. you know, it's kinda interesting to me. People always say, ah, the politicians are so stupid. And once again, that's a very optimistic view. They're not stupid. They know what they're doing. And you are confused and you think they're stupid because you think they work for you. You think, ah, I hired the pol. I hired the politician, the politician's, my representative, and he's gonna go there to represent my interests. And when he doesn't represent your interest, you think he's dumb.

1 (44m 39s):
No, he works for someone else. He uses this whole, you can vote for me, democracy garbage to allow you to put hi, to allow you to, to, to accept him. Sitting up there and doing the opposite of absolutely everything you've ever asked for. There's not a single politician doing anything any of their people have ever asked for nearly ever in the west. They work for someone else. They work for shadow lobbies and hidden interests and big money and banks. And they work for a completely different team. They're doing the exact right votes. They're voting exactly how they're supposed to. They know they're doing their job fantastically. Your confusion is you believe they give a shit about you and they never have. And they don't. And we could talk about all of this, like I said philosophically, but it's very interesting because the world is cyclical. Everything goes around in circles.

1 (45m 20s):
you know, you have an em, you have a king who's in charge of his empire. And after a while the king son is, he's still a good king, but he is not as good. And then the next king's son has just been too spoiled and everything becomes decadent and you don't want them to be king anymore. And there's a revolution and you fight for democracy. And then democracy comes and there's a fantastic democracy at the beginning. And everybody cares. you know, three or four generations later, everyone's just robbing and stealing as much as they can. And nobody cares about the population anymore. And now you have people inside of America who would very happily put Trump as king for the rest of his life and put his son in charge. And then to go back to royalty, it's like the world is cyclical and nothing lasts forever. And when I talk to Americans, especially, they don't have this concept that America can fall.

1 (46m 1s):
They're like, oh, but, but what will happen to America? Like it's gonna fall. Like, what do you mean it's gonna fall? Nothing lasts forever. If, you lived in Rome and you had these beautiful coliseums and these marble arches, and you're wearing your robe and you had all your slaves and you're eating grapes. You can't ever imagine it on fire. One day, one day you woke up and you looked out at Rome and you were like, no way. This is the world. This is the civilized world. This is Rome. There's nowhere else still burnt down. That's what happens with decadence over time. And everyone talks about the com, the fall of Rome, and we compare it to the fall of the West. And I mean, there's a lot of similarities. The fact that the, the native men grew decadent. They didn't want to go to war, they didn't wanna protect it anymore.

1 (46m 42s):
They decided to open the gates to the barbarians instead to prevent them from setting everything on fire. They said, y'all, you can come be Roman. They came in, we're dissatisfied with what they have. And before, you know, there's an internal rebellion and everything burned. And it's, it's, it's really interesting to watch America as it is now. And the answer to all of these things, I mean, it starts, it starts with masculinity at home. But I think the reason they actually fear Trump so heavily is not because he's gonna make any large policy changes, because they still have their fingers on all of the strings. And even if he makes a change, they can change it right back. They're scared of the culture shift. They're scared of Trump winning because it's gonna inspire men to be more masculine. And that's what they're actually afraid of, right? They're afraid of a, a big man, being a big man.

1 (47m 23s):
They're afraid of him standing up and saying things. you know, they are furious. This report or you named who, I don't even know who she is. That's how insignificant she is. People like them can't stand the fact that when he says grab her by the, we're like, So.

0 (47m 39s):
I literally couldn't have cared less about that. Yeah. So like, this is like locker room talk.

1 (47m 42s):
Who cares? Yeah, who cares? Cares. I'd be like, what do you mean you don't care? It's like, I don't care.

0 (47m 47s):
Okay. I hate to interrupt again, but I have to tell you guys about American. Financing I know the stress, the economic stress that so many people are going through right now, feeling like you are constantly having to put your expenses on a credit card, which obviously only increases the stress because you're trying to find a way out of the never ending cycle of debt. Well, here's something you can do. You can call my friends at American Financing. They're helping people just like you turn things around by using the equity in their homes to pay off high interest debt. They understand what you're going through and they talk to people in your position every single day. American Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month, which when you total it comes to effectively a $10,000 a year raise.

0 (48m 27s):
And If, you wanna get started, you may not even have to pay next month's mortgage payment. If, you call them today. There is no better time than right now to turn your situation around. So call 8 7 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens.

1 (48m 50s):
You know what's really interesting about American elections? I've always found this interesting because I watch all the rigged elections all around the globe and they're all rigged. But the American election's very interesting one because it's the only election I've ever seen in the world where everyone is obsessed with killing their own children. There's no other election I've ever seen this, I've never seen the French talk about it. I don't see the British talk about it. It's not even on the agenda. And I was talking to somebody who I'm actually quite personally close with, and they were a Joe Biden supporter, and they now admit that Joe Biden was corrupt. And they admit that Covid was wrong. And they admit the vaccine's poison. They admit all of these things. I'm like, so you're voting Trump? And she's like, ah, but I can't vote Trump 'cause of Roe versus Wade. I was like, listen, we're talking about World War iii, Israel, Lebanon, Gaza, Iran, world War iii, Russia, Ukraine.

1 (49m 31s):
We're talking about inflation. Nobody can even pay their bills. Talk about an open border where thousands of people without passports are parading across the border, blood on the streets, drugs on the street. Don't you think there's more important things that which week you can kill your own child? How stupid are you? The fact these people even exist shows that it's almost over for the West. The fact there are people who still believe that com, Kamala is gonna somehow be a good leader. There should, it should be 99% Trump. The fact that even 30% who are these humans name? One time she stood up and said how she's gonna fix a single problem. I'd love to sit with her and say, Kamala, okay, I'm gonna give you a fair shot, never met you before.

1 (50m 12s):
Please explain an issue and explain to me your compendious plan of how you're going to fix that issue. Right? In two minutes, go, inflation's bad. We know how you can fix it. We need more money. Yeah. We know how you can fix it. She can't even answer a question. And there's people out there sitting there going, yeah, she's good. Why is she good? Well, she's a woman, bro. It is so over, it's so incredible. It's like, it's incredible how just psyop people can be. It's scary. Well

0 (50m 42s):
That, that, that stuff is what's brought in the classrooms. And that's why I really do believe, well, there's no question. Like our, our education system, even from kindergarten, was established by communists. Like they, we had this huge influx of people. It's actually a really important time in in world history for people to realize the 1848 or so to speak, they tried to to overthrow what today is Germany. And it failed. And then a bunch of them who tried to overthrow the government came to America and they went on to become Pfizer people who instituted kindergarten. Yeah. And I think that really when our government got completely taken over, like McCarthy was actually a hero saying like, commies are are here. Yeah. We're taught in the classroom that he was like this paranoid person. No, he was trying to save America. Yeah. America died the day they shot JFK. The last, yeah.

0 (51m 22s):
Catholic president shot in broad daylight by the deep state. They took over because he was gonna shatter it. He had realized, yeah, that the communes were in control. I mean, the ccia A doesn't represent American interest at all. Like they're, they're all about just subjugating the world. They're global. Global elites. Yeah. I think the ccia and the Massaad are the exact same organization. Yeah. But it's fascinating to see that you do see these, this recurrence of people that are repeating things that they've learned in the classroom over and over again. Feminism is implemented in the American mindset for women from, I mean, from the time we are in grade school, from the time, I mean even little projects they're doing, like to try to basically let them know that the most important thing is standing up for female rights, And. so there are these like childhood traumas that they hit on when they say like, oh, abortion. And you're like, oh. And in high school I was taught like, you know, that if I, if don don't fight about this issue and we give, the state's gonna control my body, it's completely made up.

0 (52m 8s):
And it's a nonsense. But it's psychological conditioning that's hard to break because it happens when you're a child. And the same way that those studies proved, you molest a kid then for life. You can kind of create this person into a psychopath. And you will see that there is a thread between men that have been molested and they do become psychopaths. Like, I mean, and they hate in a way that doesn't make sense to most people. And it's the same thing for these women. Like these feminists don't even realize. It's like a childhood trauma. They made you watch some movie in health class and told you that your rights are gonna be taken away unless you're allowed to kill your baby. All the, it's a nonsense. It's insane,

1 (52m 37s):
Bro. The state's. but they believe it. The state, the state's gonna control your body, but they'll get the injections. Same people will get all the vaccine injections. When you talk about t controlling your body, you're right, it's a, it's a massive logic fail. And I mean like I said, misogynist, blah, blah. But feminism's one of the most destructive mindsets they've installed in the entire population because feminism prevents birth rates. And I mean, you can argue about a hundred different things, but you'd like to agree that If, you have a population, the population needs to sustain itself at least, right? You'd say If, you have a a thousand people and you want to have a civilization of a thousand people in 200 years from then they need to have children. We could all agree that population's important, right? Feminism is extremely destructive to that. It's destructive because it makes the women not want to have kids.

1 (53m 17s):
But more importantly, it makes men not wanna have kids with the feminists. I, you can't tolerate them. They're intolerable people. They're the worst possible people. I think men build and protect society. We're certainly building it. We're failing to protect it. But women have the magic, women have the ability to reproduce and birth rates are falling. It's kinda interesting. You look at why the borders are open or why all these people are flooding into the nation, which is thinning the culture. We'll talk about that in a second. But I guess from a macro and a micro, you look at things differently. Like If, you look at these two cups close up, you can see they're very different things. But If, you look at 'em from space, they're just two cups. And I think the people who are in charge of the world are saying, okay, well birth rates have been decimated. That's being done. You could argue purposefully because they want to get rid of, we talk about the white replacement.

1 (54m 0s):
don don't think it's so much about white people. I think it's about entitled people. I think they don't like that the average westerner now wants medical care and sick pay and holidays and they don't want any of this. They want to get rid of all the people who have standards for themselves and their quality of life. And they wanna replace them with second world and third world slaves who will just work endlessly. That's what the globalists want. So they're trying to remove by destroying the, the birth rates of the native populations because they have standards for themselves and they're trying to replace 'em with people who they believe will just do endless work forever. Turns out that's not the case. A lot of them don't even work at all. But from the macro, it's just person, person to them, they're the same. If you're living inside of that society, you understand it's not the case. You can be a Christian from a particular area or a particular ethnicity and your town's always been a certain way.

1 (54m 45s):
And you have someone come in from a completely other side of the world with a completely different mindset, completely different view on society and how they should function. And your society's being degraded. But what's the answer to these things? Well, the answer to these things are women need to have children. If women won't have children, it's over. I put a tweet up that really pissed off white people. I don dunno, If. you saw it. They got really mad. It went super viral. I'll send it to you. And I was saying to the white people that it's over. I was saying the white race and all you Christian crusaders and white people and everyone who's sitting up and talking about how important it's, you need to restore the west to Christianity in his white ethno, ethnostate and Nick Fuentes and all these people. And Nick, who I actually agree with along a lot of things, if you're not having kids, you don't have a future. If you're not having children, you don't have a future.

1 (55m 25s):
That's the bottom line of it. Right? So we, we, they talk and they insult these immigrants, which I completely understand why they do it. And they're like, we're gonna have mass deportations, which is a fantasy. And they're saying, we're gonna keep our countries for us. No, you're not. Because an immigrant turns up and has seven, eight children, you're paying for it with your taxes and you can't convince your wife to have more than one because she wants Chanel bags. Well then, then how do, you're gonna have a future, right? You can argue whether it's the weakness of the man, don don't know if it's the weakness of the man or if it's the feminism that's inside of the woman. don don't know what it is. But I even just started doing this experiment when I wrote that tweet out, I was like, how many white families, pure white families do I know outside of the Mormons? They do all right.

1 (56m 6s):
That have more than two or three kids. There's hardly any. So you could talk about the replacement of white nations. Yeah, it's happening because there's no native birth rate. And that's down to feminism. And that's down to this whole gender dynamic being broken. It's,

0 (56m 17s):
Well, they're also trying to convince women to act like men and for men to act like women. I mean, even straight men are homosexual And. so that's, that's how I feel. Even men that are straight, I'm like, but you act like a homosexual. And it was, it was one of those things that people were asking me, you know, I, I didn't actually feel like, and this is kind of surprising 'cause it was the UK that I even met real men until I went to the uk. Like there's like, it was very hard for me in America. I I will say like I was in New York City, so there's obviously homosexual, straight men, you know what I'm saying here? Yeah. And then I get to the UK and then I meet my husband and like he hunts, he shoots, yeah. He knows how to skin an animal. And I'm like, okay, that's what I want. Like I want a masculine man. Yeah. And. so it's interesting because you've sort of, you and your brother have opened up this debate in America about what is true masculinity.

0 (56m 59s):
Right? This is the argument. They're not truly masculine. Like you don't, you shouldn't follow that like what's truly masculine and they'll, and that you ask. Okay then what is your prototype? Tell me who is who we should be following if it's not the tape brothers. Yeah. What is real masculinity? I've asked this question before and I've gotten some answers. Answers people, some people will say, you know, well I Jordan Peterson, is it better example of masculinity? you know, And? so your idea is that people that have philosophy and talk about masculinity is true masculinity. If a war came tomorrow, just post like the, just asking this question by the way. I'm not, maybe the answer is yes. I don't know. Do you think that like Jordan Peterson has the skills? If if everything's taken away and you're in the wilderness? This how I think Yeah. My husband and me or surviving. Yep. We are surviving in the wilderness.

0 (57m 39s):
Yep. And you are not because you are now married to a straight homosexual. Yep. you know, no. Who, like, he's straight, but he's also a homosexual. Oh,

1 (57m 48s):
You nailed it. They're they're all gay. Everyone's gay. Yeah. No, you literally nailed it. I had this conversation with someone the other day. I was talking to some guy and I was saying that I don't trust a female pilot. And he said, why? I said, it's not 'cause of I'm misogynist. Just 'cause I think men are calmer under pressure. Yes. Men are calmer under pressure. And he goes, why do you think that? He's like, why are you pretending? You're confused as to why I think that haven't you gone through life and ever just seen a high pressure environment? Or is it just me when I've been in high pressure environments and I see women, they're not built for it. They're not sponge to me unless

0 (58m 18s):
It's kids, then it's the exact flip.

1 (58m 19s):
Yeah. Well then they're ready

0 (58m 20s):
Kid And, something happens with the kids. Yes. Yeah. And then suddenly like, I'm like, George's just like, I don't, he's crying. I can't focus. I'm like, what do you mean he's crying? Like that's like I can do 20 things at once with children. Yeah. And you're like, oh, biology is real. Like we have these natural proclivities and they're real

1 (58m 33s):
A hundred percent a a absolutely true. And you're right. And and there's men. I find it extremely weird that you see these men who are begging for a female president. I mean, you just, it it just feels gay. It's gay, it's gay. Very gay. I want a woman to be my boss. Like, it's just gay. It's just gay I, don I, don Dunno what else to say. It's so weird. These people, and you're right, they often say, oh Andrew, you're not masculine because you know you're insecure. And I say, well, why am I insecure? Well, why do you have all those cars? 'cause I'm rich. Yeah, but why do you need to show off all those cars? It, it's kind of interesting, like the modern world was built by men trying to prove their capabilities and prove they could do things. That's what the whole world is. That's all it's ever been.

1 (59m 13s):
We've now come along with this whole global homo bullshit trying to convince you that a real man is so secure in himself. He lets his wife get, yeah, okay, great. That's a real man. But truthfully, the real men were, I'm gonna go over and try and cra cross Antarctica by foot. 'cause no one's done it. Well that doesn't make sense. You'll freeze to death Maybe, but I might do it. Right. So why do men ha why are we in skyscrapers? Why are we going to Mars? Why do men buy expensive things? Why do we do hard things? That's what masculinity has always been. That's how the world was built. But now they're gonna come along and say, no, that's not masculinity. Masculinity is not trying to be the best version of yourself and proving to the world that you can do what others can't do. The reason I bought 65 cars is I can put 'em in a row and it looks funny.

1 (59m 54s):
Haha. Look, I can peacock look what I can do. Ha That's it. It doesn't have to go any deeper. Now. I don't have to drive 'em, I can't even name most of them. But they're now convinced you that true masculines is being so sure within yourself that you don't have to prove anything to anybody. Well, If you don't have to prove anything to anybody, then you don't have any capability. So you're actually a useless idiot. And If, you're gonna sit there and be so arrogant that you believe you have no duty to the society or to your woman or to your ancestors. And you can just be secure in yourself. And I don't need to prove myself to nobody and I'm just secure in myself. Well, you're one of the sheep being led to the slaughter. 'cause you have absolutely no capabilities whatsoever. They'll say a real man, I you got on arguments on Paul all the time. They say a real man secure and lets his girl have male friends.

1 (1h 0m 36s):
I'm like, there's a male friend line. Sure there's a line. Hi. Hi. How are you? Boom, boom. If if my girl's going out on dates with some dude, like this is clown world. No, it's peak clown world. And and there are men who buy into this psyop. And it's kind of interesting when, 'cause I, the, one of the most common questions I get asked is, Andrew, why do you still talk? Why don't you just shut up and disappear? And it's like, well, you have two choices. You either fight against this programming that's out there, or I guess to a degree you accept it. And then you have a new internal fight because your house is a mess because your woman doesn't respect you and you're depressed and sad and you have some mental condition. You've decided you have OCD or a DHD or some garbage you saw on the TV once. And you either fight internal war or you fight a war against the external.

1 (1h 1m 18s):
Because this is really crazy what they're trying to implement. And I like the question you asked, like, what is a man? Truthfully a man i, i I believe is being able to do the things that are hard or do things you don't want to do because you're supposed to do them. I think that's what a man's always been. A man is supposed to be strong. He needs to be strong. So he has to become strong. That's his job. A man is supposed to be brave. It's not that you can't feel fear, it's that you have to be brave. Oh, an attacker's here, I'm afraid, but I'm a man. So, I will go and engage the attacker. It is my job. And now we're teaching men, ah, you don't have to do what you don't feel like doing. You can do what you do feel like doing. And they somehow think that this is dismantling toxic masculinity when in fact it's actually doing the opposite.

1 (1h 2m 0s):
Because men are born with an innate propensity for violence. And then you have men who rape and kill and murder and school shooters. When you tell men to act out their feelings, you have some little idiot who's been on drugs his whole life for some imaginary mental condition. This is why you get school shooters in the first place. You should be being taught stoicism not this garbage. So yeah. No one could even answer what a man is.

0 (1h 2m 20s):
They need to be aggressive. I see this, I I now have two sons. My son, he, he wants to go to war. He wants to be a Spartan. Yeah. He wants us to send him into the wilderness. Yeah. And he's gonna come back in two weeks, like the beginning of the movie, 300 You know and see if he survives. I'm like, okay, this is innate. He wakes up, he grabs the sword. Him and my and my husband just instantly go at it, you know? Yeah. And I'm like, dude, please just come to me If you wanna hug? Like, I just don't, I don't wanna fight. Yeah. don don't wanna say to you, I don't wanna wake up and grab swords and fight you. Yeah, yeah. Come to mommy when you need love. And when he's sick, he comes to mommy. Yeah. Yeah. You know. But when he is feeling good, he wants nothing to do with mommy. He wants to go fight. He's like, he wakes up and he goes, where's my father? And he's holding a sword, you know? And I'm like, think he's in there. Yeah. Yeah. You know what I mean? And that's beautiful and people wanna suppress that. Yeah. you know, and, and and you Well, they fear it.

0 (1h 3m 2s):
They fear it. Yes. And they wanna suppress that aggression. That natural aggression. I'm like, no. Like You know. You want to curate that in a way that Yes, if something happens to this family, yeah. I wanna make sure that everyone can de defend this family in the right way. My job is to take care of the children. Like it is, it is my husband's job to be able to go out and hunt and shoot and fish and do all the things that he does with, you know, with his guy friends when they go on these trips and go hunting like they need to be able to survive in the wilderness. And now we've created these straight homos. Yeah. Who are like, well I read the New York Times every day and I'm so, so I'm quite educated on this topic of vaccine. So I can keep my family safe from the invisible virus.

1 (1h 3m 39s):
Well, well this is the thing where everything goes back to the propensity for violence. Right. So, I. You sit and you talk to these people who, these straight homos who say, I read the New York Times every day. And I sit there and I look at them and I just think if I grabbed you by your neck, you know, I say it in my videos, I grab you by your throat. I say it, but I mean it. Yeah. I mean, it, it doesn't matter. The bottom line is, is violence. The bottom line is how capable you are defending yourself and the people you care about. That's the bottom line of masculinity. What's crazy is in the West especially, is we're importing all these people who understand this. Right. We are importing a whole bunch of people who grew up in a very violent world and they understand that violence is a solution to problems sometimes. And they understand they may get caught, but they might not.

1 (1h 4m 20s):
Right. And, and we're raising a native population of men who believe violence is never the answer. and that violence doesn't exist. They're pacifists. They don't believe in violence. Oh, you don't believe in violence. So if I break into your house, you don't believe in violence or you do believe in violence, you just want the police to be violent for you. 'cause you're a, so you believe in it. Just the same 'cause you'll call the cops if you'd ever call the cops. You believe in violence because you just wanna do it by proxy. So everyone believes in violence. They just wanna be detached from it. We wanna pretend we live in a world where violence isn't real. Violence is the underpinning of absolutely everything. And I don't think many people also understand that large, large wars often bring a period of peace. Most people seem to understand that you just have World War ii and then there's peace that comes afterwards.

1 (1h 5m 1s):
Although that's arguable because the American military industrial complex has been in war ever since World War ii. Nobody talks about, they had World War ii and everyone talks about that one. Then there's forgotten war in Korea, then you go Vietnam and then you got the first Gulf War. They never stopped going to war. They've been at war permanently the whole time. Which is why they had to delink the dollar from gold because everyone worked out, they were printing too many dollars, blah, blah, blah. But large periods of peace also bring war. There's it's cyclical If. you have a large war that brings about the population's desire for peace. Well the reason there's a big desire for peace is because the materials have been depleted and the manpower's been depleted and the people are tired, of course. But then If, you have a long period of peace. You start to replenish your manpower and you start to replenish your materials.

1 (1h 5m 43s):
And then the other countries around you start to do the same thing. So you try to implement trade deals or some kind of black ops, or you try and sabotage X, Y, Z. So your country does better to make sure that you maintain hegemony over that scenario. And over time, if it's too peaceful, it's like a pressure cooker is gonna blow up. We have men now living in these peaceful I, don, even though I wouldn't even call 'em peaceful anymore times, thinking that war isn't coming or that there's not gonna be some degree of, there's gonna be a day where you're gonna have to wake up and go uhoh. Today's the day. Right. And even if it's not physical, it certainly is. It certainly is spiritual what we're doing now. You're cer it's certainly already D-Day. Spiritually. When I saw here in Romania, the most Christian nation in, in, in, in Europe, the most Christian nation in the world, that the government, 'cause they're an America Cup, effectively wouldn't give permit protests, protest permits to Christians after what France did.

1 (1h 6m 38s):
They wouldn't give the permits for some reason. Or they delayed it. They said, yeah, take a few months. No one will care in a few months. They know that I had to go stand out there. Right. I was amazed there weren't more people out there. But this is now, we're already at D-Day where you have to be prepared to sacrifice yourself at least spiritually. At least for what you, at least for what you believe. And I guess the alternative is just to go to bed at night and feel like a coward. I dunno, I maybe for some men that's better to just look in the mirror and know they were a, ah, at least I'm not in jail. I would be sleeping perfectly fine in jail right now. 'cause I know I went for the right reason. I'd be sleeping fine. Right. So it's, it's truly incredible.

1 (1h 7m 18s):
You're right. These, these straight gay men who have this very strange view on the world where they've tried to redefine masculinity and take it away from what it truly is. Because truly masculinity is the ability to say no. And if you're gonna say no, you have to defend your ability to say no. That that's it. You can't say no If. you don't defend it. Right, right. No, you can't come here. Well, we're coming anyway. Now it's fight. Right. It's kind of interesting. There's, I've seen some things on the internet where they say, do men really look at each other and think about fighting each other all the time? No, not really. No. But if I walk in a room and there's seven or eight men my size, it does cross my mind like, do I know who they are? Right. It's just like, 'cause we live in that world. Right. But all these men who can't defend the ability to say no now find themselves in this weird quagmire where they're like, well I can't really say no to anything 'cause I can't defend it.

1 (1h 8m 3s):
So I'm gonna have to say yes to everything. Like a but I need to find a way to look like I'm somehow important and masculine. So let me put a a a feather in my ear, in my ear ring and, and read the New York Times. And half

0 (1h 8m 15s):
Of these people I, I can beat up. Which is the problem. But this is, this is a true story you're gonna love is is it actually made me think about just exactly what you're talking about when we talk about these straight homos. I was at a restaurant the other day with children. Okay. I'm sitting with children having pizza this another gay Zionist, but out of nowhere pretends to be a fan and then gets in my face with the camera and starts calling me an antisemite If. you wanna see me? I've, I have pledged on this show. The only time I will ever get arrested is If. you come up to me when I'm with kids. Yeah. that is mama bear. that is like, mama bear takes out the papa bear when you're with kids.

1 (1h 8m 45s):
Hundred percent.

0 (1h 8m 46s):
Hundred percent And. so once I got someone to just like, move the children I went up to, he's with his wife. Okay. He wife allowed him to do this. If my husband ever went up to a wife and chil like a woman and children and he thought he was six three gets my

1 (1h 8m 59s):
Morally

0 (1h 8m 60s):
Corrupt. Yeah. I got So I think he started realizing like I was gonna fight him. Like I was literally just like, do you understand? Like, I was so close to his face. I was like, you are a coward. Yeah. You are pathetic. I was like, I looked at his sons, I said, you should be ashamed of this. This is the opposite of what a man is. Yeah. His job instinct should be when he sees a woman and children to protect it. A hundred percent. I go, your your, your father reads the New York Times thinks everything of the New York Times tells him is real. And he suddenly got like, you know, very kind of intimidated. I said, post the picture. Yeah. Post the, the video that you shot up me. 'cause I'm gonna make you as famous as as you want to be. Yeah. Still has not been posted. Yeah. Please. If, you are watching Post it. Like thi this straight homo needs to become famous. And I said to his wife, you should be ashamed. you know, you think this is a man to come up to children and a woman because you read something in the New York Times that told you Candace was an anti-Semite because she doesn't support BB net and Yahoo blowing children to smithereens like that.

0 (1h 9m 47s):
that is your worldview Now that I i this means I hate all Jews. Like it's, it's such a nonsense. But this is the average man now where I was like, he needs to understand like he, this man needs to have his ass beat. And I say that in the most honest sense. Like, you should be required as a man to be in a fight. Yeah. Like, because it, it changes something within you a hundred percent because you think you're fighting a tough battle because you're walking up to a woman and children to talk about BB net to

1 (1h 10m 12s):
Defend the New York Times. Yeah.

0 (1h 10m 14s):
It's like you're a straight homo

1 (1h 10m 15s):
Bro. Yeah. A hundred percent straight, straight homo. It's it's clown world. You know. It's funny, this reminds me of this story. I haven't told this story, but he

0 (1h 10m 21s):
Would've never done that if it was you sitting with Oh, never,

1 (1h 10m 22s):
Never, never in a million years.

0 (1h 10m 24s):
Because he would've realized Right then we're fighting. Yeah. Right now.

1 (1h 10m 27s):
That's right. That's right. That's right. you know, it's interesting. I have for the most hated man in the world. I have truly in life never had up until this story. I'm about to tell a negative interaction with anybody. Everybody comes up to me and they're a fan. Or if anyone dislikes me, they don't really say anything. I've never had a negative, negative interaction with anybody until about three weeks ago. It was during the World Cup and there was an England game. We were watching it here in book rest in like a public area. And there was some American girl and I went toilet. And on the way out the toilet, she filmed me on TikTok and said human trafficker on TikTok. And I stopped and I turned around and I saw her and she kind of put her phone away. And I was like, but did you say that? She goes, no.

1 (1h 11m 7s):
She's like, you just film me, said I'm a human trafficker. She goes, no. I like, okay. So anyway, I went, I walked, went right up to her. I walked up to to her and said, If, you think I'm a human trafficker. You're allowed to say it. You're a girl. I'm not gonna hate you. But If, you think I'm a human trafficker. You're allowed to say it. I'm just saying, why would you film it and then deny saying it? You don't know my story. I'm happy to tell you If, you care. I don't know your story. Why did you film that? Why did you say that? And she's sitting there with her man and a man goes, oh, I don't think this is necessary. I said, my friend, you're a man. I will kill you. And I turned back to his girl and he just sat there and never said another word. He just sat there while I berated his woman. Yeah. Then I went back downstairs, I saw them arguing and then they left. Right.

1 (1h 11m 48s):
So she, I guess she got in an argument with her man for not defending her, but the man understood, I can't, I can't fight. What can I do? Like what are you doing? What do you do? Yeah, that's right. Another straight homo and some silly woman. But it was interesting, interesting dynamic. But when you say you want a man who will defend you completely. Right. Even her as stupid as she is, and even her loser man, she expected, it's like expectation you have And then the, the card got pulled and I guess he changed his mind, so,

0 (1h 12m 14s):
Right. Exactly. And he, and he probably wasn't happy that she did it. you know, of

1 (1h 12m 17s):
Course something course could. Well, well that's it. Right? Because he's like, now why have you put me in a position where I have to die over your stupid TikTok? Yeah. Completely. Right. But these straight homos, it's very interesting. I love the point you just made about how he feels like he's defending society. Has to, to would Israel give a shit about him. It's, it's really incredible. It's really incredible how people will get pulled into PSYOPs of things that don't even matter. Right. There are so many things in the world that matter today. If, if anxiousness was a disease or If, you could feel like panic attacks were real, which I don't believe they are. Sometimes after a day of work, I feel like this world is a mess. Sometimes after a day of scrolling Twitter and seeing everything happening, you're a bit like uneasy.

1 (1h 12m 56s):
You're like, how do I sleep now? What am I supposed to do? How do I prepare for these things? And I guess I'm one of the most equipped people on the planet because I'm fortunate enough to have a bunch of passports and a bunch of money. Most people don't even have that. And it's, it's really crazy that with all of this going on, all the things people should have a vested interest in, they can get oped and distracted into some complete bullshit. you know, like LGBT rights. Cool. They already have rights. What, why would you go March for, for what? How much further are we gonna push this buck down the road? What's next? Well, we know what next is, is children pedophilia. Yeah, of course. And they need children because they haven't, they can't reproduce on their own.

1 (1h 13m 38s):
And they need your kids. They need your kids. So the plan from the beginning has been go after the straight people's kids so they have a future. Right. Funny how they understand population dynamics and reproduction. you know, more than the straight women seem to anymore. But there are straight people who will sit there and go, yeah, I believe they, we should support their rights. Like what, well, what planet are you? They're just scared to say no 'cause they're scared to have to defend their position. and that, that study you mentioned is, is explains so much of the world. It's crazy.

Nimi Skincare (1h 14m 8s):
Alright, Right guys, I'm interrupting again. Don't kill me, but come on. We Gotta talk about skincare. You guys know the brand that I love. They also support this show. I would never send people astray when it comes to skincare 'cause I care deeply about my skin. It's why I use Nimi Skincare. They are amazing. Their products are impressive. They are so clean. Nimi has everything that you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse, brighten, protect, and help fight the key signs of aging. You're gonna absolutely love their charcoal skincare mask. That's excellent. I also love their vitamin C face wash. It all smells amazing. And they keep their products very clean, which is important to me. They stand up for American values. It is built in America. The products are assembled here in America. Despite the fact that Nimi Skincare is luxury. The prices are affordable because they have cut out the middleman, which is what I think everybody needs right now. We don't need to be paying extra on these products. I also love them because they are Christian led and you know that that is incredibly important to me. As we are working with advertisers. We wanna know what their actual morals are, what they believe in to make sure that we are sending people to people that will do good in this actual world. So you can sign up right now@nimiskincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine. And you'll also save an additional 5% If. you use code CANDACE at checkout. Use that promote code CANDACE at checkout If, you're not sure where to start. You can take their skincare quiz to find out what would be the perfect routine for your skin type. Again, that's nimi skincare.com. That's spelled NIMI skincare.com And use code Candace at checkout to save an additional 5%.

0 (1h 15m 44s):
Yeah, and you're exactly right. It's just we, we've lost traditional masculinity And. so when people create that dynamic, when they're like, well this is what it actually is. Every person that they present being a truer example of masculinity. I just, I encourage that. I push back on that, which is just like, if this was a time of war Yeah. Who would you want, like the natural order of things is like men need to be

1 (1h 16m 4s):
Mastered. Or if they call the cops, right? When you call the cops, what kind of man do you want? Right. Do you, do you want a man who turns up, who's big and burly is gonna take, who's gonna take action and and tackle someone to the ground and make affirmative decisions? Or do you want someone who's gonna sit there and philosophize over? Maybe he is not even a criminal. Maybe what, which, what is a man like when, when, when is the fan feminism disappears instantly. It always does. Right? So all of it is just built inside of the society. A lot of it is men's fault also. You talk about how women are attacked with this feminism garbage from a young age. And you're completely true. It's completely true. And you're right. I was watching a Taylor Swift concert and she was, she has this famous line in one of her songs. Don Don't know her songs. I'm not off swifty unfortunately.

1 (1h 16m 45s):
Me neither. but she says something, something something something something, something something. Guys, you're hungry. Have I have no eggs left? No. I'm the patriarchy. She says, and all these little girls are sitting there going the patriarchy. And I'm like, I blame the fathers because the patriarchy built that stadium and the patriarchy put that sound stage together and the patriarchy paid for those little girls tickets to go and watch that. So men also have a part to play. Men have become so coed, they're gonna allow their daughters to go there and sing about how much they hate them. No wonder why their daughter will grow up and not listen, my daughter is not being one, she's not listening to that.

1 (1h 17m 27s):
Two, I'm not sending her ever, I wouldn't allow her to go. But three, there's no way on gold screen earth I'm paying for it. Like it's, it's also so crazy what position men have been put in and If. you say that to a man, these straight homos, they're gonna sit there and go, ah, I'm secure. I'm a real man. You, you don't let your daughter listen to Taylor Swift. Huh? Call yourself a man, bro. It's to, it's, it's crazy what level the Western society is sunk to. And what's scary is that we live in a world where we think the west is the whole world because we live in the West. It's really interesting. don don't, did you ever see that conversation on the BBC news between a Chinese, it was some Chinese guy, he worked for the Chinese government and they were discussing about the electric vehicles between China, Ander England.

1 (1h 18m 8s):
No, I didn't. You ever see it? It's really interesting and I don't wanna misquote it, but I think people can find it and send it to you. They were asking, they were saying that China produces 90% of the electric vehicles and the UK is concerned about that they produce too many electric vehicles and that the UK wants to produce some more electric vehicles. 'cause they don't want China to have a complete hegemony over the future when we use EVs, et cetera. And the Chinese member, and they were talking about competition between the two countries. They said, how do you feel about UK trying to compete with you in the electric vehicle market? And the, the member of the Chinese government said, we see the UK as a country that was historically important that we'd like to have good relations with. But when it comes to population, when it comes to production capacity, when it comes to safety on the streets, when it comes to educational performance, when it comes to the ability to project force, the UKs cannot compete with China in any regard.

1 (1h 18m 52s):
Correct. They historically believe it's still World War ii, but effectively they're a small island far away who we'd like to have good relations with. But we do not see as a competitor or a threat in any regard ever. He just nailed it. Like who the, are the uk

0 (1h 19m 6s):
Pretty much what Putin said by the way too. Yeah. It's like the this is behind the system is old. Yeah.

1 (1h 19m 9s):
We're moving cares forward. Who cares? That's right. Completely right. So in the West we think, ah, the west is the center of the world. But truthfully, we're not the center of very much at all. There's a lot of countries in the world that don't see us as important as we see ourselves. And we don't have a population as large as most of the rest of the world. We don't have the natural resources, we don't have the capability to produce anything. And we're now entering a dynamic where our men, 'cause it's gonna be our people against other people. Right. And especially in the bipolar world, are men and their, and their pussy footed approach to life are gonna be pitted against men who are prepared to fight and die. For real. Yep. And, and, and. And we're gonna see how that all works out. I guess the idea of the Western elites is that they can just continue to use the dollar to subjugate these nations and that they can use AI and machines.

1 (1h 19m 51s):
I mean, for right now, or

0 (1h 19m 51s):
Just launch a world war out of nowhere. Yeah. You can reset everything by bombing and exploding and then stealing people's resources.

1 (1h 19m 56s):
That's right. Or having better technology. We think, ah, we don't need real men in the army 'cause we've got better tech, et cetera, et cetera. I mean, we'll see how that all works out. But I think the next a hundred years is gonna be very interesting where we see that. I mean we can look at it right now. Let's look at it right now in the uk, three little girls were stabbed. The girls that were stabbed were the same age as my daughters. I have two daughters in age. Four. Three little girls were stabbed to death. A man shouldn't have to feel what, what a blade is like in during his body, let alone a little girl. It's disgusting. I have seen zero conversations about how to protect little girls. All I see are the, the straight homos marching, talking about how they're not racist.

1 (1h 20m 39s):
What the are you even doing? Right? Have you lost complete context of the situation? Every single conversation should be about how to protect children. And there should be nothing off limits. We shouldn't be afraid to discuss the fact that if people come from X country, they commit violent crime out 300% higher rate than if they come from other countries. 'cause everyone talks about the UK being racist. It's probably one of the least racist PE places on the planet. You wanna see racism go anywhere else.

0 (1h 21m 9s):
Japan.

1 (1h 21m 10s):
Japan, Africa. They're racist in Africa. They're racist. In the Arab world, everyone's racist. We're the least racist place. And instead of marching to protect little girls, the man who stopped the knife attacker should be a national hero. You should be everywhere. I haven't even seen his face. They don't wanna show him. 'cause they don't wanna remind people. The little girls were stabbed. Instead they want to divert the whole conversation to don't be racist. And now we have all these straight homo men walking around. We showed the far right. Yeah. Don't be racist as if they've achieved something. You've forgone the argument completely. When the knife wielding attacker is near you, you're gonna piss your pants and run. And now you're walking around saying, don't be racist.

1 (1h 21m 51s):
Now I agree with don't be racist, but If you think If, you are asinine and stupid enough to believe that if you're gonna allow thousands of people into your border unchecked, that some of those people are not bad people. You're an idiot. And I wouldn't even say that. You're too stupid to conceptualize that. I'd say they're too cowardly to admit it because they're too scared to be racist. So now they're too scared to admit that by refusing to refute that idea, they're letting bad people in, they're gonna say, no, all 1 million we let in are all good. They're all doctors and they're all physicists. You don't have to be racist to understand it's not about skin color. If people come from a war zone, they've seen trauma and they're not gonna be particularly balanced all of the time.

1 (1h 22m 36s):
I would argue If, you see, if a child sees their parents blown to Smither Marines, they're not gonna grow into a pretty balanced, happy, normal, sane individual. They're coming from the worst places on the planet. Well

0 (1h 22m 46s):
That's part of it too, is like people don't be racist. Don't be this, I'm definitely a bigot. Like, I mean, I tell people this all the time. I'm like, that's street smarts, right? Yep. Predicting what I can garner from just looking at you. The recognition you're giving, the vibes you're giving. What can I understand about the what I'm under? I don't like, I don't trust you. I don't like the way you're moving, I don't like the way you're dressed. Now they're training people to go. Having those gut instincts that keep you alive are bigotry, racism, a homo homophobia. It's like, yeah, you're telling me this is a party with all homosexual men? Yeah. No, my son, my young son's not going. Yeah, right. Oh my gosh, how dare you say that? Like how this is homophobic. This is hydrophobic. This is all of these words really, in my view, meant to just delude people away. Like from trusting their gut instincts.

0 (1h 23m 27s):
Your gut is divine. Yeah. Okay. Your gut is telling you something's not right. Yeah. Like the person in the classroom says he's a non-binary person who believes that like, you know, age limits should be evaporated. And he's teaching your kindergarten teacher and you're your your son and you're allowing that to happen because you're fearful that people at school are gonna call you a bigot. Like I'm a, Hey, I'm mama bigot. Okay, I put those, I'm mama bigot. I am a bigot. So let me figure out what I have to know about you. Yep. Because I'm gonna let you know whether or not, whether or not you're allowed access to my children and So I tell people, do not allow them to call you a bunch of names that essentially rinses you from that divine gut instinct that you have. That's the Holy Spirit saying you yeah. Don't trust this person for whatever reason. And then you have the government telling you that whatever reason that you have, you know is not right because it's some ism, sexism, misogyny, homophobia, whatever.

0 (1h 24m 15s):
It's,

1 (1h 24m 15s):
It's pattern recognition. And they don't want you to have basic pattern recognition skills anymore. And that's what's so crazy, especially with all the things you just said. Absolutely nailed it. And especially with this racism, arguing like, could

0 (1h 24m 26s):
You hire a male nanny,

1 (1h 24m 27s):
Bro, you must get this. You must get this more than me, right? Because I'm mixed half black, half white. You are black, right? So they must say, why are you racist? Why did you turned on your own race, et cetera. It's not even really truly about race. Like I, in jail, I saw people lose their minds. Right? I saw people in jail lose their minds, and I saw that they weren't the same anymore. I didn't want to be around those people. I would avoid them as much as possible. I hate the idea of them now being loose in society. That's just jail in a European nation. Okay? It's the worst jails in Europe, Eastern Europe, it's bad. But you know, we're now talking about war torn countries, which we've blown up. We have bombed.

1 (1h 25m 8s):
And people are seeing their families destroyed. People are seeing children headless on the street. You're telling me these people are now sane and they can just come here and get a job and pay their taxes. Is that what we are gonna pretend we believe otherwise we're deemed to be racist. It's not about the color of their skin, it's about all the things they've been through. And I don't want them in the society. But now, like I said, three little girls are stabbed to death and people are marching around pretending that we need more of these people. In fact, they're so desperate to virtue signals, not just Okay, they're fine. It's actually we want more. Look, I'll prove to you how un racist I am. Letting more people from the third world,

0 (1h 25m 45s):
Which I'm fine with. They just need to go live with the people that blew up the third world. Yeah. Go, go stay at Hillary Clinton's house. Go stay at Tony Blair's house. Go stay, go stay with the families that made money blowing up, you know, Libya. Yeah. And, and getting rid of Gaddafi. Yeah. I'm totally cool with that. Yeah. The people who wanted that war and supported it, you open your homes to the people who, who are dealing with that trauma of what you did that, you know, flood them out of their nations and stuff. Like we've created the issues. Yeah. And then you're telling people that never wanted the wars in the first place. That they're the ones that have to invite these people that are dealing and hating the western world into our homes. It's a nonsense. Well

1 (1h 26m 18s):
That Exactly. And that's globalism. Go to Israel. Well, exactly. Well that's, that's, they

0 (1h 26m 22s):
Love war. Go to cock.

1 (1h 26m 23s):
Yeah, that's right. Well that's globalism in a nutshell, right? Because globalism is effectively people who are detached from the common man's issues, making problems, profiting from it, and then all of the mess gets dumped on the common man. Yeah. That's what basically happens every single time. But every single thing they do. And it's really interesting because the argument is typically, oh, they want a better life and you know, they need a better life. I understand they want a better life. I'm not blaming them, but letting them in your country because they want a better life is like letting someone in your house 'cause they want a better tv. It's not theirs. Right. You can't just let everyone in. Especially what's most crazy is what you let some in and not others. Or you let everyone in. Is everyone gonna just abandon the planet and just move to the west and it's just gonna function somehow?

1 (1h 27m 3s):
Is that how we see these things? But I guess the two things we're talking here is very interesting because the most primitive, I would guess, and that perhaps the wrong word, the most essential female biological impulse is reproduction. The most basic thing a woman should want to do is have children. And the most primitive male biological function is protection. Like you just said about your son. He wants his sword. We have women who don't wanna have kids, and we have men who don't wanna protect society. The fact that men are not marching in England right now, saying we must protect all our schools and protect little girls as opposed to just advocating to allow in a bunch of military age males who can beat the out of them is really incredible. It's truly incredible. It's amazing.

1 (1h 27m 43s):
They've managed to psyop men to give up all of their protective instincts and then they've oped women into not want to have children anymore. And they've replaced these with some warped version of something else. I mean, I guess it's the first time I'm saying this, I guess I'm just analyzing on the fly, but people, I guess these men marching in these anti-racism, riots, I guess it's satisfying their protection and protective instinct. 'cause they feel like they're protecting the, the immigrants maybe don don't know. And they're afraid to protect their own people because they don't wanna be deemed racist and they can't defend their opinion. But it's really interesting when you say straight homos because you nailed it. They're all like, you meet men and they're like, oh yeah. And they're supposed to have a wife. They're all just, they're all just gay.

1 (1h 28m 24s):
Yeah, they're all

0 (1h 28m 25s):
Gay, but they straight. Yeah. At the end of the day, you can't do anything. And I could beat you up. That's why I'm like, you, you know, Hey, I'm sorry to tell you this, that your father's a straight homo. you know what I mean? Like I know that he is straight sexually, but also he's a homo. Yeah. And in that 90 sense of like, there's nothing he can do here. And he knows that. Yeah. And, and So I. I do also wanna in, in in closing, commend you on something which was so crazy. So I. There was this person who was doing like a bunch of digital content. I thought his content was amazing. Got into touch. I mean, figured out, this is like a young school kid. Like basically, essentially like 20 years old. I just turned 20 years old and I'm like, dude, you're a hustle. You're a hustler. Like, where did you learn how to do all of this stuff? Like, I'm gonna hire you. I'm like, what school did you go to? Harvard, Columbia, Husler University. I said, excuse me, what's Husler?

0 (1h 29m 6s):
I, I went to Andrew Tate's school and I learned how to do all of these. I mean, this kid is gonna make a killing. I mean, I'm telling you he's gonna make an absolute killing. It's like around the clock. Work, work, work, work, work. Yep. Comes from the wrong side of the track. So I figured out, hired him one of the greatest hires that I've had. Like unbelievably And. so that really to me also signals a lot because I talk about what is so wrong with the education system. And then you learn that these kids, this is why they hate you. These these kids who just want a fricking opportunity who will work around the clock, who just wanna be able to feed their families someday, who come from the wrong side of the tracks are jumping into, I, I genuinely don't even know what Hustle University is, but I know that that kid is 10 times, 10 times more effective than people that are coming out of co with college degrees right now.

0 (1h 29m 48s):
As I looking for somebody, he, he is a hustler. Like literally is a hustler. Yeah. And So I wanna commend you on whatever it is that you built that created this young kid who's gonna absolutely crush it. And that is should really signal to people that there is something so corrupt and wrong that the majority of these kids who graduate with their $100,000 degrees Yeah. Are going to make 30 5K and live a light in debt and to eventually become a slave. Yeah. While they laugh at people who follow Andrew Tate and go to Hustler University. 'cause they're gonna take over. Yeah. These,

1 (1h 30m 17s):
These kids are gonna talk. No. And and that, that means a lot to me. And actually I, I've been told by various people in large positions of power and that's also one of the reasons why I was so heavily attacked because I'm going to war against the educational system. Yeah. Because the educational system, as you just highlight, it's a hundred thousand dollars for a degree. It takes four years. It takes up all of your time. You're in massive debt. And the fact that the loans are linked only to the education shows is a scam in and of itself. You can't get that loan for anything else. You can only get it for the education because they don't want that loan to be out in the fair market

0 (1h 30m 45s):
Starting a business. Yeah.

1 (1h 30m 46s):
Oh yeah. If If you say you can get a loan and you can get a degree or X, Y, Z, nobody will get a degree because they know it's a scam and it suffers from double inflation. It gets more expensive every year to go to college. Plus more degrees exist every year. It basically has no value whatsoever. And we start at Hustles University as a way to teach chil not even kids. It was to teach people how to make money online. Primarily. We have 18 modern wealth creation methods as $49 a month. And we decided to make it. We said, look, we're gonna put it out there in the marketplace of ideas. You don't need to get loan to come here. You can spend your $49 on pizza or you can spend it on this. We're competing with the entire world. And we're very genius. Yeah. We're very large.

0 (1h 31m 21s):
I actually wanna model it now because people have been saying to me like, you should do like a seminar on stuff. And I'm like, actually, you're so right. Like I, I wish I had not been a fool and taken out a hundred thousand dollars. I I paid it back. Yeah. And, but I learned nothing. Yeah. I learned nothing. Everything that I actually became in life was because of the street smarts I already had. That's right. And I would've rather have spent the $49 Yeah. On the Huley University program. Yeah. So I could learn what skillset, here's what they're using. He literally said he learned editing skills that somebody else would've paid 150 K Yeah. To learn.

1 (1h 31m 50s):
Yeah. We're, we're doing very well. And

0 (1h 31m 53s):
So it's $49. Tell me again how it works.

1 (1h 31m 55s):
So it's $49 a month to get access to 18 modern wealth creation methods. We teach all the different things about how to make money. We also have some concentration tests in there. 'cause a lot of the people who join are quite young and they have TikTok brains. So we force 'em to learn how to sit down and pay attention again. And we teach 18 different ways to make money. We have different professors in there. We have live calls every day. It's now the largest online edu largest online educational platform in the world. We own university.com, which they really hate. and that was an $8 million domain. So we bought university.com. No way. Yeah. That's ours. And I've actually been told that me going to war against the educational system is one of the reasons that I got so in so much trouble. Be because now I bet you have bet now you have children who are choosing $49 a month and then starting to make contracts and make money online within a few weeks as opposed to going to get these a hundred thousand dollars degrees and getting in debt.

1 (1h 32m 35s):
So we're doing very, very well. And I'll tell So

0 (1h 32m 39s):
I even hired someone. He and he even said, he even said, I graduated at the top of my like hustler university class. I mean he was like, yeah, I was one of the best in like sales. And I was just like, this is in, I think it's incredible. I love it as someone who came with a family that could not afford a single dollar towards education system. Someone who was I was then forced to drop out in my senior year who then became a slave to loans. Yeah. I am just, I really wanna commend you on that. Thank you. Because that kid is now cutting so many corners in life. Thank because of something that You know the monstrous Andrew Tate com

1 (1h 33m 8s):
Yeah. Taught, taught him how to do. But we, we, we teach, we teach agency. And also one of the reasons why we decided to decided to do that is I also think that it's a lot easier to resist oppression. If, you have the ability to make your own money. A lot of these people, once they start working corporate, they're, they're screwed. you know, If, you work for a corporation, you're gonna have to get the jab and you're gonna have to wear the mask and you're gonna have to go to HR meetings and you're gonna have to call that ESG. So by teaching people to make their own money and have their own, or at least have their own faith in themselves, that they can make their own money. It allows 'em to be freer in their minds. Hustles University has been under massive attack by the Matrix as well. We have a whole bunch of tech problems. They keep trying to attack us and hack us and all these kind of things. And the MSM actually did an article attacking me saying that I am promoting home homophobia inside of my university.

1 (1h 33m 51s):
Because what happens is, I mean, we have 250,000 students now. It's quite large. Wow. So I'm not in charge of all of the chats. Of course, I'm, I'm, I'm CEO So, I don't even know what's happening in the chats all the time. But we have open chat rooms where the students can talk with each other, which are moderated by ai. And we have a few moderators, but we can't moderate everything. And one guy said, how do I cancel my subscription? And everyone started replying rainbows and I laughed objectively funny. I was, I found it super funny. Yeah. And because I laughed about it. They did this whole BBC hit piece on how my school promotes homophobia. Like there's nothing I can do right in the world. Unfortunately. I have take pledge.com, I dedicate $25 million a year to feeding people. That's somehow wrong. I have an online educational platform that costs less than pizza that teaches children how to focus and pay attention to make money online somehow.

1 (1h 34m 34s):
That's wrong. I teach men how to be strong and to resist oppression and to go to the gym and be, and not be afraid to stand up for themselves. Somehow that's wrong. Like, you can't win against these people anymore. Well 'cause

0 (1h 34m 44s):
It's, you're teaching them the code of how not to be enslaved by the matrix And. so that's problematic. It's why I'm deemed problematic. It's why Yay. Who survived Hollywood in my view, survived MK Ultra attempt is considered problematic because you're teaching people to believe in themselves. And I think think that's the number one thing that I have learned throughout all of this is that what they really hate is the mother effing audacity. Like the audacity Candace. When for you to go out on your own and like you are a part of this and you think that you can just keep saying that Brat Macron is a man. Yeah. Brat Macron has a penis. Yeah. I've said that And I'm gonna keep saying that. That's right. 'cause I've looked into it and it's true. Been around and yeah. I've been around. I I I I know a man when I see one. Yeah. And this, this dots massive pass a sniff test. And to say, you know, that this, these acts happened.

0 (1h 35m 25s):
And So I think that is the problem with people like you, people like me, people like yay. Is that we're giving people the permission to be themselves.

1 (1h 35m 32s):
It's so interesting you say that because the first time I was ever super heavily attract, attacked by the Matrix is when I said depression wasn't real. And the backlash was incredible.

0 (1h 35m 41s):
'cause drugs Yeah. They drug these kids out of their minds.

1 (1h 35m 43s):
That's right. They were so desperate to try and convince me or demonize me for saying depression wasn't real. And I was like, look, feeling depressed is real, but I believe you have control over your own mind. And it's down to you to fix it. You don't need drugs and you haven't caught a disease. You just need to change your scenario. Change your settings. Now PTSD is real. I can tell you I had after jail I know that mental health issues are real. Of course, what I'm trying to say is that depression as an idea in the West is so massively overprescribed and no longer has any value. It's just sadness. It's just sadness.

0 (1h 36m 10s):
You're just sad. Yeah. That's normal human emotion. Well, you know, go outside, go for a run, hang out with your friends. That's right. I, I see that. That's gonna keep coming. Like waves of sadness. We're all sad. We get sad sometimes. Completely.

1 (1h 36m 19s):
I see it all the time. I see men to me, oh, I'm depressed. I look at 'em and say, I'd be depressed too if I was you. You're a loser. Yeah. Like of course you're depressed, you're life because you're a loser because you've achieved nothing. So it's not a disease. You've got work to do. That's the bottom line of it. We've over-prescribed it to the point where it has no point at all. I'm sure 1% depressed people might have something wrong with 'em. Of course, fine. But if you're gonna say everybody has depression. I don't even know what the statistics are, but I read something very scary about the amount of people in America that are on some kind of psycho psycho.

0 (1h 36m 45s):
They start them young. They'll be like, oh, you have anxiety.

1 (1h 36m 47s):
Is it like 20% or 30% of people or something? It's

0 (1h 36m 50s):
Probably, it has to be more, it has to be more genuinely. Like everybody is on these drugs and they no long term at these drugs eventually make you crazy 'cause you're playing with the chemistry of your brain. You should never do that.

1 (1h 36m 58s):
See, I apply this to my current circumstance. I apply this to my current problem because the way you always attack men to try and damage your influences sexual crimes. Right. So, I, I, I'm applying this to my own case. Three different countries. They've called over 2000 women who I've ever known in my life. And they managed to find these two idiots. And you've done a breakdown the case, which I super appreciate and they haven't found anyone else thankfully. But if 30% of the people they're calling are on mind altering drugs, that's scary to me. I'm thinking, wait, as a full grown man, If, you ever get famous and you ever talk against the Matrix and you ever have any kind of money and influence because your ability to speak freely is directly correlated with your insignificance. You can only be, you can only talk freely when nobody listens.

1 (1h 37m 41s):
If people listen to you, when you talk freely, you soon realize that there really isn't that much freedom of speech. 'cause they'll come for you and they'll try and wreck you with everything they can. Right. It reminds me of a point on freedom, which I wanna talk about quickly. But now we're saying that this percentage of the population are on drugs. I always found this interesting when they say, ah, we've been through his past, we found these people. What percentage of the population are artistic? What percentage of the population are mentally ill? And then what percentage of the population are on mind altering drugs or depressed of some kind or anxious or whatever they're on. And then we're gonna say and find someone from 11 years ago and say their word, their eye witness testimony without any other proof iss golden. It's, it's just so crazy. It's

0 (1h 38m 17s):
Christine Lazy Ford. It's 20 years ago it happened.

1 (1h 38m 19s):
Yeah. It's, it's scary to me. Mm. It's actually very scary. The point I wanted to make on freedom is very interesting because you've experienced how the matrix tries very hard to shut you up. And they try to intimidate you. They try and ruin your life and intimidate you. That's effectively what they try and do. And it takes a particularly stubborn type of person.

0 (1h 38m 35s):
I am, I'm a Taurus. I'm just like, I

1 (1h 38m 39s):
I'm ready. I'm built different, I

0 (1h 38m 40s):
I I'm, I'm built different. I

1 (1h 38m 41s):
I love being a thorn in their side much more than whatever they can do to me. Yeah. It's like I'm in jail. I'm like Yeah, but I'm pissed 'em off. Yeah. Yes.

0 (1h 38m 49s):
And And they hate how happy we are too. Oh, completely. Because then they're like, this shouldn't be the results. They're ably. We've done the studies. Yeah. Once we do these psychological attacks and we psychologically terrorize them and their family, they should be fatigued and broken. That's right. And then we just emerge and we're like, Hey,

1 (1h 39m 2s):
You'll stand it. They can't stand it. But another one of my theories about the LGBT whole thing and the reason that they're marching in the street is of course they're trying to get everybody's children. But I also believe that it's part of propping up the false guise of freedom. Right. Because what the west has built itself on is a very thin culture. And it's built itself on the idea that everybody can get rich. Nothing unifies us If. you look at here in Romania, even in this country, everyone has the same language. They have the same religion. They all watch the same TV shows growing up. Right. They have the same folk stories. They do the same thing at Christmas. Everyone has a similarity amongst them. So even if they disagree politically, there's a lot that unifies to people. Which is why it's a safe society. Remember when we went to school, when we were young, you'd go and you talk about the TV show from the night before that everybody watched everybody.

1 (1h 39m 46s):
And now we don't have that anymore. Right. So the only thing that unifies people in the west, because there's nothing that unifies us. We don't agree on the flag, we don't agree on religion. We don't, not the skin color, same skin color. We don't speak the same language. There's nothing that unifies us except this idea that we can become rich, go to the west, get rich, be nice to people. But now one's realizing you're not gonna get rich and this is where the problems are coming. 'cause they're realizing the American dreams a sham. That's a lie. So we have this very thin culture and we say these other countries, ah, well they have thicker cultures. Their cultures aren't thin. And a thick culture is good for the cohesion of society. But they're not free. And we are free. And then I sit and think, well If, you speak against authority in the West, they teach you a lesson so you're not actually free. So how do they prop up this false idea of freedom?

1 (1h 40m 27s):
What they do is they put the freaks to the front. So what they do is they push the freaks to the front. They say, look, this person chopped their off. We are free in other countries. You can't chop your off. It's like, okay, that's fine. But I am not free to do anything important. Like speak against power. Like speak against apac.

0 (1h 40m 43s):
You're free to hurt yourself. You're

1 (1h 40m 44s):
Free to, yeah. You're free to do dumb shit. You're not free to actually talk about anything important ever. And I feel like one of the reasons why they're promoting all this degeneracy is to try and keep this bullshit idea of freedom alive. 'cause if they took that away, you'd wake up and realize, oh okay, this is actually no different than most of the world. And I'm not gonna attack only the West for this. You can't talk against Putin and Russia and you can't talk against Islam and Saudi and you can't talk against the king of Laos. I'm sure you're gonna pay a price. That's how the world actually is. We're the only ones who are lying about it. Sitting and saying, no, you can't talk. You, you can. We're free. We're free, we're free. The truth is, you can't talk against authority at all and to try and distract everyone and keep this bull dream of freedom alive, they're gonna push freaks to the front. Which is why I think that the freaks are getting more and more outlandish.

1 (1h 41m 26s):
'cause people are starting to realize that the freedom isn't real and they're starting to feel the cage in close. So as people are starting to sit there and realize, wait, maybe don don't live in a free country. Maybe my government is owned. Maybe they are all homosexual pedophiles. Maybe I am paying too much taxes just to blow up children. Maybe nobody has my interests at heart. Maybe my elections aren't real. Maybe my children are being brainwashed. Maybe my streets are unsafe because they refuse to police them properly. Maybe all these drugs could be stopped. Maybe Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. He's dropped his

0 (1h 41m 53s):
Off. There's a man in a dress. It's free

1 (1h 41m 55s):
Freedom. And I really think

0 (1h 41m 57s):
That you could never have a man wear a dress in Putin's Russia. That's right. I'm like, I think I wanna go there. that is sounds like, yeah. I don't want men wearing dresses.

1 (1h 42m 4s):
And that's the most crazy thing about it, is that trying to show this freedom they're actually showing to anybody with a brain things we don't even wanna see. Right. You can take that away. That's fine. Let's take that away. Another thing about talking against government, because I was talking to somebody about this and they said, okay, well then why are you saying America so bad when you can't talk about against government anywhere else? And I said, well the reason for that is because if you're in Russia, You know who your boss is. Right. I don't personally disagree with Putin. So. I wouldn't want to talk against Putin. But If, you live in Russia and you do wanna talk against power. you know who you're talking against. Our biggest problem here in the West is that we don't even truly really know who we're talking against. I know that the LGBT Homo Mafia are in charge somewhere, which I know that's clear because they can in the senate building and nothing happens.

1 (1h 42m 48s):
So that's obvious. But it's like, who and we're, and we're spending all our time going down rabbit holes of Israel or big farm or military industrial complex or global homo. Or you're like, who is even in charge of this mess? Davos. WEF. That's the thing that's most scary to me, is not the fact that we can't speak against power because you can't in a lot of places, it's that we're not even allowed to know who the powerful are because then they're accountable. It's all just theories. If they were to say it's this person, this person, and this person, those people would be in a lot of trouble very quickly. So they've removed their attachment to anything. So there's not even any accountability anymore in the west.

1 (1h 43m 28s):
That's what's truly scary. I'm just asking, I would like to know who, who's, who's in charge here. I'd like to just wake up and say, you know, you walk into a restaurant and everything's manager. Like why is there cockroaches? What's going on? I'd like to just go, who's the manager of the west out? Who's actually in charge of any of this mess anymore? At least in other countries, you get the good fortune of knowing who your boss is. Right,

0 (1h 43m 51s):
Right. Yeah. I keep trying to figure out why am I'm supposed to hate Putin. I'm like, okay. So he doesn't let people desecrate churches. You can't just take your boobs out as a woman and like say you're protesting and stand on top of like a statue of Jesus Christ. I think I'm okay with that. Yeah. I'm like, I'm I know. I'm supposed to be hating this. You're telling me this is authoritarian. This is authoritarian. But what you guys are doing locking up people for peacefully protesting on January 6th, hunting grandmothers is not authoritarian. That's right. Because we're what women are allowed to be whores. Yeah. Like I, I'm like everything about this. Like I, that's gonna be the boss that makes more sense to me than the people. The deep state, the homosexual agenda, the pedophilia that's being promoted, the pedophiles are allowed to write articles and protect other pedophiles. Sounds a lot better to me to have him as my boss than the, like you said, the invisible bosses or maybe one boss who knows that we're fighting and we see that they're perverse.

0 (1h 44m 39s):
Yeah. And I totally agree with

1 (1h 44m 41s):
You. Yeah. He's a competent nationalist, which is what anybody with a brain should want for their country. You should want a competent nationalist who puts your interest above the interest of anybody else.

0 (1h 44m 50s):
So got Biden showering with his 4-year-old daughter and, and the whole mainstream media colluding to hide the diary. We have Hunter Biden smoking crack and sleep sleeping with people that look way too young. Yeah. you know, talking about incest on text messages and the entire mainstream media colluding to cover these stories. Yeah. No, I think I wanna try the other boss if I can just for a second. I just wanna try to work there for a week. Absolutely. And see what happens.

1 (1h 45m 11s):
Absolutely. So we, and and you're completely right. We say all Russia's not a free country because you know you can't do LGBT insanity and that's the only thing they can really come at them for. They can't come at them for, they've arrested one 10th of the people the UK have arrested for Facebook posts. Wow. So I. Think Tucker highlighted this in the uk I think it was in 2022, they arrested 4,500 people for their social media comments. And Russia, it was 400. So the UK is 10 times worse for policing speech than Russia. Free country. Right. Blah blah. Russia's not free. 'cause they, we don't allow them to, they're not allowed to poison the children. So they're not free So. It's actually the thing that's, that's most scary about this freak show is the reason they're pushing it so hard to the front is because they're trying to keep this imaginary balloon of freedom in the American dream and all this garbage ahead.

1 (1h 45m 51s):
Because we have a very thin culture. Nothing's unifying us in the west besides the idea that somehow we're free and that somehow we'll one day get rich. That's it. And that's what's so scary. you know what I find interesting about American culture? you know the eclipse that was recent, there was an eclipse where they, the solar eclipse, it was like a few months ago, can't remember. It was going through a few states and I was reading on Twitter. They were talking about how the eclipse is coming and you need to be careful 'cause it's gonna be dark for two minutes. And beware of crime and all their, and I sat there thinking, American culture is so thin that if it gets dark in the middle of the day for two minutes, there's gonna be crying. People are gonna rob cars. Is that how close we are to apocalypse?

1 (1h 46m 32s):
Is it that bad? Like even we talk about UK Ukraine, Russia war, even though I agree with Putin, I think he's completely justified. The Ukrainians and the Ukrainian government, who I, I distaste for, but the Ukrainian people, they're still in lines buying food. It's war. They're in a line with money buying food during War America. It'd be looting, it'll be fires. It'll be free for all within two minutes. We are on the absolute precipice of societal breakdown all of the time. And the only thing that's keeping it together is everyone's sitting around going, don't worry, you'll be rich one day. You'll be rich one day while a political class just rape the tax base for as long as they can before they disappear into the sunset.

1 (1h 47m 14s):
How long until this all goes wrong? I mean it's very, it's an interesting thing to observe from afar. It's super interesting.

0 (1h 47m 20s):
Yeah. I think about it every day I tell people I have an apocalyptic mindset. I've learned to grow vegetables. Yeah. My husband hunts, he fishes. We're gonna be good in the middle of a forest and we're going to survive. Yeah. And you better think deeply about who you would want. I say this all the time in your tribe and you're gonna realize that it all comes down to basic survival skills. Yep. Can you hunt? Can you shoot? Can you fight? Can you grow food? Yep. Can you take after the children and the majority of westerners are ill-equipped for those things. They're like, well, well I can receive the New York Times and read it and comprehend what they're telling me to believe. And that's gonna be problematic And. so in conclusion, I would like you to speak to the straight homos. Because the straight homos, they need some guidance. You know, they need some guidance. It's true, they do. It's true. They think they hate you, but deep down they know that there's something that you're saying, saying that really what they hate is what was inside of themselves.

0 (1h 48m 6s):
There's like a cowardice within them that they hate And. so they have to attack you And. so we're gonna get free advice. You don't even have to sign up for H University. You don't even have to buy a Stanus cup. You're gonna get free advice. All you straight homos out there from Andrew Tate. And you can just implement this into your life. Andrew Tate, take it away. Sure.

1 (1h 48m 23s):
Alright, let me try and think of something which is gonna be inspirational. So

0 (1h 48m 27s):
I'm gonna whoop your ass. Just

1 (1h 48m 29s):
I should say The reason they're a coward in the first place is because they're afraid of confrontation. But I want everyone at home to understand, especially if you're a man, that confrontation is certain and is always gonna be around if you're a king. There's never been a point in human history where you're a king with an empire where people are not trying to take your empire from you. And if you're not a king with an empire, then you're a pawn in somebody else's empire and you're gonna have your head chopped off for some reason anyway. Confrontation is certain If, you try to avoid confrontation. You're gonna end up in confrontation with yourself. The reason these straight homos are so desperately sad, the reason they have a DHD and anxiety and depression, the reason they're sitting at home, even if they don't admit to these ailments, wondering why they're so unhappy all the time, is because you're fighting an internal battle. Your monologue is different.

1 (1h 49m 10s):
And your mind from what your spirit truly wants. You wanna be respected, you wanna be strong, you wanna stand up for what you know is right. You wanna be a man and you're just too afraid to engage the enemy. So you're gonna self destruct, you're gonna turn on yourself. There's a fire inside of you. There's a fire inside of absolutely every man. And you can either direct it at your enemy and do your very best to destroy him, or it's gonna burn inside of you and eat you alive. You have to make a choice. The cowardice that you feel that prevents you from engaging the enemy is your biggest, is the biggest betrayal. Because now you're just engaging yourself. The battle's certain either way. So, I strongly recommend you find who the enemy is and direct your efforts towards their destruction as opposed to sitting there allowing yourself to self emulate.

0 (1h 49m 50s):
I think it's actually very sage advice. There is a fire in in all of the men. And it has to be directed in the right way. Well, Andrew, it has been a pleasure having you. This conversation is going to be so banned, so de demonetized. Sorry don. Don't care. I literally don't care. I just, I like I said, don't care Bill. Different because people need to hear it. And I also am very optimistic 'cause I think that people are starting to recognize that we keep telling 'em the truth about what's happening in the world and it's taking them a while to catch up. but they, there's enough distrust now in the mainstream media that people are starting to listen to independent voices and go directly to the source, rather than allowing the mainstream media to tell them about those people and pretend that they're hateful because we believe in natural order. you know, All. Right. guys, that is a wrap. I hope you enjoyed this episode of Candace.

0 (1h 50m 30s):
We will see you next time.