
Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast Here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats, A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 and up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025. Multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher do com slash courtside for free. Entry, entry, deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply Void, wear prohibited.


Alright, we are late today, but I promise you I'm going to make it worth the wait. First and foremost, black America has spoken. I have been laughing since yesterday. Looking through all of your comments pertaining to Kamala Harris washing greens in her bath bathtub was so disgusting. We're gonna get to some of those comments later to make us laugh a bit. But first we have to get to this. I came across another explosive revelation pertaining to Kamala Harris's ancestry, and I am not kidding if after this, the media does not completely stop trying to sell her as a black woman to us. I, I'm gonna have to participate in one of these CNN type peaceful protests. That's all I'm saying. So let's just jump right into this and get started. Welcome back to Candace.


All right, we're gonna go through a lot of this slowly. 'cause I want you guys to be able to process this. It's a lot of names, it's a lot of moving parts, and we're gonna show you the charts that you can follow along. So where to begin? Okay. It has long been a conspiracy theory that democracy is really just an illusion. That there's just kind of these forces that are really controlling everything that presidents and political leaders around the world are really just being bred essentially. That their background stories are created and then they're just sort of injected into the political scene. Doesn't matter whether or not you believe that or don't believe that, I just wanted to tell you that this is not a, a new thing and this is not a new conspiracy theory. So I'm now quite obsessed with the curious case of Donald J. Harris.


Obviously Kamala notably has an estranged relationship with them, with him. He's said that she has said that, and we know for a fact that he was a committed communist and he also married a woman who was similarly a committed communist that is incredibly relevant. Okay? So I decided to obsessively revisit his peace that he wrote Reflections of a Jamaican father. And this time I was like, I'm going to fully commit myself to finding out as much as I can about every single line of this piece. Particularly, of course, pertaining to his missing mother. That's Barrel, grandma Barrel and his grandmother, Iris Finnegan, her great grandmother that she was posted up with.


And so I'm gonna pull up this chart now so that you guys can follow along. Okay? So we see Donald Terrace, and above him, we know that his father is Oscar Joseph Harris. And then we've drawn this line to across to Barrell Christie Finnegan. We just can't seem to find outside of that picture of her next to Kamala Harris. Okay? And then of course, above Oscar Joseph, we are told that his parents are Joseph Alexander and Christiana, miss Chrisy Brown. So let's actually, let's actually start by the way, in, in the corner there we have Iris Aura Allen. Iris Allen Finnegan. That's Bell's mother, okay? That is the one that Kamala is pictured with on her lap.


She's a baby. Donald says that he photographed that photo of them sometime in the sixties, shortly after Kamala was born. That is our Iris Finnegan. And I said, I'm gonna start with her. I'm gonna obsessively read this piece. He writes that she's Iris nay Finnegan. He writes incredibly affectionately about her. What we know is that Iris was born Aura Iris Allen. Okay? It's important for you guys to remember that her maiden name is Allen, but we can't find her anywhere in the Jamaican newspaper archives. Donald tells us in his piece that her ancestry is just completely unknown to him. So he has no idea who this woman who he alleges had one of the greatest impacts upon his life.


He has no idea where she descends from. We also find it a bit off putting that he doesn't mention her husband by name. He simply calls him Mr. Christie. That would be his grandfather. Just one mention that Mr. Krispy, Mr. Christie, pardon? And, and guess what? We also could not find her husband, whose name is Patrick Finnegan, anywhere in the newspapers. It's odd because he tells us that they own a farm. He tells us that together, Iris Allen and her husband, Mr. Christie, who we believe should be Patrick Finnegan, he tells us that they own and operate an entire sugarcane farm.


So surely I should be able to locate them in the newspapers, a business section selling, buying something. But no, I could not, I wanna be clear. That doesn't mean that we could not find them at all. These people do exist. I can definitively tell you guys that Iris Finnegan did in fact exist. She just didn't own the farm. She worked it. She was an agricultural laborer. Okay? So how do we know that Iris Finnegan was an agricultural laborer and not a farm owner because of her son, Noelle Pendergast. He listed her as an agricultural laborer on his documents for him to come into the United States because he was coming into work as an agricultural laborer.


So I'm showing you those documents. Again, this is her son, Noelle Finnegan. And you see, it says, who is your mother? He writes down Iris Finnegan. And they ask what her occupation is and she, he writes an agricultural laborer. Okay? So that is incredibly strange. I guess First and foremost, If you, if your parents owned a sugar came farm, why would you travel to America for agricultural work on someone else's farm? I feel very deeply in my soul that he, and I'm referring now to Donald Harris doesn't want us to look too far into this. He doesn't want us to know who his true grandfather is. That's why he used to first him as Mr. Christie.


It's likely not Patrick Finnegan. And of course, we should be looking further into why it is that every time we look up any of these people who he is telling us in this piece owned stuff, they owned stuff and operated things, it turns out that they were just workers. We also were able to confirm, I'm just taking you guys jogging memory that Iris did in fact, birth Barrel Finnegan. We found Barrel Finnegan's birth certificate. We know that Iris Allen is in fact her mother because she's correctly listed on that birth certificate. But oddly, we then find that Barrell II is listed as just a bar made on her marriage certificate.


Her marriage certificate, by the way, as we determined earlier to a Lawford Newland, who similarly we saw was traveling into the United States as a laborer looking for work. What is going on here? Does this family have money? Do they not have money? Well, I'll remind you by the way that I spoke to Donald Harris' brother, and he told me that all of the kids had businesses that were handed to them by their father, Oscar Harris, that Donald and his two siblings, his two other siblings were hand handed businesses. So what's happening here again? Do they have money? Do they not have money? This is getting confusing. Confusing. So I decided that it was my duty to help Donald Terrace with his genealogy.


I wanted to help him determine who exactly Iris Finnegan was and why he doesn't know her ancestry. And I thought that the easiest way to determine it would be to look up some records for sugar plantations, because obviously if you're owning a sugar farm, there just has to be some sort of a record for how you inherited, right? Because we know these were initially plantations that had slaves, and I'm sorry you weren't just casually putting together a, a sugar plantation and not having to have any documents whatsoever. He lists in his piece that she worked on, the thatch sugarcane farm. Strangely, I could not find a record of the thatch walk sugarcane farm that he listed.


I did, however, find a thatch hill sugarcane farm, and that was in the exact same Saint Anne Parish in Jamaica. But the owner of that farm was listed as in Eliza Brown. Brown. Now you're going brown. Wait, why does that sound familiar to me? What? What's wrong with that? Because that's the last name of the other side of Donald j Harris' family. So something doesn't feel right here. Again, let's just pull up that family map again So I can slow this down for you. Okay. Donald J. Harris is supposed to be the son of Oscar, Joseph Brown Harris. We didn't put Brown there, but Oscar, Joseph Brown Harris. 'cause his mother, you see there is Chrisy Brown, okay?


And Barrell Finnegan Iris's daughter. But now it's starting to look like maybe that Iris Finnegan worked for the Brown Harris side. Like, what's going on here? Weird. But I said, okay, let's not get ahead of ourself. Let's just take a closer look at the brown side of the family. He acknowledges like we had slaves. Like that was a thing. We owned plantations, we established Brownstown. He was very honest about that and forthcoming in his piece. So we're gonna take a look at this family tree and we're gonna focus on Christiana Brown, okay? That's supposed to be Oscar Brown's mother, miss Chrisy. And Donald has told us actually a lot about her in this piece, but we've only got this one picture, this one picture.


And I, like I said, every one of these pictures for me, it just looks like a worker that is wearing her Sunday's best. And I'm not trying to be judgmental, I just, I don't know, it just, that's the way these pictures look to me. And that's not the way that he's presenting it. And like I said, he tells us a lot about Christiana Brown. He tells us that she's a descendant of Hamilton Brown, who's on record as a plantation and a slave owner, the founder of Brownstown. He tells us that it was her, that woman who sparked his interest in economics and in politics simply by him observing her and listening to her in her daily routine. Okay? So she was very into politics. He tells us that she owned and operated the popular dry good store on the busy main street leading away from the famous market in the center of Brownstown.


Okay? So she's a store owner, and he says in the piece, every day after school, I would go to her shop to wait for the drive home to Orange Hill after she closed the shop. She never paid much attention to the business of the farm at Orange Hill. Her sons took care of that side of the family business. Her constant focus was on the issues that affected her business of buying and selling imported dry goods, as well as the cost of living issues that required understanding and keeping up with the news. A task which she pursued with gusto. He goes on to write, there was a daily diet of politics as well. She was a great admirer. Okay? This is important. She was a great admirer of Busta, sir William Alexander Bustamonte, the chief minister and the colonial government and leader of the Jamaican Labor Party, the JLP.


She claimed with conviction and pride to be herself Christiana Brown, a labor right, as the members of the JLP recalls, and for the interesting reason that as she argued, labor is at the heart of everything in life. Little did I know it then what I learned later in studying economics that my grandmother was espousing her independently discovered version of a labor theory of value. Okay? That's what he says, end quote. I wanna show you that guy again, who he says her, his grandmother idolized and she loved him because he was a labor, right? So I, I really focused on that. I was like, who is this guy? Who is this Busta, sir Busta that she admired?


This guy is very important to Jamaican history, to Jamaican politics, past and present. He was a, a man that was actually born William Alexander Clark. And he would go on to become the first minister of Jamaica. He's an unbelievably shady character, okay? He left Jamaica at the age of 21 to go to Cuba. And then there's no trace of what he did for 30 years. When he came back, he was a trained commie. He was ready to overthrow government establishments by establishing all of these unions, these worker revolutions that could essentially reshape governments, getting people to riot, okay? We call these color revolutions. The American CIA does this all around the world.


You think there's like a normal uprising that's taking place in Ukraine, and then you find out like, wait, why is John McCain in the middle of this getting people to revolt? And then all of a sudden we are establishing someone as the president that that is the idea of a color revolution. So this guy disappears for 30 years, comes back to Jamaica, and all of a sudden he's organizing regular people to riot and to overthrow. And effectively we people do this so that they can establish power for themselves. So the workers, the working class people think that whatever they're saying to them is because they really care. You're not being treated fairly in this factory. And you know, you need to have the minimum wage. It should be higher, you know, you should be making more for your family. Yeah, yeah.


And next thing You know, they're riding, they're overthrowing people that are in power and who they actually place in power are the people that organize it in the first place. It's just a good old fashioned comedy revolution. Something else of interest is that he also, aside from being arrested by the American government once for, you know, doing commie things and staging these sorts of riots, he also called for the genocide of Rastafarian. Look at this headline. This is, this is, this is a headline of somebody going back and revisiting, bring in all Rastas dead or alive. Now, if you're American, you don't know much about what a Rastafarian is. You do know who Bob Marley is. Bob Marley is hate rate. Rastafari, you probably have a depiction probably of just Bob Marley.


Like, oh, they smoked pot. Yeah. Well, in reality, in reality, they were like this religious sociopolitical movement of you had Africans who after being enslaved, really thought that their enslavement was intentional. Many people who believe this today, that the, that they came from Ethiopia. They were actually incredibly peaceful. They came from Ethiopia and they felt that they were the people that were being spoken about in the Bible and that they were intentionally being like there was this intentional African diaspora all around the world to remove black people from their roots. And so these people, this guy, he gets into power and they actually were incredibly effective in Jamaica in terms of organizing for themselves.


They lived in their own encampments and they also had like agricultural unions. Like they had, they were growing crops and things of their, of their own. And so they were very well established, all on their own. And what ended up happening was this guy essentially said that they were dangerous because six of them got into trouble. And he said, bring me all of the Rastafarians dead or alive. And what ended up happening is they started ro like rounding up Rastafarians. I'll actually read you specifically what happened to some of those rastafarians on his call, because again, he was incredibly powerful.


It says on April 12th, good Friday, prime Minister Alexander Bustamonte, because again, he, he went on to become the prime minister, ordered the arrest of all Rastafarians that are alive, police and military forces entered working class neighborhoods and Rastafarian encampments, detaining rastafarians, and forcibly cutting off their dreadlocks. Many Rastafarians were tortured and killed with estimates suggesting that as many as 150 individuals were detained. So the reason that they, he ordered for them to even have their dreadlocks forcibly cut off is because it had it held spiritual meaning for them absolutely sick, absolutely disturbing all of this true. And it's way worse If you look into the sky. I mean, there was like mysterious burnings of all of their crops, particularly when Winston Churchill was visiting.


That's another rabbit hole you can jump down. But I wanted to just tell you who this guy was because he makes a note of this in his piece. Arnold j Harris, that Christiana Brown loved this guy, that that was her political vision. She loved Busante, he just adopted that name Busante maybe, maybe to make it sound like he was a person that was for the people who knows. So we thought surely this, this powerful woman, going back to Christiana Brown, who was involved in politics, speaking about politics every day in her dry good store. And she was so accomplished. She has these stores. She's, like I said, deeply seeded speaking about the Labor Party.


She must be mentioned in the newspaper a few times. I mean, there's just no way that we're not gonna be able to find her in a newspaper article. And indeed, we, we did find her, we found her strangely as a potential witness to election fraud. Christiana Brown taking the stand in a case pertaining to election fraud. Yes, it is about to get completely crazy. So I hope you guys are following along and this is all making sense so far. Stay with us. We're just gonna throw it really quickly to one of our advertisers and get right back.


Now what we are covering is obviously insane here. This election season has been the most insane. We really don't know what is going to happen in November. But there is one thing that I know, I'm definitely still buying gold and silver. The United States has $35 trillion in debt. There is no better time to protect your money and, and savings while you still can. So go to Candace likes gold.com. You'll learn about the top rated precious metals company GoldCo and how they can help you. They're a great company that is top rated with over 6,005 star reviews and a whole bunch of awards. Not only do they support my show, but my listeners can Get up to a 10% instant match in bonus over on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold onto, GoldCo can help. Visit Candace likes gold.com. Again, very easy, Candace likes gold.com.


Alright, jumping right back into this. Here is where we found Christiana Brown in the Kingsy Gleaner, I'm showing you the headline here. Witnesses claim they received money to vote for Mr. Allen. Hey, you remember, oh, Iris Allen, her last name was Allen. Okay, maybe it means something, maybe it doesn't. Okay, So I'll tell you a little bit about this case. 'cause that used, it's super long because it's actually a transcript, which is incredible that they used to print this in the newspaper, but it was a full transcript of the court case that was happening. And this was an, an election petition. So in 1944, Christiana Brown was made to testify because there was a political election between a guy named Harold Egbert, Allen Harold Eggbert Allen was Busta protege.


He eventually went on to become his finance minister. Okay? So he, he was the person that was running and obviously you could imagine Busta wanted this guy to get elected and he was running against a guy named t Adrian Gray or, well Harold did in fact win the election. And remember Christina, according to Donald J. Harris, was allegedly obsessed with Busta. So surely I'm thinking she must have been very happy that the Labor party protege, bustas protege won. Well, that's where it gets interesting because she was testifying because she apparently had witnessed some guy named SP Nugent paying her niece to vote for Alan. So it became this massive scandal because they were quite literally paying people to vote for Alan to get him into office.


And so she told the truth to the police officer, she told the truth on the stand and she just told them, yeah, I, I witnessed this exchanging of money. Her niece denied it. But I just think that that's quite strange because I shouldn't she be happy with this outcome? I'm going, what's happening here? She's on the team of labor. She was devoting her life to speaking about this in her dry good store. But then buried in this article is an explosive detail in the midst of all the testimony when the judge asks her Christiana Brown, what do you do for a living? She answers, I'm a washer woman. I said, what's a washer woman? A washer woman is a woman who quite literally washes just what it sounds like, just that simple.


She, it means that her job was to wash the clothes and the sheets and to hang them out to dry. Now let's again bring up that photo of Ms. Chrisy that Donald shares, okay? Sitting outside, like I said, looks to like a woman who's wearing her Sunday best potentially for a picture. I never felt that this was a woman who was running a dry good store and had an active life in politics. I rather did feel that we were missing something here. Why would Christiana Brown in this case tell the judge that she was a washer woman? Maybe it's because Donald is lying about everything. And I wanna be very clear here. I believe that Donald did know Christiana Brown, the washer woman.


I believe that Donald J. Harris did know Iris Finnegan, the agricultural laborer and her daughter Barrell. But I do not believe that they were his kin. I believe they worked for his kin. So what does that mean? Well, it means that it's likely that whoever Christiana worked for who, whoever, whoever's laundry it was that she was washing, were very politically inclined based upon the questions that were being asked of her in that examination. Again, we'll include a link for this on locals. You can read this yourself. But the questions that they're asking her, it applies to me that clearly wherever she is working it, it there's a lot of political action happening around her.


And if her niece was given money to vote for Alan, it was likely because Alan's political team knew that they worked for a family that her niece worked for a pa, a family that supported Alan, right? You wouldn't go around with cash giving it to these low level workers on a farm If you weren't sure the people who were running this farm were friendly to your campaign. So it made me go, okay, that name, the last name Allen is at least familiar. I now know that he's connected to Busta Monte. I now know that Donald is lying about even Christiana Harris. That's every single relative that they have presented a picture of. They are lying about what they do and we have documentation of the fact that they're lying about what they do.


That these were workers and they effectively stole their identities and turned them into someone else. So I thought, let me look into this guy who was running this, Harold Egbert, Allen Bus, Busta Monte's, a protege so to speak, that had agents that were going around trying to rig an election with cash. Allegedly, allegedly. I didn't actually see what the conclusion of the case was, but I'm gonna guess given the amount of power that Busta Monte had, that he won the election and that the case was just shut down. So again, I'm gonna, I'm gonna show you this guy again, this this Busta Monte guy. I start looking into him and there's some curious facts that came up. Curiously enough, he was married to a woman who came to be known as Lady Idriss Allen Idriss Allen.


Now this is pure speculation, but I, in my head, I'm just taking you through my thought process. I was like, that sounds like Iris Allen, but it's Edris Allen. Okay, whatever. But like that's who he's married to. And then I sort of came to the conclusion that actually that Idriss Allen, you can show a picture of her again, I think she's the real person who raised Donald Harris. I believe that she is actually potentially Donald Harris's true mother. And it's why she doesn't speak about Barrell and he won't speak about his mother. 'cause I think that is his mother. And I'm gonna tell you why. Iris Allen began her career as a clerk working at a dry good store called Sherlock and Smith. She soon began working at a depart, a department supervisor of another dry good store, Nathan and Co Limited.


And she worked and operated that store for 10 years. And of course, don't even get me started, she was steep in labor, right? Politics because look who she eventually married. They stayed married for 10 years or, or a little more than 10 years. They got married in 1941. And then he literally, it says, died suddenly in 1953. So they were married for, for 12 years. She fought extensively for social welfare programs, otherwise known as hand your kids to the States. She was a good commi. And lemme tell you what's interesting about that. You see, I noticed this thing that it tends to be the people that fight the hardest for social welfare programs.


When you look into their families, it turns out that they were the ones that owned the slaves. Why do you think it would be that the people that owned the slaves and clearly did not believe in social welfare suddenly became the most vigorous, loudest voices for social equality? These were the people that were establishing the unions. Does that make sense to you? You have to actually think like a slave owner for a second, right? So you're a slave owner, you're running a plantation. Business is good. Like you are the boss of everything. Okay? It's like, yep, don't care what's happening to the slaves, whipping slaves turning out profit. And then suddenly the government says, no more slavery.


We're gonna pay you for your slaves like they did for the, the descendants of Hamilton Brown. We know that Kamala's family got what would effectively have been $11 million for their slaves. The British government did pay them for their slaves in Jamaica. Okay? But you're not just gonna be like, cool with having lost all of your power. You're gonna organize and figure out how to maintain your power. Again, you don't just go, oh well now I love you. I know yesterday we were whipping you, but now I love you slave. That doesn't, that doesn't make sense. Okay? So slavery gets abolished and in about 1883 the UK abolishes slavery, or I guess the British Empire abolishes slavery and that means Jamaica. And that when they gotta release their slaves and most of the slaves stay on like my, my grandparents descendant stayed on and became like sharecroppers.


They just worked the farms 'cause they didn't really know what to do with their lives. And then those slave owners got together and started planning like how do we just re enslave them in a different way? And that tool to enslave them is government. You get your family involved in politics and then you tell those former slaves that you're fighting for their freedom. And all they have to do is keep fighting for more governance. What is more governance? It's slavery. It's slavery. But you dress it up as as freedom. You know, you're like, oh, social welfare programs, like we're gonna have your kids. We're gonna raise your kids. We're gonna do this. We're gonna offer you free handouts. Free handouts. And suddenly the next thing you know, you're being taxed into oblivion and all of your money, all of your earnings, you think you're working and you're independent, but your earnings are actually going to the very same people that enslaved you.


So yes, I find it interesting that Idriss got so involved. The descendant of wealthy slave owners from Barbados got so involved in labor politics and was really cared, cared about social politics, wanted to make sure about the social welfare of people, was okay, what does that sound like to you? This is what it sounds like to me. And then you have Mr. Christie still, who knows? I have no idea who the still don't know why we're referring to a Mr. Christie in this piece. I have no idea who it is. But what we do learn about Harold Allen, which I found interesting, so Iris's husband is that he was also the headmaster of Titchfield upper school.


Now If you remember a couple of the epic episodes, I told you that the first time we can find a trace of Donald J. Harris, it's at Titchfield upper school. He's listed, he's like 17 years old and he's listed there just a, it's just a school photo and his, his name happens to pop up as a 17-year-old. Otherwise, it's been very difficult to find anything on him. Do you guys understand like what I am piecing together here? It is my view today that Kamala Harris descends from a long line of wealthy slave owners who then turned into communist leaders with the explicit goal of overthrowing countries and overriding people's independent freedom under the guise of offering them more freedom, more handouts.


This seems to be the picture that we are painting on both sides of her family. Her mother came from a wealthy Indian communist family. Okay? Now we know, or I have a suspicion that her father as well came from a wealthy family of slave owners. I do believe that this is his true mother, not Beryl. And I'm gonna again now show you a different chart. This is just me putting together what I think the true family tree is. And obviously this is gonna take a lot more investigation, but I don't know about Shamal Golin yet. I'm still investigating her. I'm really sticking with Donald Terrace yet because I haven't felt like we've answered all the questions.


And the Lady Idriss Allen thing opened up a huge door. But I think these are his parents, I believe Lady Idriss Allen who allegedly had no children, no children at all. And you can teach. She lived a very long life and he describes, you know, the women who raised him lived a long life and says, oh, she died and, and it was very hard for me and blah blah, blah. Okay, well Lady Ariss Allen, if I'm correct, and that is his mother, that would be a massive secret and it would be a massive secret we're hiding because it would mean that she essentially descends from communist slave owning royalty who intentionally divided people and move them across into different countries and put them into powerful positions.


Now again, this is my conclusion based on what I am seeing, there is just no way. There is no way, okay, if it is, if there was a way I, I would buy a lottery ticket that all three of the relatives that they listed Christiana Brown Barrel and Miss Iris, that all three we can find records of, but we find them records as workers and not the owners that they allege that they were, unless this is a case of stolen identity, unless we are looking at something that is so diabolical and sick that they sold the identity of all of them because they needed to create a family tree that would obscure kamala's true heritage.


And the lack of reaction, the lack of an explanation that we are getting, knowing that there are millions of people watching this series leads me to believe that they are hiding this truth. Also, the I now, suddenly the trail has gone cold of me speaking with Donald Harris's brother again, I sense that he was being honest in saying that he did not know. Don't forget his own brother does not know who his mother is. He says Donald Harris is exceedingly private about that. Why on earth would you need to be exceedingly private about who your mother was? Unless she was someone who was very powerful, who was very connected, and someone who was very in involved in politics. Unless she was someone who was in support of a man who was rounding up and calling for the extermination of Rastafarian.


And you needed the public to believe despite having that in your line. Yes, let's exterminate the ROS fairs. You we're going to be so sick and twisted as to sell to the American public that this woman was the first black president of the United black female, president of the United States. Yeah, you'd wanna cover that up. So I, I have a lot of questions here and I, I think it, like I said, it is very likely that Donald Harris actually knew these people because according to just what I've been able to research, and I've been researching this all day, his mother, or who I believe could be his mother, Idriss Allen, was very, very busy by all accounts, she traveled a lot.


And so he would have been raised and had meaningful relationships with the help on hand. So he's just pretty much merging his memories. This is my mom. She did actually own a dry good store. She's in and out, she's traveling with politics, she's in the Barbados island, she's here and she's there. And then I'm plausibly being raised by Miss Iris, right? Plausibly being shown things by whoever he is, fading that memory in with Christiana Brown, the lawn dress. He's plausibly around these people while his mom is traveling. And that again would explain why do, why Donald Harris has been so private about his mother.


All Right guys, gonna take a quick break here before we then speak about some other things. Kamala Harris has said,


here's some exciting news. We just launched our new store on Sticker Mule. It's packed with awesome Candace Owens merch, including stickers, t-shirts and more. So head to sticker mule.com/ Candace and check it out. Now a big portion of the sales goes directly to the Candace Owens Show, supporting our mission to empower communities and promote free thought. So whether you want your show, whether you wanna show your support or just grab some cool gear, we have got you covered. Once again, you can head to sticker mule.com/ Candace. Go head to it right now.


All right, so that is my theory that Kamala was raised by militant Marxists who explicitly wanted to gain power in government. It's a terrifying theory. It means that woman should not, she's way too close right now to the White House. And it is not a person that you want in control of this country because there is, if that is proven correct, likely an entire network of people that she's working with worldwide. No question about it. And, and it is only going to lead to us having less independence and control over our independent lives. It is certainly a far cry from her story about growing up middle class. This is something that she just keeps saying, take a listen. And I come from the middle class.


Look, my mother raised my sister and me. She worked hard. She saved up by the time I was a teenager, she was able to buy our first home. And you know, home ownership for too many people in our country now is elusive. You know, She's just so fake. Take another, listen to her saying that again. I believe we need to grow in our middle class and make sure our economy works for everyone. For people like the people in the neighborhood where I grew up and the hardworking Americans I meet every day across our nation.


Action trained little Kami. Okay? So it's been brought to my attention by the way, that Kamala Harris during her formative years lived in Canada in an exceedingly wealthy community. Okay? Like a very wealthy community. Kamala did move to Canada at the age of 11 or 12 years old, and she graduated from West Mount High School in 1981. And the public school is in the wealthiest suburb of Montreal. She attended Veer College in Montreal and then she moved to Howard University in Washington DC And even when the New York Times was looking into Kamala Harris and describing her upbringing, they wrote this, eventually the family settled on the top floor of a spacious Victorian home in an affluent neighborhood bordering West Mount on Grovner Avenue, one of Canada's wealthiest districts.


It was a comfortable home with high ceilings, hardwood floors, Persian carpets recalled Ms. Kagan, who first met Ms. Harris in eighth grade and lived with her family for a time to escape an abusive stepfather. So Kamala Harris comes from money and that makes perfect sense given who her mother was and who her father was. And they're trying to obscure this fact again because they want people to think that she has some struggle in her and she doesn't. Okay? She simply does. Not even when there, this guy, Trevor Williams, who was a former basketball player on the Canadian Olympic team who dated her sister Maya Harris in high school, was speaking to the New York Times. He recalled that the Harris sisters played down their affluence.


He said quote, I didn't even realize at the time that their mother was this high powered doctor. Yeah, she was because, because she had a lot of money and she had a lot of connections. And because communists stay connected with another one another all around the world and they were interested again in achieving a type of enslavement over people under the guise of freedom. So it really is incredible to revisit that book. It's just drive the book is driving me crazy now, the truths that we hold, right? Because she speaks about moving to Canada and she writes this, I was happy just where I was, but when I was in middle school, we had to leave. My mother was offered a unique opportunity in Montreal teaching at McGill University and conducting research at the Jewish General Hospital.


It was an exciting step in advancing her career. It was not, however, an exciting opportunity for me. I was 12 years old and the thought of moving away from sunny California in February in the middle of the school year to a French speaking foreign city covered in 12 feet of snow was distressing to say the least. My mother tried to make it sound like an adventure, taking us to buy our first down jackets and mittens as though we were going to be explorers the great Northern Winter. But it was hard for me to see it that way. It was made worse from when my mother told us that she wanted us to learn the language. So she was enrolling us in a neighborhood school for native French speakers, Notre Dame Dene, our Lady of Snows. It was a difficult transition since the only French I knew was from my ballet classes where Madam Bovie, my ballet teacher would shout Demi pe and up.


And I used to joke that I felt like a duck. Okay, so here's the thing. If you attended ballet classes before you got to Canada, you were not having this middle class existence. I mean, it is just such a nonsense. Do you know how expensive ballet is? Okay, I just put my daughter in ballet classes and when I looked at the price, I was like, what am I doing? She's two years old. Like she's running around the class going like this, doing nothing. And I'm putting her into these ballet classes really? Because I just think she looks extremely cute in this little ballet cl outfit with her top bun, but it's expensive with one daughter. They had two, okay, two daughters in ballet class when she was living in California.


We need to stop with this narrative that Kamala Harris grew up middle class. It's so offensive to me. I I just can't stand anymore. If another person says it, I'm gonna be sick. I think I'm gonna be physically ill if we keep pretending that she is one of two things, one middle class and two black. We just have to stop doing both of those things immediately. Amazingly, she, she says that she, she took her, her, her hard upbringing, Albert ballet classes with her. She says, this is a quote I was sure to take my upbringing with me to Montreal. One day Maya and I held a demonstration in front of our building, protesting the fact that kids weren't allowed to play soccer on the lawn.


I'm hacked. Happy to report that our demands were met. Like, I mean, that is just definitively a made up story. It's a, it's just a made up story. There's no element of that story that is true. Like you did not demonstrate to play soccer in a lawn, in a brand new place in Montreal, Canada. I mean, how many months can you even play soccer up there? Weren't you just telling us that it was, it was so cold and you had to buy your down jackets and you were sad to say Avo to your French ballet teacher. What, what's going on? None of this makes any sense. This book is a treasure trove of bullshit. I am telling you. She, she then says, eventually I convinced my mother to let me switch to a fine art school where I tried out violin, french horn and kettle drum alongside my studies in history and math.


One year we performed free to be you and me from start to finish. I think I'm gonna be ill, but they, I'm gonna be physically ill. But first I'm gonna tell you about American Financing because mortgage interest rates are dropping and are now in the fours. If you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing today. 'cause many hardworking Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each month. It's time to get rid of those American Financing. Salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customer $800 a month. By doing this with rates dropping. The decision is so easy. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you can save. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments.


So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay, I have to just read, by the way, before we get out of here, I just need to read some of the comments on yesterday's episode because I was just laughing so hard late into the night realizing black people are hilarious because they're not trying to be funny and they've just hyper-focused on one thing and they need to talk about it and get it off their chest. And yesterday I was just going through the absurdity of all of her stories in this book, the truths we Hold, like just trying to black herself like she, I personally think she holds contempt for black people.


Now that I'm digging into her story and realizing like what her family roots are, I believe her contempt is what she thinks. Black people are stupid and she can just make up something about her background and we'll go for it. And so the collard greens in the bathtub, very disgusting, obviously just common sense, absolutely disgusting where you shower, got hair, skin, I don't know what else is in people's showers, what gets caught in the drain. You don't just drop food in there. It's just not a thing that you should do. And it's obvious that if it's a thing that you do, it's just not gonna be a thing that a black person does. This is honestly, we're getting now into like basic science, right? So black people do not do these things. So these are some comments from yesterday's episode that I wanted to read. Marie writes, black people don't wash greens in the bathtub. Not only is that disgusting, it's insulting. I am Tamaya writes, been Black American all my life and never seen anybody cook greens in the bathtub.


Les Mackenzie writes, someone should have asked her how they cooked collared greens in her house. Who the hell watches collared greens in a bathtub? Bon wolf writes, I'm an older woman from the country. Back in the day we called the large containers used for cleaning greens tubs. No one used a bathtub to clean their greens. Not knowing this detail is where she messed up the lies. She is full of crap. Proctor writes, nobody black is washing collard greens in the tub. Nobody. Leonard writes, how does a Hindu Indian woman raise two proud black girls? That's in response to her. Sitting down with Matt Barnes and being like my, you know, my mother raised two proud black girls. Literally how the math isn't math. Kamala, how does that work?


Can anybody do that? Can anybody just raise two proud black girls? I just don't get it. Cecilia writes, very interestingly, I am an Indian still living in India. Kamala's mother was an ire. Brahman, an upper cast who are very, very prejudiced and blacks don't stand a chance to suggest that her mother raised her and her sister to be two proud black women in white America is really awkward. Yes, as I said, I want to do like an entire week dedicated to Kamala's mother. I might even do an entire week dedicated to Doug Emh. I should, but he hasn't said anything about Janet Jackson, I'm sure right now. He's just like, you know what? I love Jan Jackson. I'm not gonna say anything about Jan Jackson.


Doug is probably realizing right now to just stay away from the topic of Jan Jackson altogether. And Kamala probably wishes she did. I feel like maybe Michelle called Michelle Obama called and was just like, girl, did you really have to go for Jan Jackson? And she was like, I didn't know. I didn't know Didn didn't actually grow up with any of his music, but I said, I grew up with, but we're here and I'm gonna keep going. And I know that there is a lot that's happening. Also, that woman that I suspect highly suspect is Donald Harris's real mother that he's hiding and merging all of these stories with, or I, I guess she could be a grandmother, but now I think it's actually his mother because of the timeline of when she's born in 1909 and he's then born in 1938. I, I very much believe that the more that we look into her, we will be able to sort of establish this network of people who I believe are working on behalf of Busta Monte and other people who have very shady backgrounds, just appeared in countries and began overthrowing things under the guise of freedom.


And I just really wanna illustrate here, this makes Kamala Harris exceedingly dangerous. I don't quite think people understand what we are dealing with here. If you have a woman who has a grandparent or a great-grandparent who was tight with Busante, who was rounding up Rastafarians and cutting their dreads off and killing and torturing them and calling for a genocide of them who can just not have any guilt, even slight guilt about that, and just pull out a black card and just be like, yeah, like I'm the, I'm gonna be the first black president and talking about her heritage in Harlem, like someone who's capable of that, that just feels nothing in their soul is not a person that you want to give more power to.


So I am calling on Kamala Harris and her team to simply answer these questions. I'm calling upon them. I think that we have produced enough evidence here that something is not adding up. That this is now legitimately substantiated. That there are a lot of holes in their official legend that they tried to establish for the public back in 2019. I think it would be the correct thing to respond to it meaningfully to tell us where to look so that we can make sense of your background. Maybe there is really just a double barrel Christiana and another iris who really did live the lives that you say that they lived, who happened to have the same names of the workers who worked exactly where they worked.


Maybe there is, I'm open to that like 2% possibility. And again, I'm not doing this because I am trying to like say that she doesn't have a right to respond to it. And I'm doing this because this investigation is important to understanding who it is, who is asking for more power in America. That it is, it is the most relevant thing. And yes, this began with something very simple, Janet Jackson. But now we are somewhere so far beyond that, that every single person should be interested because as I said, If you have it within you to take the identity of black people who were washing your clothes, right, dealing with your plantation, your, your sugar plantation, which means they were descendants of the slaves that you owned and you felt nothing when you stole their identity to create a story about yourself so that other black people would be enslaved by you in a different country.


You are disturbed, disturbed and dismissed as far as I'm concerned. I welcome her to come on this show. I welcome her to have a phone call. I welcome her to do whatever she wants. Any Harris person would like to clarify some things. I'm an open book. I'm open to changing and modifying anything I've gotten wrong. We are investigating and I'm starting to draw some conclusions here, but it is still an investigation and I'm open to hearing any place where we've gotten things wrong. So guys, unfortunately next week I'm going to be on vacation. Not unfortunately, I'm actually really thrilled to you on vacation, but I'm, it's unfortunate that we're gonna have to stop this investigation. Don't worry, I will still have content for you. So if you're watching us on YouTube, be sure to hit the little bell that will tell you the episodes will be a just interviews that we have done actually incredibly on Monday.


Do not Miss Monday's episode. You remember the plane MH three 70 that just disappeared. Do you ever wonder like what happened to that plane? Because I sat down with someone who presented a very solid theory of what happened to that plane. Like literally make sure you hit notifications on YouTube and that you take a listen because it blew my mind, but also somewhere in my soul, I just knew that it was right. Like the government has just been like hiding technology from us, hiding truths from us, spiritual truths about us, like where we come from, everything. And it just like it blew my mind. If you're someone who can open your mind and expand your mind to the possibility that your government is lying to you about a lot because they've been caught lying to you about a lot, then you need to be here on Monday.


But we will have episodes premiering Monday through Thursday next week while I'm on vacation. And I will take the time while I'm on vacation to deeply research Idriss Allen and the rest of the family to put the pieces together because I, I do believe that this is the thing that they are hiding. Please take the time to go to locals. We'll put up these charts that we showed today and support the show in whatever capacity that you can, like while you're there. Just give, you can give $1 a month, whatever it is, it keeps us free so we don't have to worry about YouTube demonetizing us as they already have. That's all that we have for you today. We will see you next week, even though I will not be here in the flesh. Send me anything you find info at Candace dot com. We'll see you guys then.