
All Right guys, we're getting closer. I am convinced that we are going to be the October surprise because I'm telling you, things are developing on the Kamala front in a very big way. And I wanna say this, I feel it in my soul, in my spirit, that this woman is an operative. That she was selected and that she was groomed by government agencies. I'm comfortable saying that publicly. I hope Kamala comes out and sues me 'cause that would afford us discovery so we can get answers to many questions that we have. She would have to prove that what I was saying was untrue. Thanks to strong defamation laws. I've been receiving, by the way, as of late, a ton of emails about Tim Walls as well. Kamala's VP pick a suspicious VP pick because who exactly picked him?


Absolutely no one out there thinks that it was Kamala herself. I said, yeah, gimme the governor of Minnesota, huh? Who is he? What do they have on Tim Waltz? If anything, today we're going to take a brief look into some of the rumors that have been circulating about him. So let's immediately get started. Welcome back to Candace. Alright, so right at the top, in case you guys missed the update on Instagram yesterday, obviously we covered the article that was written by former Japan Times editor, Yoichi Shiatsu, who claims that he ran the same circles as Kamala Harris and Berkeley personally hates her, made that very clear.


Hates her mother, who he claims was a part of the MK Ultra Program. Now, we did not speak much or at length about the MK Ultra Program. We have very much on this show. For those of you that are new to listening to this podcast, it is an important program for you to familiarize yourself with because you do have to become awakened to how tremendously evil our government is that they engaged in this long period of being quite obsessed with how to brainwash people, and I'm talking brainwash individuals. They were obsessed with being able to delete memories from their brains and being able to insert memories into their brains. Really terrifying stories of people that they were able to convince to commit crimes.


People that you thought when you learned about all these serial killers, oh my gosh, Netflix telling you about serial killers. This must be the story. A lot of these people were government operatives. I mean, I would offer a guess that the concept of a serial killer came out of government operatives. I, I truly believe government programs like MK Ultra and the Charles Manson murders is a great starting point. It's why I say you have to read that book Chaos because it deeply dives into the MK Ultra Program, but also makes you aware of the plausibility of a mass psychosis. That's why that book is just so incredible because it was the Charles Manson murders that ended the hippies generation, and I wanna be clear, the hippies generation, they thought like, oh, we just were doing this.


No, that too was a government operation. They flooded the streets with LSD. They were even slipping LSD 'cause that was their drug of choice. They were, they thought that LSD would provide the means to brainwash people and that was proven successful with Charles Manson's little hippie commune because he was an operative for them and they were obsessed with getting people on LSD. I believe the reasons for that was because they wanted to crush Christianity in this country. And what better way to do that than via the sexual revolution. Everybody's sleeping with everybody living in a commune. Sex, love, rock and roll. The music is adding to that music. It's, it's real frequencies. It makes you feel a certain way.


Certain bands were involved in this program. It's very clear that there are a lot of government agents that are in Hollywood. Always has been the circumstance. So they're trying to tell you that's all conspiracy. It's all crazy. Guys read the government documents. They are declassified. Learn the truth about the Charles Manson murders face fully. Just be willing to confront how evil your government is. And it wasn't just LSD by the way that was being used as a mechanism to control people and to brainwash them. It was also sexual assault. They wanted to experiment with whether or not they could brainwash people via sexual assault. You can look this up by the way. It's, it's so abundantly obvious and true that even Wikipedia shares that basic information about the MK Ultra Program and it's really shocking to see how many people are on that list.


Trust nothing. When Netflix is presenting to you a deep story about somebody you know. Oh, let me tell you the truth about Jeffrey Dahmer. I have my own suspicions that he too was somebody that was a part of a government program. Anyways, we're not gonna get lost on that. The point is, is that the government is interested, has always been interested in how to brainwash the masses, how to brainwash individuals, and this is something that I have been rather obsessed with this year, learning about various psychosis. I think most people are, are joining this program now because we're we're realizing that Covid, we got to really just see a mass psychosis implemented before our very eye. Some people who are listening to this podcast fell victim to it, and by way that is understandable.


It's totally understandable. You have to forgive yourselves because these people are way ahead of the ball. They know how to do it. They know how to use the media, they know how to use repetition. They know how to use gaslighting. You know, Sigmund Freud being the father of these techniques, they are way advanced. But you guys, we are all kind of catching up to this and there is just something about this man, this journalist Yoi coming out and saying that Kamala Harris's mother was a part of this program that just makes perfect sense, claiming that Kamala Harris and that same piece was previously married to a British Canadian guy and basically used her connections within the deep state to virtually delete this from the record in preparation for this run that just passes a stiff test for me.


We did our due diligence on that very quickly and we came across, what we were clear was a potential record between a Kamala d Harris and a Philip D. Henderson that we found in Reno. Now we were supposed to receive that record today from the recorder's office. It said 24 hours after be paid for it. We still have not yet received it. That's why we're running a bit late. We just kept refreshing. It's been more than 24 hours. However, we do feel that we can safely debunk this one because upon further digging we found a different Kamala d Harris that has a different middle name and I think that is the one that married Philip, Philip D. Harris. So if you've been sending us information on that, please refocus your attention, refocus your research on trying to find a record of the marriage which may exist.


We don't know if the person's name is Philip. We're trying to find a previous marriage of Kamala, which existed in maybe the UK or the Canada or in Canada. He says that it was in the society page in Canada. Somebody is collecting newspapers. I've had some emails of people that say that they recall this, they don't have it. We need more than that and we are still awaiting a response from Yoichi. I feel, I feel in my gut he is going to respond that he will get around to it even though I believe he currently lives in Hong Kong. We were able to get his actual email. But there's something else here that I would like to say regarding Donald Terrace Kamala's father. I also feel certain that Donald Harris is completely lying about his identity due to the communication that we are having right now in the background with people who would know this as a fact, people that were not willing or able to discuss today.


But we are going to, as we collect more information, I do feel that we will be able to prove beyond a shadow of a doubt before we get to the election, that my instincts, that barrel Grandma Barrel and great grandma Christiana Brown, that Iris Finnegan, that the women that were pictured in the photos in Kamala's book, the truths we hold my instincts are going to be proven correct that these are not her biological grandparents. That yes, of course these women did in fact exist. That's the best way to tell a lie, is to include some truths in there. You know, you wanna do two truths, one lie. I've always believed these women existed. There's no doubt of that.


And I believe that Donald Terrace was exposed to these women. There's no doubt about that in my mind either, but I fully believe that these women were the help. That is just the only thing that makes sense. By the way, a ton of you guys have communicated to me that Snopes has debunked our grandma barrel theory by finding the true Barrel death certificate, which shows that Barrell died in 1995. I'm showing you that death certificate. I just also wanna be clear, I don't know if you've skipped episodes. We showed this death, this birth certificate, pardon? Death certificate on the show. First, we highlighted it as possible that this could be a barrel, but we deemed it unlikely given the fact, and let's pull it back up that the person who signed off on it, we said we couldn't identify as the member of the the family Douglas Finnegan.


We still, after having spoken to Kamala's family cannot identify who that is that signed this death certificate. And we also deemed it unlikely because If you look at the cause of death, it says bedsores. Okay? So Donald Harris, a wealthy professor who traveled the world, in my mind, I said he wouldn't allow his mother to die from not being rolled over in 1995. But I digress. If they are verifying as Snopes has that this is in fact the correct barrel that is pictured there, then this only further confirms my suspicion that the woman was not the wealthy descendant of previous slave owners who received what would've been millions of dollars because they handed over their slaves.


You got paid for their slaves rather by the British government. British government when they abolished it. Yeah, that kind of doesn't make sense to me. Just died of bed source. Then there's this, okay, we found, we were able to determine that a woman who went by Barrell or Christie, we keep seeing those two names together, applied for a housekeeping position in 1975. This was in the Kingston. Gleaner employment wanted a household female experienced, recommended women live in or out seek employment as housekeeper cook lawn, dress days, worker Nursemaid Barrel or Christie.


Has Snopes yet worked to debunk our assertion that Christiana Brown, the one that is shown in Donald Harris's essay, this woman may in fact have been a lawn dress who identified herself as a lawn dress in a case related to election fraud in Jamaica. Are they too busy to look into that? Are we supposed to still pretend that a worldly political woman who owned and operated dry good stores and supported local politicians and spoke every day about trade and taught Donald trade as he asserted throughout his piece, would describe herself as a mere laundress? Listen, like I said, some people who we are speaking to who would know for a fact whether or not what I was saying was true or false are making us feel certain that we are barking up the right tree and they're helping in this investigation.


And so we are going to stick with it. Something is just not right about Donald Terrace is not right when relatives are saying they've never met his mom. Relatives that are close to him are saying they've never met his mom. None of this makes any sense. I believe that Kamala is lying about her genealogy and I believe the state is helping her to do that. Just as Yoi is asserting, I believe there is a, a collaborative effort here behind the scenes and my gut sends me that way because I mean, I just put myself in her situation. If I had a person with a platform of my size out there saying, oh, Candace is lying about the fact that her grandma was born and raised between St.


Thomas and Tortola and grew up on the islands and like that her grandma is, but I would be First and foremost livid because of how close I was to my grandma, okay? Like raised in her house during my formative years. My grandmother is Caribbean. Like I would be in five seconds out there being like, who are you to tell me that my grandmother is not black to tell me that my grandmother did not grow up on the island to tell me that my grandmother didn't have a thick Caribbean accent. And like First and foremost I used to correct my grandma. She, she'd say, throw it away, throw it away. I say, grandma, it's throws throw. Grandma throw it to it. No grandma, it's throw grandma. When I was a little kid she'd be like out the light, I'd be like, grandma, we don't say out the light, it's, it's turned the lights off Grandma.


There's just no way that I would just be mom only just one picture of her in a book and then like I'm not even gonna answer any questions about my heritage. Something is wrong. We all feel it. She is lying about her genealogy and the person that I'm in communication with, like I said we're collaborating right now, who is being very forthcoming with information told me that in Jamaica there was this huge importation of a lot of Chinese and Jewish communists or rather people who purported that they were fleeing communism who then settled in Jamaica is what I should say, right? So they get there in Jamaica and I find that to be of great interest to me because America dealt with a sim similar influx of a bunch of immigrants who purported to be fleeing communism in Russia who didn't actually flee communism.


They brought it to America. Hence McCarthy. McCarthy, Senator McCarthy. He was a hero. He was telling the truth. You learned that wrong in your history books. Communists are very good at assuming different identities. They are gypsies. And I remain extremely bothered by the fact that Kamala just didn't mention the fact that she had all of these white relatives, that she was extremely close to anywhere. She just rinsed it, rinsed it completely from her background and her history. I find that to be a severe lie by omission. Here's the thing, I know we're not supposed to go down in conspiracy land, I just live there permanently.


'cause I think conspiracy land is gut land and we are just all coming to terms with the fact that something is wrong. There is too much synergy between what is happening in France. Emmanuel Macron, his shady background, his wife who's definitively born a man, okay? Him also being raised by his grandparents, shady broken family structure, didn't really know his parents growing up, but his grandma was there and raised. It's all so related. The Barack Obama story follows, the Emmanuel Macron story follows the Kamala Harris story. How are they all growing up with such a similar non-existence, just a non-existence, right? Like it, it doesn't make any sense that this many people who are being put into positions of power have such shady upbringings.


It's not that difficult to say, this is my mom and this is my dad and they raised me in some capacity. Also, remember yesterday when I said that there was virtually no information, they tried to wipe the information that Barack Obama lived for like 8, 10, 10 years, first years of his life in Indonesia. And then like that one reporter found the one pamphlet that showed that he went by Barry Ro and he also went by Barry Sarro in college, like his name was Barry sat Toro and there was very little information available about Lolo ro very few pictures available about Lolo Sarro his stepdad. Well, I didn't realize that Judge Joe Brown, man, that judge is coming with the receipts, actually sat down in interview with Schoon TV and called out Lolo Sarro.


He claims that he was A-A-C-I-A operative. Take a listen. Well, there are pictures of Bush with his arm around 8-year-old Barack Obama because his stepdaddy adopted Daddy Lolo. So Toro had done a lifetime worth of business with the Bushes. Wow. Uncle George Herbert Walker after whom George Herbert Walker Bush, Bush Warren president was named, founded Halliburton in 1946 in Oklahoma and Lolo. So Toro had been international executive vice president for Standard oil there, there was 12 of him being a CIA asset. Oh, well, yes, Indonesia, he ran the death squads for the Indonesian army on his own call.


Anyone could be assassinated. So when George Herbert Walker Bush became head of the CIA onto the Ford administration, he just got with his old buddy in the oil business, Lolo, so Toro and pulled off the hits. See, Barack's grandmother has been acknowledged as being the woman that operated the channels through which CIA money went to the Southwest Pacific. So she introduced her daughter who had just had Barry Barack to Lolo Soro, and they got married and Lolo Soro adopted Barack Obama.


The name was changed to Barry Soro. Now when he went to high school in Hawaii, I know about that high school almost sent my oldest son to it. I could afford it, but I didn't think he deserved, deserved it. 20 years ago, the tuition was $95,000 a year, not including room and board. When Obama went there, I've talked to two of his classmates. They independently state that the tuition not including room and board with 45,000. Now Business Insider reports his income for 2017 at over 200 million net. That's after taxes, deductions write-offs for this last year, 2018, they reported it as 570 plus million dollars and that's after all deductions tax, right?


Trump doesn't make that debt. I mean, Even some of the richest people in America don't make that. Why? Because when his Stepdaddy died, he was one of the 10 15 richest men on earth and he left everything in the trust fund operated outta Indonesia. So the American government can't touch it. That makes Barack Obama one third beneficiary for the assets of one of the 10 15 richest men on earth. Wow. See? So we got a game run on us. So you know that little thing that Bush w does when he gets with Michelle, they giggle and he gives her candy the inside thing.


Is that supposed to be the same kind of candy he used to give to her husband when he was 6, 7, 8 years old? Oh wow. All I'm saying is that when you hear the truth, it just hits differently and it's the only thing that makes sense because we're looking around and we're going, where are these people coming from? Like, it, it's, it feels like they're just being minted as leaders. I mean, Kamala Harris didn't even win, they just moved Joe Biden aside and said, here you go, vote for Kamala. I mean, that's completely crazy. If this is supposed to be a a, a democracy, right? If we're supposed to be having this system in which any person can be president of the United States, why does it only feel as though people that are deeply connected in a web of politics are the ones that do become presidents of the United States?


Why does it always feel that it's somebody who has a shady upbringing? Okay, who, someone like Barack Obama who spends time on an island, very likely was a part of a military program. People like the Bush family, like the Clinton family. Why does it feel as though we don't have the system that we purport to have something is very wrong? I believe these individuals are being bred. I think a lot of these people also are being selected after they are caught committing crimes because then they know that they can be controlled. And I'm, when I say who is controlling them, I'm, I'm referring to the ccia A and I think that everyone's waking up to it right now, And so we gotta acknowledge it, we have to speak about it, and it's the only way that we're gonna be able to come up with a conclusion.


I also want to now speak about what's going on with Tim Walls. I I was reticent to speak about this, but I think it, it, there's been too much rumbling about it and it's time to,


first I wanna throw it to one of our sponsors because the incompetence of the Biden Harris administration is something that we cannot handle as a country for another four years. It's why many Americans have been buying tangible assets such as precious metals like gold and silver. I've teamed up with a great company who's made buying medals very easy, transparent, and simple. And that company is Gold Co. They're a huge supporter of the show and they're very good at what they do. So If you're interested in buying precious metals or you just wanna learn about how they can help you, visit Candace likes gold.com. You won't forget that domain name right now, you can get a free 2025 gold and silver kit jam packed with critical information about the challenges our economy faces and how precious metals could be a possible solution for my listeners. You could also qualify for up to a 10% instant match in bonus Silver. It's a great deal. So go to Candace likes gold.com to learn more. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


Alright, let's talk about this mysterious case of Kamala's running partner Tim Waltz. Now, so many of you guys have emailed us, why aren't you covering this budding story? What's going, why, why aren't you speaking about this? And the answer is because the allegations are severe. We wanna be cautious because there is also a chance that it's a trap that's a perfectly laid trap that's being laid for us ahead of the election. So they can go, oh look, it's the Q Anon people and they said this and there was no truth to this. And you just have to be careful this close to an election, you wanna make sure that anything that that you're reporting on is fact-based, or at least has legs to it so you can go, okay, we're not certain for sure. And regarding Tim Walls, parking aside, any allegations, I do want to say this, he just gives me the heebie-jeebies.


Do you guys know the Hebe? Everybody knows what the heebie-jeebies are. Women, we know what the heebie-jeebies are. Okay. It's like it's a spiritual condition that women have. You can't explain it. You come across someone, you just go Mm, You know, like Mm, don't trust it and there's no words like you don't know. No, but you know, look at somebody, you're just like, I don't like, I don't have any facts, but I know I just, no, I don't know. No, but I know that's the heebie-jeebies. That's not the heebie GBS work. It's just a thing, a vibe that goes around. What we do know for certain regarding Tim Walls is that he has like, you know, a loose relationship, I would say with the truth. I mean it was back in a radio interview in 2019.


He claimed that he was in Hong Kong on the day of the Tiana Men Square massacre. He wasn't and they said, oops, I got my timeline mixed up. Like really? I feel like that's not something you forget. Like, ah, I was there nine 11 at the World Trade Center. Oh, actually I was a little confused. I was a couple of weeks later and I was actually not even in New York, huh? You know, then there was like the Harris campaign circulating a clip on acts where he was speaking about gun violence and he said, you know, we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. And he heavily suggested that he was therefore in a combat zone like weapons I carried in war. And it turned out that that just wasn't true.


According to the Nebraska Army National Guard, he enlisted in April of 1981, just two days after his 17th birthday. And he entered service as an infantryman completing a 12 week army infantry basic training course before graduating from high school. In 1996, he transferred to the Minnesota Army National Guard. In 2003 he was deployed to Italy, which was just like a support position of the active military forces. He was never actually put in the combat zone himself, which explains why he cannot even load a shotgun. I can't believe he did this, had cameras following him. He was just gonna show he is a man and we're supposed to believe he's like some war vets and he's gonna go shoot some pheasant and unfortunately just couldn't load a shotgun.


I mean, take a look at this. It's just incredible. Yeah, That's why theory and it never fits quite right, never fits quite right, just not quite right. How do you give it that governor? What kind of gun is it? This is a Beretta a 400 I brought, I bought it when I was shooting a lot of trap because it has a kind of their patented thing I kick off. So when you get old, it doesn't hurt your shoulder as much. I think that was, it was supposed to be designed as some press that was going to bring Republican voters to him and it did the exact opposite. Let me tell you the, the red-blooded conservatives will not be voting for him based on that clip of him being completely unable to load a shotgun despite not being in a combat zone.


Anyways, the allegations that most people have been reluctant to cover, there's no big conspiracy going on here. We're just waiting for more proof. They are of course way more serious than whether or not he was in a combat zone. Look, here's the thing that, I'll say stereotypes, I like 'em. I believe in them. I don't believe stereotypes come from nowhere. I think it's fine for us to admit like, hey, If you had to pick like the greatest driver in America, you wouldn't be like, give me the Asian woman. Right? I think that's fair. I think it's fair. There are, are Asian stereotypes, black people stereotypes. If you're like, Hey, I really wanna get my accounting done, taxes done. Like you're not gonna be like, like give me the female black girl. I know, of course. I'm not saying you can't be like brilliant and my sister's an accountant and she's really good at math, but I'm saying If you just had to like quickly pick someone in a room based on stereotypes, you're like, hmm, okay.


And there are straight man stereotypes and there's homosexual man stereotypes and I would just say like as a straight man stereotype off the bat, I don't think that straight men, when they are employed at schools, like start clubs for homosexuals, I just don't think that that's something that happens. And Tim Waltz did that and NP and the NPR like kind of came out with this story and really tried to sell it to Americans by writing about a guy named Jacob Raton who apparently was one of the students at the school that Tim Waltz went through. I'm gonna just read this to you directly. Tongs and threats escalated as rumors about Jacob Rattans sexual orientation swirled around his Southern Minnesota high school during his senior year in 1999.


Like right there. I was kind of like really like in the nineties, like taunts and threats for being gay. It's giving the Laramie project vibes, which is like, we're not being told the truth. Whatever, whatever. Let's just take this at face. Value it, right? It goes on and say someone chalked a slur on his driveway in giant letters. Like, was I living in a different 99 existence? Like I feel like everybody in the nineties just like got along, like nobody was writing like gay slurs on somebody's driveway in chalk, but whatever sells papers. I guess his mother recalled being horrified by anonymous male that arrived at their house. Like people were just this obsessed with the idea that someone might be gay in 1999. They were just like chalking up his driveway and after the teenager found his car window smashed in the high school parking lot, this was like a movie.


He told officials at Mankato West High School that he intended to come out of the closet and sought their support to start a gay street alliance club. The principal made an unconventional decision in the choice of a faculty advisor for the club, which the high school had never had before in this relatively conservative city. Tim Walls, a geography teacher who was also a football coach. Mr. Walls readily agreed and the choice came as a relief to Mr. Raton. So he was selected and agreed that he would help start this club with a kid who apparently for whatever reason, people were chalking his driveway and smashing in his car because he might be gay. I don't know, doesn't pass the vibe check, but that's what they're saying is true. Okay? So there has been a person who is deeming themselves to be a whistleblower who has been going around to various people.


It made its way to me as well claiming that he was one of claiming that he's a student that was essentially groomed by Tim Walls and that he will be taking further action. He's been, and and again, this could be a person who's just in the mix saying stuff, claiming that he was in some way abused by Tim Walls. And I think it's worth discussing because the rumor mill has gotten big enough. Again, I don't have any concrete proof for me personally, I would need a person's name to verify that they actually lived to and went to the same school. He claims that he's going to be forthcoming with that. You know, I do a lot of work with Ian Carroll. He is the talker and he went to suss this out like even more like he went to fish out the details of this even more by contacting the whistleblower and had a 42 minute discussion with him on the phone, which he felt that the person who came forward was being entirely legitimate as well as others in the movement who felt that he was being legitimate.


But people can be great performers. Anyways, I will allow you to listen to what Ian Carroll concluded after his phone call with the alleged whistleblower. Take a listen Today I had a 40 minute phone call with what sounded an awful lot like a genuine whistleblower. This is the phone call. There was no weird like breaks in character. There was no weird like the, the vibe very, and like, You know, I can be fooled. I'm no ultimate judge of character. I'm not perfect. I'm also not like some professional journalist or anything, but my judgment of what I heard and what I asked and what was said to me, it sounded like it was a real story.


And the details seemed to line up not only with what else had been said, but also with what I could corroborate about like where Tim Walls was at that time and what he was doing at that time. And, and who knows. And so basically, here's where we're at. Whistleblower is seeking a legal course of action. Now I'm gonna say more about that, but allegedly told me that they are not seeking any kind of payout, that they're seeking only reimbursement for court fees and basically peace of mind to not have to see Tim Walls on screen, on on the, you know, in the White House for four years. And whistleblower knows of several other people that experienced the same or similar types of abuse.


Whistleblower says they have lots of proof. Allegedly there is a cache of journals and like archive, like letters, like just documents from the time that help corroborate the story. And they're allegedly stashed where multiple of these people have access to them and allegedly they're, they feel comfortable sending photos of some of those documents that won't give away their identity yet, but will at least help to corroborate the story. Allegedly, allegedly. There's also more actions being taken behind the scenes that I'm not gonna talk about right now. All I'm gonna say is that it could all be fake. There's no proof of anything yet and you should treat it as such unconfirmed, uncorroborated internet claims.


But there might be something there. So look, we, we need concrete evidence in my view, and that's why I'm not gonna show the letter that the whistleblower wrote to the public about what happened. Now he is describing specific body parts with tattoos. Like I said, he could just be an incredible performer. So we, we should just be very fair because with all matters, especially pertaining to sexual assault, like if someone just made a claim against me, I would not want somebody to not do the due diligence to corroborate that claim before they introduced it to the public. But like I said, everyone's speaking about it, we're getting emails about it. So I also don't want to treat you guys like you're so dumb that you're like, yes, why aren't you covering this? Like obviously it's happening, I want you to know that we're following it. But until there's a little more to bite, I don't feel confident.


And look, he says in the next coming days he's gonna come out with much more, he's contacting authorities, et cetera, et cetera. We're, we are gathering that evidence and we will be able to hit the go button when and if that moment comes. But I, I feel like we should verify first before we trust somebody that is anonymous. So I also am interested by the way in what the media rushes to cover and what they don't cover. Like if a woman says like Trump sneezed on them, they're like, it's a hundred percent true. Hashtag believe women don't even need anything. But then of course like when it's Democrat politician, because we're more like, we are just more responsible in general. We don't do the same thing. And their media is just like ignoring an entirely, even when there is proof. Like you, they could have somebody with full proof.


Hunter Biden had a whole laptop. It was him smoking the crack pipes. It was literally they were like, don't believe your own eyes. That is what you gotta appreciate about the left. They, they really are something. Anyways, one thing that is interesting that I wanna point out is that part of the allegations this person asserted that Tim Walch took him to a concert. Well Tim and his wife have offered up that they did in fact take students to concerts. So I found that to be weird in general, like hanging out with your, your teacher at a concert. Maybe I'm weird, maybe I'm old fashioned. I don't even like seeing my teacher at the grocery store. Like that feels inappropriate. Like If you bump into them outside of school, I'm like, what are you, what are you doing here? What are you doing here, Mrs. Balestre? I don't know, it just feels very wrong to me.


So anyways, I'm gonna leave that right there.


Tell you guys a little bit about Beam lately my family and I have been doing a lot of overseas traveling. And let me tell you one thing that remains constant no matter where I am, is the importance of sleep. Especially when you're jet lag as I have been. Sleep is our foundation. It fuels our energy, sharpens our minds, and keeps us right at tackle the challenges of the day. And that is where Beam Dream comes in. It's not just another supplement, it's a game changer. It's formulated with natural ingredients. Beam helps you drift into a peaceful sleep. So you wake up refreshed and ready to seize the day without the grogginess of other sleep meds. All you need to do is mix Beam into hot water or milk froth it and you can enjoy it before bed. Right now my listeners will get a special discount on their science backed healthy hot cocoa for sleep with no added sugar. So make sleep a priority and try beam's bestselling dream powder and Get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Candace and use code CANDACE at checkout. That's shop b eam.com/ Candace and use code Candace for up to 40% off better Sleep has never tasted better.


All right, now we gotta get to some of these clips that I missed while I was in Tokyo. I've been dying to get to this. I'm so excited. I obviously heard that Kamala appeared on the call her daddy podcast. Now I wanna be clear, If you are a listener of the CandaceOwens podcast, we can be pretty damn sure that you are not a listener of the Call Her Daddy podcast. Probably a lot of you had not even heard of it. It is a big podcast, there's no question about it. But I would say that If you identify as a conservative, it is probably not in your top 10. So First and foremost, let's just let Kamala explain is really the first question that Alex Cooper, who is the host of caller Daddy asked was, why did you wanna come on this podcast of all the, and that's a great question.


Take it away, Kamala, I'm curious, like you don't do too many long form interviews. What made you wanna do call Daddy today? Well, I think you and your listeners have really got this thing right, which is one of the best ways to communicate with people is to be real, you know, and to talk about the things that people really care about. I mean, what I love about what you do is that your voice in, in your show is really about your listeners. And I think especially now, this is a moment in the country and in life where people really want another seen and heard and, and that they're part of a community, that they're not out there alone.


And, And so I'm really glad to be with you. That's a lot of words and a lot of euphemisms to describe the community that she's referring to. For better or worse, what it is, is it's a, it's a sex themed podcast. There's really no way that you can talk about call her Daddy without saying that it's women that get together and talk about sex. I mean, even when they launched this podcast for clarity, Alex Cooper, that host just turned 30 years old, she launched it with another girl then that her and that girl had a falling out. And really they just kind of keep this flow of women that come on to talk about their failed relationships, talk about their sex moves. And I'm gonna show you another clip. By the way, If you are young, I do want you to just turn this off for two minutes because we have cleaned it up as much as we can and it still offends my ears so much.


But it's important that I show this to you because I want you to have a realistic understanding of the podcast that this team, the presidential candidate sat down and said, yes, let's do this podcast. To be clear, when it launched they launched by, among other things, they started a blow job move that was referred to as the Gluck Luck 9,000. Like they like. Just so you understand how graphic this podcast can get, she has hosted various porn stars to speak about their favorite positions. One such porn star is Lana Rhodes. And I'm gonna let you listen to this again. We have cleaned this up as much as we can and it still offends me. So If you just don't wanna hear the next minute, you can turn down the volume.


And I recommend that you do 'cause that's what I would do. I am really doing this as a journalistic endeavor because it's important to understand who Kamala Harris is. When she gave you that word salad about the community of call her daddy, this is what she's referring to. Take a listen. What is like, what are your go-to favorite sex positions? I am so basic. I love missionary. I love missionary too. It's the best. I think it's great. It's the best. I think it's Great. It feels the best for me. Like with Mike at least one thing that's interesting that I just started like doing with him that I never did with anyone else, oh is I said that we like missionary. So like whenever he's on top I'll like, and he's like going and now I'll like pull him in like even harder just So it goes like all the way, like deep in Hard. Are you pulling like his Hips?


Yeah, his hips. How just Ming in? Yes. And and like it's like you can't get in and hard enough, hard enough. Yeah. Like you're like I Literally inside. I know. Seriously. It's offending me. It is genuinely offending me. Okay. And that by the way, in her discussion with Lana Rhodes, that was the most PG portion. Even the description on YouTube. I'm just amazed I'm not, I'm not allowed to be, I'm not allowed to make money on YouTube and it's just amazes me What is on YouTube? The description in the box on YouTube says Alex and former porn star Lana Rhodes discuss, I'm not gonna read this. Bleep bleep bleep your man bleep. While he is on all fours different types of, and I'm giving the nice word here, testicles school girl role play and the strangest role play that Lana proposed to a boyfriend and got turned down.


Okay, so this is the call her daddy podcast. Now, when the call her daddy podcast is trying to be, I guess cleaner and funnier, they host people like Megan Fox, you know, who talks about like drinking the blood of the person that she loves has done that. She speaks about that and she just kind of gives advice to women and, and speaks about all the work that she has done to her face. Here's Megan Fox on the caller daddy podcast. When I had to go in for this set, I was like, look, if you're gonna put me to sleep, if I'm gonna be sick for two months from the general anesthesia, if I'm gonna feel, if I'm gonna go through, 'cause I'm not fully ever asleep so my soul's like fighting on the surgical tables, he'll wake up. It's a very traumatizing experience for me.


I was like, I better wake up with the biggest boobs you can fit in my body. And that is what he said he did. And they're not even that big. They're a 30 2D, which is not that big. They just look big on my body. 'cause my body's tiny. Right? Right. But if like, if he could have gone bigger, I would've had him go bigger because I don't like surgery. And the fact that I had to do what I was like, I wanna reward for the suffering I have to go through. I don't wanna wake up with a full bup. There's no point in that I'm not doing it right. You want titties, I want titties. I said I want, I don't care what's on trend. Give me 1990 stripper titties. That's what I want.


And he did it. Girl, you look amazing. Thank you Kamala's community. It's amazing. That's Kamala's community. You just looks, listen to her, explain, this community is so great. Like she's just com referring to a community of hoes. Like that's what she's referring to. And by the way, on that note, I do wanna say that it was a smart decision for her to go on this podcast. There's no doubt about that. Because you are dealing with women now, you can really understand why she took the conversation about abortion and how much it is absolute bs, right? For these women who opine all the time when they're speaking about them, it's like my body, my choice. And they're using these arguments like, well what if an 8-year-old gets raped?


Okay, these are the women that we're speaking about that are having the abortions. Okay? They're having these abortions because they openly sleep with tons of guys. And what actually happens is crazy. I learned this and I'll talk about the birds and the beast. If you are having a bunch of partners, there is a chance that you are going to get pregnant. That and, and it's gonna, there's gonna be a chance that the person that got you pregnant doesn't wanna have a baby with you because he, he, he views you as a dump. You know what I mean? As a like all everybody's been with you and they don't wanna commit with you. And so that's the real reason. People aren't gonna tell you that's the real reason these women fight tooth and nail for abortion. It's because they're hoes, right? And I'm not saying everyone, there are circumstances, there are people that are in committed relationships. And I don't wanna paint a broad brush because there are people also who have had abortions I think when they were young, who were legitimately duped to believe that it was a clump of cells.


When I was pro-choice, I thought that it was just a clump of cells because I learned it in my health class. And I think those women who get abortions have a lot of regret and they feel like they're not allowed to change their minds. And they are. I want those women to know you can have been pro-choice and you would have the greatest testimony If you wanted to then become pro-life because you have more information. I wanna welcome you to that. I don't wanna make you feel excluded and like you have to stay pro-choice for the rest of your life and listen to podcasts like this. But an overwhelming majority of the women who fight in the way that they do for abortion are women that listen to this kind of a podcast and live their lives in this same disgusting way and think that it's cool like a symbol of how, how cool and open they are when they speak about their bodies and how they edit their bodies trying to stay young, tremendously unhappy women.


And they need abortion to know that there's a way out from their responsibility. So it makes perfect sense that Kamala and Alex Cooper discussed abortion in the way that they did take a listen, I wanna pose this question more to you and the daddy gang, but one of the biggest conversations in this year's election revolves around a woman's body. Yep. I wanna take a moment and can we try to think of any law that gives the government the power to make a decision? I know what you're gonna ask About A man's body. Let's do No, no.


These are any law. No, no, it's no Just dumb ho saying no, not knowing anything about the draft. And it should alarm you that a woman who is actually asking for power over the military has no idea that the drop exists. No, no. None. Zero. Now go die in Iraq. Go die in Israel. Go die in Ukraine. I can't stand this. I just hate like the basic B-I-T-C-H movement, like the basic conversations. It's the worst stereotype of women that we have nothing to offer, but like, I'm gonna get my boobs done. And they were like, I was like, gimme the biggest thing, like the biggest you think you could possibly give me.


I want them. So I am like, I'm, I'm gonna go under 'cause I like my soul is floating. Like that's them being religious. Like when I'm under general anesthetic and like I'm getting like the biggest boobs ever. My, my soul is just so powerful that it floats to the top. And so I'm like, doctor, if I'm gonna do this and my soul's gonna be floating above me and me looking down, gimme the biggest boobs you can possibly give me. And he did. Yeah. That's me. That's my connection to God. It makes me sick. This is literally what we're doing. I can't stand this version of what it means to be a woman. And I'm so happy to have made a pivot away from that and to recognize when I see that, like I want nothing to do with it. It is just, it further commits me to never casting a ballot ever for women who speak in the way that these two women just spoke about abortion after a long list of women coming on and talking about their very, very many partners and how, how they like to get down with their very many partners.


Anyways, parking that aside, let's also discuss the fact that Kamala, while I was in Tokyo, rolleds out a new accent. I said no, someone texted me, they said, can't she rolled out a new accent? I said, no she did not. No she didn't. I don't believe these people. I said, shut up right now. Shut up your face right now. And they didn't. They presented evidence. She wrote out a new evidence that she wrote out a new accent. She met up with Stephen Colbert and out of nowhere, out of nowhere she decided to be Jamaican. Take a listen Luxury that people are you and it's crude. Have you know empathy man? No. The suffering of other people have you know of purpose.


Okay? Have You know empathy men, You know, you know, I just like what is happening here? Tell me she's not the manura candidate. I don't even know what triggered her there. I don't even know what word he said that triggered her and made her go into like the Jamaican personality as if, yes it is a fact. Her dad has a Jamaican accent and it is a real Jamaican accent. You do not inherit that accent. Like I said, my grandmother spoke in a very thick Caribbean accent. I just spent my life correcting her like we were like little tots. No grandma. No it's not, it's not true. It's white. It's throw say the H. My dad does not have a Caribbean accent 'cause he did not grow up on the island. You can't just drop a Caribbean accent least of all after you just premiered a Spanish accent.


Roll the clip. I love you back. I love you back. And then the other Spanish accent roll the clip. Well first of all, thank you for the question and I hope your family is okay and your home is okay. Oh my gosh. Well, oh my. This is why the Spanish people are telling me that they call her Kamala. Okay, this is I think ic, what is, you can't just be Latina after being Jamaican after being black. There's a black scent. Let's hear the black accent. Everywhere I go, I tell people, look, you may not be a union member. You better thank a union member for the five day work week.


You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better Thank a union member for paid leave. You better Thank a union member for vacation time. You better thank I know how to say better anymore. You better thank. Okay. Hmm. You better Thank a union worker. When you see a union worker, you better. Thank you. Better. Thank about all my other accents too, man. Come on man. What's going on man? Okay, throw away. I, I just, I can't keep up. I really cannot keep up with so many accents that this woman just keeps dropping. It's not okay. It is just simply not okay.


And we collectively must come together and deem this to be the most Uno. Okay? Dipping and diving out of various personalities that we've ever seen. When do we get to legally diagnose her with like multiple personality disorder? Like when does that come? Media loves a good diagnosis. I wanna diagnose Kamala Harris and let me be clear, whoever did this meme you won this year, take a look. Spanish, Haitian, Indian Jamaican, black, white, Cuban Asian. It says Kamala Harris filling out a job application like that person wins the internet. Absolutely amazing. All of us to say by the way that she did go on the Breakfast Club yesterday as we were anticipating I cared about one thing.


I knew he was gonna bring up Janet Jackson. I was just like, if she says one word about Janet Jackson, we riot play the clip. Quick question. There's a rumor that Janet Jackson is mad at you because you prosecuted her brother, the late great Michael Jackson that's on, that's on the internet. Clear that up for people. That's just not true. I know on either count. Oh, you know, oh, she's not mad at you. Well, I mean, I don't know. I know I have not talked to her, but certainly it's not true about her brother. All right. She didn't say anything about Janet Jackson. She didn't say anything about Janet Jackson, but we're still not done going through her whole history because somebody tried to come after Janet Jackson. But that's what I was really watching for. And you know, she did all the typical stuff. It was the greatest softball interview I've ever seen.


Disappointing in Charlamagne. Genuinely. I will say this, like at least when conservatives are on his show, he's respectful. So I, I will give him the credit that it's not like when he does in the rare moments that he has a conservative, he attacks them. I thought he was very fair to me when I was on, but this was like, it was unbelievably softball and just tried to make her look good and allow her to clear up things and give everyone an opportunity. But what's really funny is like the media ran with like the greatest interview she's ever given, but the internet felt very differently. I love looking at the comments under the post after the Breakfast Club posted it, this is what they had to say on the internet. This by the way, we're just giving you a screenshot of all the comments in a row. So we are not picking and choosing. This person writes, Charlemagne can now join the cast of the View Cabby writes whenever she says, I grew up in a middle class, I think of the SNL skit.


Personal reviews writes 75 KA year. Now feels like living off of 40 k, 40 KA year. As a journalist myself, I lost some respect for Charlemagne here. He wouldn't handle Trump with the same kid gloves. The only person I know to ask her hard questions was the brother on 60 Minutes. That was the best interview I've seen of her. Why does Charlotte talk crap about Harris with Andrew Schultz, but not to her face? Again, next person writes, like my grandpa used to say, you can't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining. This person writes, came straight to the comments before it started. Ads ain't even done playing yet. This person writes, who else immediately went to the comment section? Charlemagne, you messed up in the first three years. Kamala. Yes, we started on day one. This person writes, my rents increased almost 20% in the last two years.


Groceries are sky high. Taxes went up, but my wages haven't kept up with the inflation. There is no middle class anymore. If anybody makes less 50 KA year, the, you don't see that because we are effed. So you get it like it's not working. And like I, all of this damage controlled, trying to get the black boat back, it's just not gonna work for Kamala. People are recognizing their circumstances. They already lived under Trump. So all of the ooh, spooky Trump, if he becomes dic, nobody's buying that. They were living well under Trump, right? And they are. They have seen how their lives have declined under a Biden Harris administration and her pretending like she had nothing to do with it and things are gonna get better if she becomes the president, is it's not working. And I'm proud of that. Like I said, it's like for the first time I am proud to see black people holding the line and not falling for the usual race banter and the tricks and particularly black men.


Anyways, you guys, I'm gonna go to your comments after we first just thank American Financing and remind you guys to contact them because the economy has been a major burden on the average American as we are seeing right now in those comments. The wages are flat expenses are up and it's very hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, you can make a 10 minute phone call, no obligation to American Financing. Interest rates are coming down and are now in the low fives. So if you're constantly carrying over a credit card balance each and every month, the rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and it can get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call today, the number is (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Also remind you guys, hit subscribe on the YouTube channel. Hit subscribe on the Rumble channel If you have not already. We are on the race over here on YouTube back to 3 million subscribers, which I'm really proud of. Go over to locals, cut over to locals and sign up to support the show. 'cause we are not monetized here, but we love the freedom so much that we don't really care. We would rather be honest and not monetized and have to lie to stay monetized. That is the reality. Anyways, guys, we're gonna cut over and read some of your comments and we can do that over at Rumbles. So we will see you over there. All right, ladies and gents, let's get ready to rumble. Let's see what you guys have for me today. All right. Alaska Dog lady writes, yes ma'am.


The heebie-jeebies. My mom reader has been blasting about that guy. Same for my sister, by the way. Like my sister called me. She's like, I just feel like I, I wanna homeschool my kid. If Tim, if Tim and Kamala get into the White House, if there's just something about him that I don't like, like women are just getting the thing, you know, the thing that we get that we can't really describe, but we just know that something's not right. Haley writes, being one of the ones caught in and woken up by the COVID-19 scheme. Thank you for acknowledging us. It's a hard path to walk back damage and shamed forgiveness all around. Gloria Dayo. Yeah, forgive yourselves. Like I, I always say that like, it's like the worst thing when people are like, no, you're an idiot and you're an idiot forever. It's like you, everyone wakes up at different points. And covid I was in the end, I think a tremendous good because it woke up so many people en mass and it's brought people over and made allies amongst people like you probably were not listening to my podcast during Covid 'cause I was so anti-vax.


And now you're listening to it and hearing different ideas. So I'm all for it. I think it it, in terms of people waking up to the government, big tent philosophy over here. Dank writes, what choice do we have for voting this year? Vote for Trump. We get green cards with diplomas. Immigration war with Iran for Israel, Kamala, left Wing de Degeneracy. I save a latter. So in 2028 real ones will rise. Yeah, I'm not, you know, I I definitely acknowledge that Trump has shifted on his war perspective, or at least has carved out it, it seems like a, a special circumstance in the matter of Israel and Iran. And that's not the Trump that ran in 2015 and was like, get everybody home. So I don't love it. I really don't love it. I'm not gonna pretend that I love it.


Obviously between the two cabal, you're gonna get war and you're gonna get left wing degeneracy. So I think the, the option here is clear, you know, we'll see what happens, obviously. But I, I do believe that on the basis of what happens, no matter what, I feel that there is a shift and the conversations are changing. And in 2028, the only people that are going to be able to seize conservatives is going to be like the true populist right. And people that are fundamentally isolationist on the war front play it. Outrights words can express how happy it makes me to hear you hear that you ran into yay in Japan. God bless you and yay, two of the world's biggest superheroes. Yeah, you know, Kanye really did blow up his whole life to become free.


And at the time I remember not being able to process why he was doing it and why he wanted, out of all these contracts like Adidas made you a billionaire. Why would you want outta these contracts? And now I understand that it came with certain stipulations in Hollywood. Certain subjects that you can't talk about, certain political perspectives that you're meant to have or else we will put you on a psych 51 50 hold and that my friends is a form of slavery. It is better to be broke and free than to have all of the money in the world, but not have your soul. Sarah writes, Bravo Kish, your intuition is definitely guided by the Holy Spirit. I certainly think So. I I really do believe that God has given me the energy that God has put me in the position that I am in because we are all kind of going through this awakening at once. And I'm just grateful. I'm grateful to everything that's happened to me.


Even if it seems like it was bad in the end. It has been very good. Christina writes, Belin BD Williams has to turn herself into prison for peacefully protesting abortion. She was sentenced to three years and has young babies please cover her story. I'm not familiar with it, but I will certainly look into it. And my producers put a note here that the Manhattan Federal Court sentenced her to three years in five months for violating the freedom of access to clinic entrances. I'm familiar what they put into place and that is an absolute absurdity. Wow. Just despicable what these commies are trying to do. This person 1, 2, 3 B rights. God bless you and yours. You're doing a great job, Ave Maria, thank you so much. I really appreciate that and I love to see that there are so many, so many Catholics.


I mean, I just love it. It's amazing. Brave 7,000, just writes, love you Candace. I love you back guys. I really appreciate it. We're having so much fun. And like I said, I am feeling really good about some discussions that we are having behind closed doors with people that are very much in the know on Kamalas genealogy. They have been forthcoming, they understand what is at stake and they too know that Donald Terrace has been exceedingly shady. We are gonna stay on top of this. We are going to allow this to slow drip so we have all our ducks in a row. But I do think that it is going to be imminent that we are going to be able to do a major expose. Again, If you guys are watching this, please, If you are in Canada or the UK and you've heard about this marriage and not just like I remember seeing it, but like If you have some documentation or can you ask around, somebody knows something, saw something was a part of something, email info at Candace Owens dot com so we can stay on this woman until election day.


We'll see you guys tomorrow.