
All Right guys, now it's time for a conversation that so many of you have been waiting for Candace plus, yay. I guess it kind of starts with a time machine. I gotta take you guys on a time machine back to October 3rd, 2022 a day that will live in infamy me and yay premiering shirts at his fashion show, which read White Lives Matter definitively. A moment I will never forget we broke the internet. There's no other way to say it. And people just couldn't believe. How could a black person say White Lives Matter? We could only say Black Lives Matter. And it's just interesting to see how the media sort of paints a narrative and there's absolutely no truth to it.


I mean, what really happened is Gay called me and he asked me to simply be at his show. Never asked me about wearing any shirts. When I was there, we were backstage and he sort of held up the shirt and he was really in the creative process. There were tons of models running around and he just said, I need you to wear this. And I said, sure. Because I knew instantly what he was trying to do and what he meant. Shortly thereafter though, everything changed. And obviously aside from people being angry at us wearing the shirts, then it shifted into this conversation about yay and his antisemitism. And I can say definitively that it was the toughest moment in my entire career.


I had never felt more pressure externally from the media and from friends for me to condemn. Yay. And I didn't take the bait. I didn't take the bait because as I have said many times, yay had opened up to me about some things that were happening in his life. And you're gonna hear in this conversation what those things were. And you can understand how someone would feel if they were subjected to the things that Yay was subjected to. I of course wanted the world to hear it Back then. I had invited Yay to come on my podcast at the time and he was slated to come on.


But the evening before I found out that that was not going to be a possibility. The network that I was on didn't think that I was the right person to interview him because of our friendship. And he was really upset. He was very upset. He essentially said that my voice was being controlled. And something overtook me in that moment and I said, look, yay. I obviously cannot overrule this at all. If I had my own platform, I would obviously host a conversation with you. But I don't have that right now. I do not have that right now. But what I do have is a camera and I have a friend who knows how to run a camera and we can just record this moment and we can lock this in a time capsule.


And one day I will have my own platform and I will premiere this conversation. And that day is today. When I say that it was a tough moment, you were even looking at me when I watched this conversation back, you can just see it on my face. I was postpartum. There are very few times I'm not a crier. I definitely am not a crier. That's not how I express emotions. But I remember going through this period and there was a moment when, because I was postpartum, ladies know you had that moment where your hair sheds postpartum. And I remember dealing with the press cycle with Yay, dealing with friends and followers who said they wouldn't support me ever again unless I came out and condemned him, making a decision not to condemn him.


And standing in the shower and my hair was falling out in clumps and I just said, please God. And I was just crying hysterically, have mercy on me. Please just have mercy on me. I just need to get through this moment. I'm a breastfeeding mom. I can't take anymore. My show's just gone five days per a week. Make it stop. Make it stop. And now I look back on that and I just think everything happens for a reason. And whatever inspired me to say, let's just put on a camera, turn on a camera here and record and have a conversation and lock it up in a time capsule. It was because that was exactly what needed to happen at that time. And a better moment for people to hear what ye was thinking and what he had to say is right now.


So guys, I invite you to listen to this conversation, Candace plus Ye. It was recorded on October 17th, 2022. I hope you like it. Yeah, I'm happy. Happy to do it tonight. Yeah. So yeah, it's better than doing it in the morning. I'm obviously not the best morning person. We were talking about doing a God cast for a while actually.


So this works. Why did the like word God cast come to you Rhyme A podcast it had God in it. Okay, So it wasn't an ego thing. People will say, oh yay, Yeezus, God casts. Is there any messaging in that? Just The more we could say God, the better. The more we could say God and the media, the better. Yeah, I agree. So I think one of the things that's the most interesting, I wanna dive in this way, is people don't actually understand there's, there's something about you and I coming together that the media cannot stand right. Like it is.


It's actually fascinating to me. Like I called you super stressed out like three nights ago and I was just like, what the heck am I going through right now? Like it's another like level that you graduate into when we're talking about yay. And we're talking about the media, I don't think people understand. When I see the attacks come from every angle, every sign, every regard, they'll attack you on your children. They'll attack me and my relationship. They'll go after family members. My dad called me stressed from Hawaii. Wow. Yeah, he called me stress from Hawaii. What? It's so funny that you said you remember I talked about the gray hat and the the gray hat hitting your table.


Read the last text from my dad out loud. We talked about the miracles. Read out loud the last text. Wow. Read Out loud. When do you want me in Hawaii? That's wild. Well, my dad's in Hawaii right now. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. And he called me stressed up. He went, he, I picked up, he was just like, Candace, what is going on? That I actually started laughing like it was kind of like comedic relief. 'cause my dad is not really like that. And he was like, I'm reading all these headlines and my sister was texting me, my uncle, like the whole family had just been texting me like, are you good? And All hell is broke loose and all heaven has come through. Yeah.


In a way, yeah, it is, it does feel like all hell has broken loose. And this, the last time I went through this though, it was a similar thing. It was like, for some reason the game of life was just like Candace and yay are not allowed to come together. Why? I mean, it's the impact. It's the, it's the, the gut feeling with the, it's the intuition and the intellect. It's the gut with the information. It's the, it's the idea meets the study. And that's how other people have risen to, to forms of power.


God is the only power and we are vessels. God is a true artist and we're the vessels and he's calling for me, for us to lean into these, these combinations, what they do is they'll do everything to keep the artists away from each other. Like when me and Demla were next to each other, it was such a powerful combination. When me and Kim went next to each other, that was a powerful combination. Me and Jay-Z were next to each other. It was a powerful combination. So I love these moments of like these powerful combinations together and, and whatever feel you do for like the futurist, the people who can see what the, is the kids 20 years younger, 40 years.


So now 80 years from now when they see this, that's a big thing is lean into those people that everyone tells you. Like you don't need to be next to that person, but you have something in your heart and your gut on why you should be next to that person. I've had people like, like comedians that you know of have called me and said, stay away from Candace Owens. And you know, like literally my, I guess they, you used the term friends have done the same to me. Even to the point where I'm gonna be on Bill Maher this week. I'm gonna be on Pierce Morgan, I'm gonna be on, I was just on Chris, how do you say his last name tonight?


Chris Co. Lemme see. Chris Cuomo. Chris Cuomo, yeah. Wow. You did Chris Cuomo. Yeah. Tonight like 30 minute segment, half talking half a little bit of back and forth or arguments. And then when you're landing they're saying, oh, I can't be on Daily Wire, but I can be on all these platforms. And you said downstairs that the, they told you the reason was is you weren't gonna push back on me enough. Yeah. Like Chris was saying stuff like, you need to understand and you need to behave. And I, he said that at one point in the interview I said, whoa, let's play that back. You need to behave.


You're not supposed to talk like that out loud Chris. You know, we know that that's what it is. And I was just talking to my girl, she was in the car listening to me and while I was doing the Zoom, this live Zoom and afterwards I said, this is the way I felt in Hollywood the whole time I was there. Like people were telling me like, you need to behave. You cannot wear a red Hat, you cannot talk to Candace. You cannot say how you feel out loud. Like today they took down my drink champs, they took it off of whatever platforms you YouTube, drink, champs Revolt. And they also took me off of the Balenciaga sites.


And I just looked at my girl and said, yo, I'm so happy. I'm so happy. Like, I'm so happy because I have this freedom from beholding to these brands that say we only rock with you under these conditions. Like we can have you be a black person, but only a black person that says that's wearing a Black Lives Matter t-shirt. Which at this point, now that I've worn a White Lives Matter t-shirt, I'm totally fine with wearing a Black Lives Matter t-shirt. You know, it's not because all lives matter, but even all lives matter would've, you know, I I I cut what I'm saying.


This train of thought. No, No. You're making, you're making, making perfect sense to me. I had two thoughts today. The first, well I had a lot of thoughts, So I didn't just have two thoughts today just to clarify. But I was thinking earlier about when is the first time that I heard Yay was mentally ill, right? So I grew up on your music. Obviously everybody knows like, you know, like when you first were spinning through the wire, you know, and you had a remarkably long career in the public sphere and nobody had ever called you mentally ill. Right. And now, no matter what you say, when you don't exist under, I would just call it Hollywood terms, their number one rebuttal.


If you have an idea, you say anything is that, well, he's mentally ill and he already said he was mentally ill because he said it on this podcast. And therefore we don't have to listen to anything else that he has to say. 'cause he, we raised size mentally ill. And So I actually researched when is the first time that the public sold us this? And correct me if I'm wrong, but I think it was in 2017 that they said that you went to the hospital and you were bipolar. And that In 2015, Sorry, pardon? 2015 when Trump was Yeah. About you, right. When Trump got elected, I went to the hospital less than a week after that because the entire time while he was running, people told me that my life would be over, I would be on the wrong side of history.


You know, like literally people threatened my life and told me me. I did not stand up and say, Hey, this is what I believe in and that's who I am. That's who I, that's what my character is. So I think that They made you think that, Yeah, it's like, it's like how people, they said the reason why I couldn't be on daily wires, the is the Israelite comment. And every black person is fine with calling ourselves black and being called black. But when I bring up the idea that we're Jew because we are from Africa, the Bible was the majority is like set in Africa.


The then it's, it's challenging. And we talk about on the George Floyd document documentary is called The Greatest Lie Ever Soul. The idea that black people are not Jew is the greatest lie that's ever sold because you don't see the Jewish abortion rate at the same level as the black abortion rate. 50% of black deaths a year is actually abortion. You don't see the Jewish divorce rate at the level of 70 something. You said the percentage percent of black moms raising their kids by themselves. You don't see Jewish people shooting each other down in the street on World Star and then rapping about it.


It's just not, there's not Jewish content like that. And also Jewish people do business together. And that's what I, I can, I said on the drink tramp, Hey, these are things that I'm envious of. You know, they, I think the first thing that someone would say If you said that right, is same for Chinese. You don't see Chinese people shooting each other. You don't see Chinese people with this super high divorce rate. You don't see Chinese people with, and Japanese people and Korean people and Hispanic people-ish. But no matter what, nobody's rates of violence and abortion are as high white America. Forget Jewish America, white America don't have these same rates, right?


And so they ask why, why isolate Jewish American population? Well for black people, okay, with the rates of that ares being higher, we're still, you know, you go see the slave moving, you see like a slave get their teeth pulled out in front of another slave. We're still getting our teeth pulled out. You know, literally like in jail, I have friends whose, You know, family members went to jail and they got killed by, and the officer, and then the officer like all of a sudden quit and they're not there anymore and stuff. And like, so they can't do the trial and you know, so we are getting left and right, still treated like slaves.


And with the, the reason why I specifically say the Jewish people is the Jewish people, like how the Armenians worked in a meat packing district. The Jewish people came into power in the eighties, truly, you know, when the divorces started happening because of Wall Street, because the like Catholic lawyers wouldn't divorce people and they came into money the way how the darker Jews, the black people are coming into money now. And they had to, and they did a great job.


They colluded, they, before that they were very involved with the civil rights movement, which actually the movement was, it moved blacks from being Republican over to becoming Democrats. That was what the movement, that's the, that's where the move happened. And now everyone's, why are you calling them out specifically when I said Defcon three, I didn't get an opportunity to say what that meant, but it meant I'm gonna call out all these things that had been done to me specifically by Jewish people that so happened to be businessmen or businesswomen.


But still it was done by Jewish people to me, to the dark, to to the darker Jew. And I was gonna go one by one. And the reason I said it like that is just to say, I know you guys are gonna call this antisemite and I'm not afraid of that title. Now I'm gonna lean into that title. So call me whatever you want because you call me void already. What's the definition of black void of color? Some people, you know, artists may say it's all color and it could also mean like, it's like what they did. And when I ran for office and they showed me on on the TV and they like blacked my face out and they had me be void. And I think that Jewish people always will tell you about the trauma and the holocaust.


So one of my favorite lines on the drink champs, you actually hit me about this, is when Doug Charney said, Hey, I wanna take you to the Holocaust Museum. And I said, I want you to go to our Holocaust museum, planned Parenthood. Like we're still in the Holocaust. 6 million Jewish people died in Holocaust. Over 20 million darker Jews. Black people have been aborted. More babies are aborted in New York at this point than born at this point. And my thing about the media, the, the majority of the media, over 50% of the media at least, it's probably 80%, but over 50% of the media is run by Jewish executives.


And they allow all of this abortion driven content that more affects, it affects the darker Jew, the black people more than any other race. But then you ask the question, you can't even Google. Like when you Google Jewish abortion rate, it'll be one piece of information. The next information is like from four years ago or something. There's no information about it. And if I try attempt, attempt, my mom said try. And as fellow, if I, if I fail by attempting to have a conversation with a Jewish person about the abortion rate, they won't allow the conversation to be had.


That's why I said, Hey, I'm me too. The Jewish race that saying, Hey, you guys gotta come up and say did you do this or did you not do this? And I'm calling, a lot of times say people feel like I'm very selfish driven 'cause I'll talk about things I specifically went through. So I said, okay, well I'm this voice for the actors, the musicians, the athletes specifically I know are in situations where at least four of the people that they do business with are Jewish. And those people know each other. And the athletes come and go and that four or 5, 6, 8 people remain. The athletes come and go like, like cattle's in the staple.


The actors come and go, the musicians come and go. And that mainstay of that Jewish, let's say crew, because it sounds less ramped up than mafia, right? The mob sounds less mentally ill. So let's say there is definitely a crew and I've been there and I've been talked to certain kind of ways and you know, who else wouldn't be talked to a certain kind of way? Kobe Bryant, you don't get talked to a certain way. I don't get talked to a certain kind of way. So things that I'm saying out loud, hyped up or calmly, I'm saying things five times a day that black people, leaders, that specific black people, just leaders throughout time have been killed for things that we are doing five times a day.


So one thing for the, the black community and all of this like woke culture and you know, Charlemagne at different things. It's like, bro, this is getting ridiculous at this point. People gotta put some respect on the fact that I'm actually brave enough to say this out loud. Like that's what's lit. That's what God is inside of me. That's why I feel so good to be used. You ain't got me to a point, y'all call me so many names, you've disrespected me for three years. Forbes wouldn't call me a billionaire. It is important if people are calling you crazy to be like, oh, but I'm a billionaire. Because it's like, it's not me being classist, it's just me fighting against that saying, okay, you're calling me crazy, but I must be doing something right now.


I'm not doing something, I'm doing everything right. And then to reach to the concept, the idea being the richest black person ever. And we're just at the beginning, you know, George, George Farmer was so elated by the response that we were getting and then Elon Musk was retweeting what's going on or tweeting about what's going on today. And it hit Bloomberg and it's top trending. And I said to my chief of staff, get me a plane, I'm going to Nashville right now. And the feeling is right. Then we went to a restaurant and the restaurant literally had all the same letters of the name my mother gave me.


It was K-A-Y-N-E. So that's another, it's like you're talking about your dad with Hawaii and like I had to, you know, you guys, you guys saw that, you saw me hand the phone over like David Blaine. I didn't, I couldn't have wrote written that my dad is like, 'cause you, the funny thing is, where is your dad in Hawaii? Because I'm, I have this feeling like, let's go to Hawaii because I made really good music in Hawaii and I just want to go to Hawaii and actually do what Jewish people love. The best outta me is make music and make people really happy. Yeah, That's interesting because I think what's missing in the conversation and the media trying to spin what you're saying is that you are talking about an industry where there are Jewish executives and that's the first time I've actually heard you say Jewish executives.


And I think before the way that they were trying to sort of callously interpret it was that you meant every single Jewish person in the entire world, a person who walk in the street has this power what you live. I mean you have lived for a very long piece of your life, at least in Hollywood. And what is weird to me and where I'm trying to play catch up is that there was a piece in the LA Times written by a Jewish guy named Joel Stein and he said, who, who runs Hollywood? Come on man. And he's Jewish guy. And he wrote about how all of the executives in Hollywood were Jewish. And that piece wasn't called anti-Semitic. But yet now If you say that part, If you say that a lot of the executives, especially in in music, I thought this was something that people knew.


I've heard this in Jay-Z's music before. So I was very surprised that there was this, oh my god, how dare he say this? And it's anti-Semitic for him to say this. And how can you say that? You know, I think what you're talking about is that every piece of what you have created has been owned by a Jewish executive. And that there are a lot of, there's a disproportionate amount of Jewish executives in Hollywood. Like if I was going to get my nails done, I might say there's disproportionate amount of Vietnamese people wearing the nail salon. You know, I'm saying I don't know what happened, but they got here disproportionate. They were like, we're gonna do nails. You know what I'm saying? Black People in the NBA. Right? Disproportionate. Yeah. So why is that? Why is, are we allowed to say that if I, like I just said that disproportionate music ball doing nails, nobody would've censored that if I said there's disproportionate amount of Spanish blood the border because the People who run the shop, But that won't get censored.


The people run the nail shop, don't run your podcast. That's it. Okay. Now your nails might not get done As before. They're gonna be like, she's blowing up, she's blowing up the industry that we're at. But but that's true. And I think That's, I say Jewish people have bought the black vo voice, And that's what you meant by it, is that they're, they're disproportionate represented in media. And so if something that you say that is something that they, that you, they don't like, they won't allow you to have it said. That's what you meant. That's getting more specific. Okay. It is more specific, but my emotion about it as a human being, as a leader, I as a leader, I operate at every medium from the most brash and brutal to medium and understanding and understandable to highly sophisticated.


We have to operate in all those, my feeling and my emotion because I am a human being. I'm not a robot. So If you take a woman can be scarred by men just off of one bad experience with a man, perhaps it might be a 6-year-old girl that has an experience you shouldn't have had with an uncle, and that woman ends up being a stripper or you know, disliking men. So imagine if that woman had that experience with 10 men, right? So I can tell you there's, I've had 10 bad experiences with Jewish execs with, and these are the people, the Jewish people I come in contact with.


So if that woman had that experience with 10 men, she may say this term men are all the same. She could sing it, she could say it. And imagine if she was just like beautiful, like if she had like the face of Irene Shake or the body of Candace sw pool or the body of Kim or something like that, right? It's if this person like was just kinda stood back, but like say this like hall berry or something. Like if they, if they just step back and were a bit timid to give a number out or, and somebody says she hates men.


She hates men. Mm. What do you mean all men? And would men do a whole series of 80 outline things calling She's antiemetic and she is she antiemetic? Yeah. Because of her experiences. And she allowed to have the emotion that because of her experience, now she hates, now she dislikes, you know, I'm gonna say dislikes because it's considered to be hate speech. Like yes, I have a, I'm, I'm at a place where I'm like, I'm not gonna talk specifically to Jewish businessman because Jewish businessmen are the ones who have done the things to me to hurt me and to hurt my friends.


Right? Right. So now I'm talking to Jewish Businessmen's families. That's why I said the Jewish people, because I'm calling the Jewish people to talk to the Jewish businessmen family and say, are you doing fair deals or with your version of the boys club, right? This isn't the Catholic Protestant Boys club, this is people that have been through pain and rose to success. Yeah. The Jewish business community. I need their families, their dads, grandparents, wives, children to ask them, are you doing fair deals by God?


Because yes, we do have Zionist Jews and we have Godly, you know, take Friday and Saturday off Jews, right? Jewish people. And as Jay in my position, I'm one of the darker juice black people's most loved by Jewish people, blacks, period. Like for 20 years. So that's the reason why God put me in this position, you know, when with the, as I'm, I have to word it the right way, but with the, with 2024, you know, coming two years from now, whoever goes into whoever ends up into office by 2024 has to bring the country together.


There's no more of this divide. So that means, the funny thing about the Jewish media is I have their attention, they love me, they always love me, I have their attention. They're Referring to media executives. So like Executives. Yeah. Yeah. So like TMZ is owned by Harvard. That and that's one Hollywood publication that would like be writing about you all the time. Yeah, exactly. So Harvey Levin Harvey, yeah. Jewish Harvey. My name is Jay is not Kanye West. I take it, I take it like you calling Caitlyn Bruce. Like my name is ye like, so those little things also refer to me as billionaire, Christian billionaire. Yay. Matter of fact, I may legally change my name to Christian billionaire.


Ye. So it would be for forced to call me Christian billionaire. Yay. So, 'cause I got, I'm since my name is yay, I got a lot of room to extend it on the other side, I'm through a prefix. So that what, say I had a train of thought that I was getting to, You were saying, you were saying the Jewish media and I just interjected to say you're talking about specific people in media, But what was I saying about the Jewish media? I don't wanna like kind of ramble to find my point again. Yeah, it's a really good point. 'cause even like we're in that ticket, I'm like a bit sleepy. Yeah. It's just a really, that's what made through the y I'm gonna do podcast sleepy for now. When I do Bill Maher two days from now, I'm gonna go in Sleepy, right?


Because I have so much energy as like alien level African king that If you put me in a normal podcast situation with an antagonistic media person, then they can get me to look as animated as they would want me to be on stage or on a basketball court. But in that setting I have to speak. So now I figured out the code to be as calm as, you know, they would like me to be in these situations. So, but man, I'll, I'll get back to it af otherwise we'll have like another conversation.


We'll be good. Yeah, fine. What, what we were saying? Yeah, What was, I just wanted what I wanna go back to though, well there's two things I wanna say. So first off, when I was coming on the plane, my podcast was on shuffle and cheesy song came on, it was Dun. And he says, oh, I know what he says. I dumbed down my audience to double my dollars. They criticize me for it, yet they all yell, holla. If skills sold, truth be told, I'd probably be lyrically Tali. Truthfully, I wanna rhyme like common sense, but I did five mil and I had been rhyming like common sense when you since got that much in common and you've been hustling since.


The only perception for perception go with what makes sense since I know what I'm up against. We as rappers must decide what's most important. And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them. So I got rich and gave back to me. That's the win-win. And I was just so stunned, I ran it back like 10 times since I forgot how much I love that song. And I was like, he's literally telling you that he is dumbing himself down. And he has decided that the better thing to do is to keep the people that follow him stupid and be able to help them by giving money. Like, I can't help the poor. Like I, I dumbed down my audience to double my dollars. Like he has to make a decis decision to be smart, right? To be rapping like equality or to make money and be able to give back to people.


So he knows, and this made me think of you because you said on that podcast that got taken down, that information is the number one resource, right? And he knows that he has to choose between giving the people information or having success. And I, I was stunned by the verse And what record label was he on that helped influence that decision? It was a Jewish record label. Okay. Wait, what was it? I don't know. See I don't know the Answer. Universal Def Jam. Yeah, Def Jam. He Was definitely a Def a J Jewish and French, because you got Vinti that owns Universal, but French, that's super colonizers like French, the French own 80% of African banks, you know.


So nobody Would be mad If you had tweeted that, by the way. Oh, the French. Yeah. But that's because the French don't hyper focus on controlling the black voice like the Jewish media does. So, but this makes me think Drake is the best rapper ever by the numbers. Jay-Z is the greatest rapper ever by the inspiration. Yeah, He inspired me. There you go. He Was smart, you know what I mean? Like he, he was talking business, but you either got it or you didn't. He was telling you the like the code that now I'm being stupid. Like I'm ma I'm giving you guys stupid stuff because this is how it works. Like, in order for me to stay successful, I have to keep giving you stupid stuff.


I just think y say need to let him go get some pussy. Seriously. What, What? Go to the Dr. So I'm like, You know what I mean? Like, What's that about though? What's that about? Are you, are you good friend? Are you good friends with him still? Because You know what's missing from this hole Hole? I don I don't know if you're Gonna run that line or not. I'm not, this is, this is going up on Parler but me. Are you gonna run it? Yeah, that's the bigger question. You Gotta, I just think like, I, ah, man, it's like Jay Z is like the head, head, head.


You know, we, we are under the fire and we're the firefighters. But in order to be a good firefighter, you gotta be willing to run into that fire. And that's what makes me the number one firefighter. That's what makes me Michael, because I'll run into that fire. Everyone knows that I'll run into that fire for the people in the burning building who's the people in the burning building all of society. Because blacks and rappers are the thought leaders. We like everyone, people, you know, If you go to a college, people have different majors, but everyone majors in Drake at the college, it's very few people, even if they don't particularly seek to listen to 'em, everyone in the college knows the song.


So that becomes then the information a part of people's curriculum and DNA of the way we think. And what I've been saying is like the idea free thought, the White Lives Matter t-shirt, that's an, that's an idea. Let, let's just talk about idea separate to the that t-shirt, you have the idea for civilization to move forward. What do we do in marches we marched and what's marching walking right? In order to walk? What do you need both legs in order to walk? How, how do, how do both legs work? One foot in front of the other, one foot in the front of the other. So watch this. An idea is your left leg and actualizing, I like it better than the execute like universal positive forward movement language.


You actualize with your right leg. You think the idea with your left leg you actualize and you're moving forward, right? But If you go into a place where there's thought police, they put the innovators into a place of crawling and our civilization is no longer moving forward and you can believe it or you cannot. And I can like classify as a black person this and that, but I'm challenging all the systems one by one, right? That we will be happier. And not only, I, I don't love the word utopia seems over the top, not only find a happier way to live, we will actually survive. Because we can't survive by being oppressed, by having our thoughts oppressed and being afraid to say what we feel because hey, you know what?


We could feel something for a bit, you know? And then If you get to do it, you can get over it. Like sometimes like a kid can have a chocolate binge and they get the stomach ache and only happens one time. Or they can go and touch the stove and they get burnt. And it only happens one time. Right now we're not getting the opportunity to touch the stove. If I hadn't went so far said the word def con right death con, then I couldn't have, we couldn't have had an openly open conversation about what Jewish execs are specifically doing. All of the conversation would've been said to be hate speech.


Like, how can I hate Jews that I consider myself to be Jew? But then people say, well, you hate black people 'cause you wore White Lives Matter. And now, like I talked to Noriega this morning, he was like, okay, I realize this, I realize that I really don't feel prodigy die from choking on a egg, Jumping in right here. Because at that time, as you can see, both of us were really sleepy. It was very late at night. And we were having that discussion. And I hadn't even fully comprehended what he said there when he said that people don't believe that prodigy choked on an egg. And I had no idea what he was referring to. And I just wanted to let you guys know that there was a rapper named Prodigy who began speaking out about the Illuminati.


He basically said, I have this platform and I wanna use my platform for good to wake up the masses to what's really going on in society. And So I am going to dig up this old clip of Prodigy, right before he mysteriously choked on an egg and he decided to speak with Alex Jones, take a listen to what Prodigy had to say. Yeah, they doing all this ritualistic murder and, and and rituals on little, you know, they, they doing, they molesting little kids doing sex satanic sex rituals. Like this stuff is really going on in this world, like on nine 11, you know what I mean?


They, what they did was they killed 20 birds with one stone. You know what I'm saying? That's, that's how I like to say it, You know what I mean? Because they changed all kinds of laws. They changed all kinds of, of, they changed people's mentality, the way they look at the world. They, they, they, they pulled off one of the biggest ritualistic murder. You know what I mean? That, that, that that ever happened. You know what I mean? Live for the whole world to see. So there you have it. That is prodigy. And like I said, he then mysteriously choked on an egg, maybe the first person in human history to have choked on an egg in some capacity after speaking out about the Illuminati.


Let's jump back into my conversation with ye I really believe in a, a lot of the things that you're talking about, but we'd rather just accept the pain. Pain is like first thing that drugs that we get, You know, as black people is like sugar and then pain and pain because of, and I know because I have a tendency, you know, to be masochistic. It's part of my superpower, right? Like the ability to deadpool the pain to overcome. Like, but I, like I'm telling you like a good comment, a bad comment, someone calling you something can change how you feel. People have sent me so many comments about, you know, me standing up about the information with Black Lives Matter and George Floyd that I actually felt happier today.


Like today has been my happiest day, right? Because obviously there's, you know, you, you showed in your documentary that they hired thousands of people to go out in the street and there's a currency for outrage, but there's also really intelligent black people that are tired of our narrative being forced down, you know, forced to us, I don't wanna say down at the, it's not like pause. So the, but our narrative being forced to us, for us to take, You know, what happened before with the media is, You know, they would go and get the best and the brightest to represent black people.


And there's been a shift. There's been a shift. They don't want there to be another Beyonce. They don't want there to be a Candace. They don't want there to be a yay. They don't want there to be a, a Dr. King, a Farrakhan, a Martin Luther King, Michael Jordan, that King Cole. They don't want that. They wanna say, Hey, we're gonna take this person that was a drug addict and we're gonna replace him. We're gonna replace Martin Luther King with a drug addict. We're gonna replace my dad who was a Black Panther with the Disney version of Black Panthers. And the fact that Virgil passed, no, I don't mean Virgil.


I mean George passed. I don't mean George, I mean Chad passed. Now you can't talk about Black Panther or you can't point out that Black Panther was actually being used to erase my father's legacy and what he fought for as the actual Black Panthers. And also, If you go to this one, I think it's called Maleficent, this other Disney film, Disney, If you, If you look up Moore's, there's a black guy with wings on next to Maleficent. But that's not who the Moors were to us. And it's so funny, the first thing I said when I wore the White Lives Matter t-shirt and wearing in Paris, I said, you can't un Google this.


But they took the interview down. So they're in the process of slowly un googling me, they're in the process. Mark my words, they're in the process of un googling me. And it's a, it's a balance. There's like a argument that's happening inside of the, the Jewish media right now. Like do we give them the platform? Do we not give them the platform? Because not giving you the platform is almost proving your point. Yeah. Right? So If you have a Jewish executive who makes a decision that you're not allowed to be on the platform, then you go, okay, well you put my point, right?


Whereas If you Had it, that's what happened. That's why we're in your house right now. Because they wouldn't let us talk on Daily Wire. Specifically for me having the claim, the possibility that the darker Jew known as blacks that came from Africa could possibly be Israelites, that could possibly be Jew. And I was, and I was just to be super open, I was confused by it. 'cause I'm like, are we saying that there's interest thing as black Israelis? They live in Israel. So I don't know, maybe Kanye descended from it. Maybe I descended from it. Who knows? Right? So I don't know why making that claim, like if, If you got up here right now and, and you were like, I'm a white male, why would you need to be de platformed for that?


Like, why would that be such a thing that you couldn't say that? I'd be like, oh my God, I'm not allowed to say that you're a white male. Like, we cannot have you on the Show. And maybe, and maybe people, if people could be transgender, why couldn't people be Right? That's what I mean. What's the big deal? Let's, let's pretend that you're completely making up. Why can't you just say that? Like why is that information? Yeah. Like you thinking that so crazy that it can't be said, you know? Yeah. If people, if people could be transgender, why couldn't they be trans race? You can define who you are. Rachel do always trans race. She got an only fan. She's not de platformed. She's, she's, she didn't get her Twitter account taken or Instagram taken. So that's kinda the question that I had. And I also wanna ask you, like, going back to your analogy, why run into the burning building, right?


When the people inside of it are saying, we don't want help because they're so convinced that it's not a burning building, right? So you either have the Jay-Z perspective where it's like, what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna sense some firefighters to try to throw some water on it. Is your perspective's like, I'm gonna run the building, rescue as many people as I can and I might get, kill myself in the process, right? Why not do what Jay-Z's doing, you know, get to the top know how it works and just say, well, I'll do a little charity here in Zimbabwe. It's, it is what it is. Yeah. Because just enough isn't enough. Like God calls us and I believe God's gonna call them too because they're dealing with it even in their positions.


You know, they don't, like I said, they don't want another, the media doesn't want another Beyonce. They want to go and take, they launched Trayvon the Bal movement with Beyonce and Jay-Z. Don't forget the Trayvon Martin BLM thing. That was them marching in the streets in Brooklyn. So I wanna correct me, Brooklyn, Beyonce and Jay-Z, they launched that movement. I can't say that I, I can't say that they always, you know, make the right decisions and stuff. They, they lost one of their best decision makers being me. You know, Like I kinda, you know, went into, You know, Calabasas for a little bit and You know, blew, blew it up, right?


You know, got you got this person getting people outta jail, You know, like, You know, making billions of dollars cultural influence, all this stuff. And, you know, God has called me to move around. Interesting thing. Like, okay, so I'm at the BLM Premier and the, or the, the, the death of the, the, the BLM, the scam aspect of BLM. Now I wanna say this, this may get picked up or not, that I felt when I saw Kamala was running for office and they showed this picture of her as a child, I saw my mother in that picture.


I wanted to vote for her. I almost forgot I was running. I was like, oh, right. And so when I see the George Floyd video, the way they capture it, the way it sounds, it hits me, right? And a place, it's like you, you completely forget that the guy is on drugs. It completely, all these different things. And I just, it just hits, it hits me as a, as a black person. I put that label, the label I've been given, that I've grown up with and I understand why it hurts and I understand why it worked for, for a moment.


But now we're in a place where we have to dispel the trauma and move forward. It, it feels like all black people own are trauma the word and braids, you know what I'm saying? Can't nobody get braids? You better not get braids type. You know what I'm saying? Like, and then it's appropriation as ours. Appropriation. Yeah. But where, where's our, where's our land appropriation? Where's our, You know, company appropriation? Where's our brand appropriation? You know, we, we, we are the walking billboards for Louis Vuitton and Balenciaga.


It was interesting just the shift, the, the tectonic plate shift of me closing the Balenciaga opening the Balenciaga show. And everyone, you know, from the culture of black people, white people, they were all into the idea that me, 'cause I was ruffling some feathers. It was right on the line of, is it too far? Right? And then I opened up the Balenciaga show and people were just like, what? And it, it felt good. It felt awesome. And then I put up a picture and under, I said war, but literally did they know that I meant war? And then the next day I do a fashion show that's purposely sabotaged.


Like people, this is like rumors of Catholic priests, You know, levels, You know, sabotaged. They went and took the, I don't wanna word it like that 'cause that could be taken misre, say they sabotaged the season nine show. They went and took the microphones off of the children's choir to make sure that we started late. That was just one of, Yeah, I was there when you were like yelling, like you were upset about that. I remember. Yeah, they're saying like the Microsoft, the kids, the Microsoft the kids supposed to be Starting. And that was one of a thousand things. Even the, the lady that was, you know, there is now she's leaving the school, she'll no longer be principal, you know, moving forward.


So that was just an example. It was like, here's the shift. And it started there and it gave the opportunity for the speech and it said, Hey, I'm the leader. You will not un Google this. And they caught the picture of the T-shirt and it said, white lives matter on it, and all hell broke loose, but when hell broke, breaks loose, we have an opportunity for heaven to come through and for God to use this. And that's what's happening. I mean, that thing was like two weeks ago. Two weeks ago. Let that happen. It's crazy.


It seems like a lifetime ago. Literally. I'm 80 years old as I sit in this chair, see You, You, You aging in Obama use, I didn't vomit. I gotta walk outta this and just have white hair. I'm just like, I mean, I got to a moment where I was just like, wow, how did a t-shirt do this? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I, and You know what they're angry is because in my perspective it was like we wore the t-shirt and then they did their usual media attacks and usually they're up against people that they can break, right? So they needed me to post the statement that's like, you know, I'm getting my distance from yay. And I've realized that he's made some mistakes so that he's off his meds, that he's crazy and I hope he gets the help he needs.


Right? Yeah. I didn't do that. That's A double the Text, right? Yeah. So now they're going after my family, like they edited this photo, this video of me and you. I didn't even tell you this on the red carpet at my premier to make it look like we were in a relationship and this starts going viral. Meanwhile, you know, my husband's 10 feet away, he just doesn't do cameras. Yeah, right. So they're doing, I mean, from every single angle, just trying to see if they can break you and I having any type of a relationship, which is fascinating me because the same thing happened last time and that was like the whole plexi thing. Except you took the bait that time. Yeah. And Then, and, and never, never. That's my never again, like I say, Kamala are never again, because you are what black people wanted Kamala to be.


You were. Exactly. So thank you very much media for prepping the culture to be able to see what we, what we really need. And I mean, it's just such a godsend. I'm just, it's, I'm just, it's just hitting me right now that we started that we absorbed this platform and you know, what we're gonna be able to do to do with it. Right. It's incredible. The question that I wanted to ask you on the phone, do you believe that you have bipolar who told you you were bipolar? And when were you told that in 2015 That I was told that by a Jewish doctor and the information was put out by a Jewish Hollywood trainer to the Jewish media.


So what? And that actually the day when they put me in the hospital, I had started reading the Bible really heavy and rewriting Bible verses. And when the Jewish trainer saw, and you were like looking like, Hmm, well that sounds pretty bipolar, but the, the Jewish trainer saw that put me in the hospital and then said, and then put it in the press. And the press Being TMZ broke it, right? Yeah. I I don't, I don't remember. I was in the hospital. Right. And Why were you in the hospital?


Exhaustion. Yeah, I was gonna say, you don't sleep much. I mean, we don't sleep much. I do, I I actually do sleep a lot. That's my favorite thing. Yeah, I see that's, Trump said, I'm sure you don't sleep much, but I do. I sleep like six hours, seven hours or anytime I disagree with the norm, people say, well, are you getting sleep? They're so concerned about my health. Mm. It's like, yeah. 'cause then as soon as you put out that you have a mental illness, it becomes this thing where they can just stigmatize everything you do Everything they can discredited. But what happens when, you know, everyone's wearing Yeezys or what happens when, you know, we change a color palette or a shape of something, a shape of a shoe shape of something in apparel?


What happens when we change the look of home? So what happens when we simplify the way we think and the way we communicate? You know, then you know who needs sleep. And you take something like Moses, I always tell people Moses was on speed and he stuttered or edin or whatever they called it, whatever. That would've been the biblical version of that. But God had something for him to do. And this is a God's dream, right? This is something for me to do. And God is on, God is on our side. It's, it's God's time. This is, this is why we're on this platform. This is why God provided.


How is it that, you know, God told me, go to Nashville right now and you know, kid Rock, he was leaving out of town. If Kid Rock had been in town, I would've went by his house to hang out and go to the studio. But because he was out of town when you landed, we were here and they were telling you as you were landing that I was not allowed on the Daily Wire. And that's God guiding our path. That's how the video game of life works. Disney got the, the line for Snow White. If you look at how thin the Black line are on the Disney characters in the original movie that came from a French artist he was working with, similar to me, you know, working on an apparel and getting a European designer to give that cut on something.


Or even like the biggest company in the world is a is an American company, but the lead designer was from Monday is Johnny Ox. So it's that mix of those that we gotta look at all the talent on the, on the planet and bring them into the American companies. The American companies are the super, the super forces. I mean, that's PayPal, McDonald's, Amazon, Google, apple, it's like, and now you know what Yeezy is slated to become, because Yeezy's got one of the two most compelling founders living, You know, the other one is Elon.


So that's, that's us. It's like Yon to save the world. Elon or Yon or however you want to, however you wanna word. I saw that actually up today. It's for us to, you know, come together. What's so, what's so good is like Elon actually, he illegally can't become president. So that means that at a certain point, like I have to be president, you know, and to empower. It's like, it's, it's crazy. Like the, the current, the Biden mens, the Biden menstruation, the Biden menstruation.


So, so, so the current Biden menstruation won't even talk to Elon. What won't even speak to Elon. Like, wait, what, What? Because he's what not staying in line. Yeah. And that's the thing is like, I feel like they say that to everybody and I get the being called crazy when you're not crazy will drive you crazy. Right? I was being driven crazy by the fact that every time they picked up an article, they just kept like, this is what I called you. I'm like, they just keep calling him crazy. And with Elon it's like different attacks, but it's consistently saying stuff that isn't true. And then you have everybody else like the masses repeating stuff that isn't true.


You know what I mean? And I just don't understand why I get frustrated. It's like, how much more success can you have before they stop? Right. Well, that shows you they won't because it, my success, it's the success that will happen is this is the success having our own platform. It's not up to Twitter. I mean now it's still on Apple currently, you know, it's still not Apple and it's still under the satellites, so there's a bit more freedom. We're just at a different level of the video game, you know what I mean? It's just like, eh, it's still some mountains to climb.


But I'm really big on, I wanna talk about is in our sleepy cast, the, and now I'm gonna go get some sleep is, well I touched on it before, maybe we can cut this to, to, to work together, but to bring people together. The the left, we always talk about the left, the left and right. Well, we're one body. We have a left and right. So we're really big. Like right now, the left is fighting against the right and that's like if I was going like this, my left hand and my right hand. We have to fight together for our species for humanity because the right has some great things and the left have some great things also.


Like the left was really good at media, you know, so, and the left is not, they're not happy with the Biden menstruation either. And we, we have an opportunity to really win the hearts of the left also, you know, it's not, I'm really big on, like, when I made stronger, Nicole Inger from Pussycat Dolls was dancing to it up and down record Plant Studio. But then when I played it for Ice Pick, who was one of the executives at Ruff Ryder's, that's rest in peace passed away. When he heard it, he put his nose up. Like he said the whole thing sound like that. And he wasn't into it. So I had this challenge of Making Stronger, which is now Diamond.


It's my biggest song of all time. It's a diamond record, be able to play on Hot 97, hot 97 Rhyme Ready. I knew it was gonna play on B 96, but how do he, which is a white pop station, but how does it play on Hot 97, which was like ran by Jay-Z and not ran by him. But he was the most common voice on it at that time. And that's the thing, to be able to, there is a way to appeal to both sides and find that place, that place of happiness. There are things, there's things where, like Trump and Biden had a lot of places where they aligned when I looked at their policies.


So I'm really interested in re really bringing happiness back to the world, bringing joy back to the world. But we have to call people on, on what they're doing for there to be happiness in the world. We can't just say, oh, it's okay for people to like super complicate deals and to collude on deals and to not look at us as human beings, as artists and athletes and actors. That we have to be willing to like stand up for that. To be able to change something. And we need to come together as a society to be, to, to be the first civilization that actually became civil, you know, to stop war like people there is, it's, it's a possibility of having Aless world where the human species is at, not at war with each other, but we are more sophisticated because of social media, because of the information that we have now.


And we we're just, we gotta have people like us and God using us to push that to the, to the next side. And we gotta get control of our coun country. We have to get control of our family. And right now there has been an agenda in the media and in politics to remove God, remove the family, and to remove our country from us. So it's, it's time for us to take control again and with God's, with God and God's on our side. So that's what's gonna happen. I've got faith in that. In Jesus' name. Amen. Amen. There it is. Yeah. That was like presidential towards the end, right? We could put Some music. Mm.


We're kind of music you wanna put with that. I'm proud to be in America. Yeah. It need something like that because I, you know, I think about my boy Mike Howe. This is the guys that told me to go speak on Fox on the Gap when they were like making it look really bad on the floor. And that's what started it. And now then it's like, boom, M-S-N-B-C And so on And so on And so on And so on. And just keep on speaking up. And this, I feel like there's stuff that we did tonight. I'm, do you wanna do a co Any other things that you wanna put it just 'cause we can do, Do, do, do do. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I, I'll have, I'll move everything. I mean that was, I had a list of things that I wanted to talk to you About. I mean, we got more to go. We should do one of these a week. That's what I'm saying.


That's what I'm saying. We should just start doing this once a week. You know what I'm saying? I'm, Yeah. 'cause I wanna talk to you like another pot, another podcast about like the war on men. You know, I wanna talk to you about drinking. Yeah. Think about drink shops. I Was promoting, do you wanna hear something? Yeah. But you wanna hear something like, did you know the word alcohol? It's Like it was the spirit Kool-Aid. Yes, Absolutely. You knew that. Yeah. Kill, I believe that. Kill it. Yeah. It kills It literally. Yeah. Kills you spirit and allows demons to come in. You know what I mean? And take over that 100% believe that I was, I can say this since this is our podcast, I definitely was drinking when I put up the the def con treat, I def, you know, I had, you know who, who's, I wanna say alcohol.


I had to inside me. Who? But I don't know. Hennessy. Wow. It's interesting. Hennessy. It turns as gray and literally the demons Just come in. Yeah, no I honestly, I was fascinated when I learned that, the history of that. And it's literally because when you drink you become a different person. It's al literally like a spirit has taken over you. That's why they called 'em spirits. Did You know that? Yeah. That's why they called 'em spirits. Yes, absolutely. That's Crazy. How come we didn't put that information out earlier? That you were drinking Adam? Nobody asked. Well, no, because I didn't want to discredit. Oh here we go. We would be like, oh, now every time he tweets he's drunk. You know? Yeah, yeah. 'cause it keeps on like taking away.


Yeah. The fact of what I was like saying or what I was about to do. And also sometimes the truth comes through because it's another way to discredit, right? This thing right here, we've got some stuff in it. The temperament of it, the lighting, the feel, the two people that are here doing it. 'cause we've been waiting for this one. This is the one and this is the one that needs to be on Parla as the first God cast. As the sleepy cast. The Dreamcast, Dreamcast, Dreamcast, Dreamcast. I used to like that. It was like Sega had a Dreamcast. Yeah, I know. I used to play it. Sonic What? Yeah. Yeah. I love Sonic Too. Sonic is just a bomb game. That and Donkey Kong on Nintendo.


You know what? Donkey Kong, Nintendo was like another level. The old school, when you like put the, yeah, We need to, I like to talk and play video games. 'cause a lot of times the podcast is very like, you can't do something at The same time. Now it's too complicated. Xbox ruined everything. Yeah, just too many buttons. That's what I'm saying. We need to go and play. I mean you made like the newer, like the Nintendo Switch has a sonic that I just, I used to meditate in this during Covid, during the, the, during this pandemic due the pandemic, the, I Used to meditate to say go, what do you say? Med? Yeah. I used to meditate in video games. And it's funny, I would watch like Wally over and over and over and over and I had a cousin that just just reads a lot and they've been like, I got a husband that reads a lot.


Oh Yeah. And he was just so mad at me that I just kept on watching the same movies over and over. But if I like a movie, like I'm watching Northman right now. It's about these Viking slaves that overcome things and it's, you know, I don't know what God's plan is for me, a Norman, they fight to the death. But I'm willing, you know, I'm willing to give my life for what God calls me to do. But I think it'll be cool to have a podcast where we're playing video games on a really big screen and they were just talking. I also feel like, you know, my, my kids like to watch people play video games. That's the weirdest thing ever to me. Yeah. As a whole culture. You, your brothers like that.


The same thing. You do the same thing. I'm like, this is weirdo. Watch the wi Watch it. So we're playing video games. That's actually gonna pull it. Imagine being able to even attract the entire video game community as voters. Right. Attract them onto Parlor too. But it's true. Yeah. They like me by the way, the gamers love Canice Owen. So I stood up for them with the bs. The original me Too was Gamer Gate book. That's a way deeper lower like thing that people can't even talk about. The gamers get what I just said with that. But that was the original Me too. And that's what brought me to my awakening. So I like the gamer community, but the only thing is like, what game are we black?


That's a serious Question. Life. The game of life. No, no, no, no, no. It has to be like a good video game. You know what I'm saying? Like it, it's gotta be one of the old ones. It has to be like Donkey Kong or something. Yeah. Like I don't wanna play freaking Grand Theft Auto. I see. That's what you wanna play. I'm Not, I'm not big, big grand theft. I mean, life is Grand Theft auto. I'm not, I'm not, we're in Grand Theft auto. Right. That's the closest to the simulation of our life. That and the Bible itself, If you think it's like simulation theory in the Bible itself, it's like, okay, If you pick your character, you're gonna make the character in your image. Yeah. That's how the Bible sucks, right? That's, that's exactly what it, so I'm just envisioning where this God cast or this dream sleepy cast or this dream cast can go.


You know, I'm like ideating and envisioning the next frontier of where this is. But I'm just overwhelmed by what you know, God has done for me today. I'm just, I'm happier than I've ever been. Right guys. So there you have it. So many thoughts probably racing through your head. It's kind of a weird thing. The outside was so loud, the media, the headlines, the screaming, and yet this moment I, I'm grateful to God for it because it was kind of the eye of the storm and I think a lot of the stuff that he said was extremely valid. And I look forward to hearing what you have to say.


And yeah, I'm grateful. I believe that the only solution is more speech, not less. And I hope that you carry that attitude with you because it's the only way we're ever gonna get closer to truth. I'll see you guys tomorrow.