
All right you guys, the internet is on fire. Today we jump back into our conclusive episode on the Becoming Brigitte series because I know there are so many lingering questions. Is Brae Macron the first lady of France, Emmanuel Macron's biological father? We're hearing that a lot. Where is the real brae truck? No, like I said, a lot of people have theories and I think today we can allow ourselves to roam and wonder these sorts of questions. I see that there are talkers that are getting their accounts hit and banned for discussing the matter. So welcome back to becoming Brae.


I think it's safe to say that my interview with journalist Xavier Psar completely melted the internet. It definitely melted our website at Candace Owens dot com. There were many people who had not previously engaged in the series entirely, but they saw the now infamous side by side of the photo of a young Jean-Michel when he was 18 years old, old taken at an engineering school next to the current French First Lady, Brigitte Macron. And they were just kind of jolted into the understanding that something was very wrong. Like yes, you can be an almost identical twin with your brother who you're supposed to have like you know, seven years, seven or eight years apart from, but that doesn't seem to be the case.


The photographic evidence became instantly, I think, undeniable for a lot of people. And so, so now we have just a lot of people that are going backwards and diving in from the very beginning as they should. I am recommending do not start at that interview and then jump into this episode. We have covered so much. One can only come to understand how such a potential identity swap could be feasible If you begin to map out the supporting cast of characters. That's why we took our time here because you have to understand who is around these people, what is their network? How much power would it take If you did want to create identities or destroy identities? And we've arrived there. We have finally arrived there.


So First and foremost, just bringing this back up, let's take again a look at Emmanuel's Family Tree. And of course we have learned, and I'm going to reinforce here, that he is not, at least it doesn't appear that he was close to who are supposed to be his biological parents or his biological siblings, at least by any stretch of an understanding of his own autobiography, right? He didn't write about them, just a couple of sentences, but he had so much to say about Brie's family and really only a lot to say in terms of his biological family about his grandmother. And I think most of us suspect, and I can say I most certainly do that, that that mom and dad, they're not actually his mom and dad.


That's how I just feel about the circumstance in terms of him describing, well, it was my grandmother that first taught me how to ride a bike and I also find it to be suspicious. Again, this is our last episode so we can start to theorize a bit. I feel incredibly suspicious about the fact that they're both doctors, that they were doctors that dad's a pediatrician, and your mom who we thought or didn't understand why she was involved with the Social security office, actually was involved in helping transgendered people secure new identities. That doesn't make us feel good about that Nebula that is around them. And of course, like I said, the curious case of his grandmother, who he affectionately calls Manette, we know that there are virtually no photos of her available.


The person who essentially raised Emmanuel Macron, again according to his own autobiography, we are given just two photographs of why. Well do we even actually know if that was her name? She was allegedly also a teacher. Why is it so hard to get photographs that demonstrate his childhood? Was her name even actually Jermaine, Ari Bet Nog, did she have another name that she may be potentially use? I'm taking you guys through my own process here. Why are we just getting these two photos? Like I said, while in the past we have stuck strictly to the facts today we are gonna permit ourselves a little more wiggle room. I hold the suspicion that many of the people have come to, I think at the same exact understanding that it could be plausible that all of these people have multiple identities.


If you've got somebody in the family that can destroy identities and create identities, why wouldn't you use that to your advantage? And I also think it's important to think about the timeframe. It was a different world. You know, thinking about relatives that were growing up during World War I or World War ii, we are talking about humans moving over national lines, nations changing, literally geographical changes that changes that were happening depending on who won wars or who lost wars, right? You had people who were hiding their true identities sometimes out of a necessity outta fear of persecution, right? You have to completely get IDs, change your identity and hide in different countries.


Well, we know for a fact that within this particular story, despite what we are being sold as the public, at least one side of the family changed their names or or had one member who changed their names. And it's kind of strange that the public was sold this story about the trig noses without somebody just adding that. Actually, we made up this guy's name. Let's get into that Trino family, right? The Brano Brano. Where did that family come from before they settled in Amon and became sort of like a mafia? Because that's what it looks like to me. It looks like the Trino family operates like a mafia to this day. They're supposed to be a family of chocolatier.


They have this supposed to be the sweet origin story. And this is actually the most recent publication discussing their family story that I could find in the local newspaper in Amon. This was published in 1990, I think it was 1991. It might be 1993. And there was, this was to announce the birth of another Trino family member. And it's showing you the lineage of the fathers of the chocolatier, right? So at first you have an 1852 John Baptist, he was leading the shop, then you have John, then you have John, then you have John Claude, then you have John Alexander. And I'm showing you this because I want you to understand all of the men in the Trog, no family have the same first name, John Trog.


No, that is significant. It is significant also because it complicates matters, okay? So if they say John Trino is alive and well, you're not really getting anything there, right? Is it cousin, brother, uncle, nephew? Every male in the Trino family has the name John Trino. And most of them, by the way to be clear, have more than one middle name. Okay? So First and foremost, just going back to that, that publication, if we can get that back up, that first original Trino John Pope, yeah, that was a lie. His name wasn't actually John Pope, the original John that settled in Amon and opened this chocolatier shop.


His real name was actually Mark Aon, Xavier Trane. So that's just a part of the legacy that they just like made up. And I, and I'm not sure what the reason or the purpose of that lie is. Again, we know for a fact his name was Mark Aon. We were able to secure the birth certificate. This is not disputed amongst genealogists. So it's just the question of why even start with a small lie about your family's legacy. Is it because you wanted to show lineage or was a conscious decision made for one reason or another? That's unbeknownst to the public to tell that lie. Is it really about just making things more confusing that you make a decision that we're gonna call everybody in the family genre?


For what? What reason would that be? Why would you make that decision? Even by the way, to be clear, the women in the family also have male middle names. So we're gonna bring up that family photo again, the now infamous family photo. We are told by the way that that's Jit in her mother's lap. It looks nothing like Jit, but we'll, we're just gonna go with that. This photo again, to remind you, was introduced to the public by Mimi Marshan, who we do not trust to save our lives. But you can see Ji's middle name, her full name is actually Jit Marie. Claude Trino. Okay, Bridgette Marie Claude Trino.


Which is interesting by the way to be clear, because her dad, as you can see, doesn't have Claude in his name. So she's taking on Claude Trau for what reason? Her dad is John George Trau. He does have a son, as you can see right above there in this photo. A son who has Marie and his name as well, his name is John Claude Marie Joseph Trino, that's a lot of names. You don't typically see this in families outside of the aristocracy. Right outside of the aristocracy where you'll see 20 names going back to show their lineage. John Claude Marie, Joseph Brae, Claude Trino. And then of course we have our, our our guy Jean-Michel Henry Trino to the far left.


And then just to add more confusion, the people in the family seem to marry people that have the same names as their siblings. Okay? So this is not too relevant for you to remember. You can keep that photo up 'cause I just wanna keep going through it. But Monique Trau there on the right, she married someone with the same first name as her brother. So she married someone named John Claude. Okay, bit confusing. And then John Claude, the brother up top there, married someone with the same name as his sister Jit. He married someone named Jit Poon. So she then became Jit Trino.


It's just very convenient and very confusing and this is why you can just sort of go down this rabbit hole. And it makes you wonder, as I have wondered, is this confusion intentional? Because If you have all these names and everyone's kind of got the same name, my brain just goes, it would make it very easy for you to move through throughout the family and share identifications, right? To go in and say, I just want an idea that says Claude Joseph. Oh no, no, that is my name. I have a lot of names, but I'm actually Claude Joseph. And so maybe now I'm going as Claude Joseph. Again, I'm speculating here. But to be clear, this image in general is not one that I'm comfortable with because as I mentioned, we do not trust best image because we do not trust Mimi Marchand.


And the first time that this image was ever presented to the public, it was given to the public, to the documentary filmmaker who said that she felt like she was interviewing with the police when she was trying. Her name was Virginia Linhart. Remember her? She did this documentary, Rajit Macron, a French novel. And she said she had never been questioned like that. She was only allowed to speak to certain people given very few photos. And those photos all had to go through Mimi Marshawn's best image. So she's handing out these images and her history. Mimi Marshawn's of being accused of forgery and extortion. I'm starting to wonder what exactly best image specializes in that.


They had the exclusive on any photos from Bridget's past and only produced a few. Do they specialize in Photoshop? Because there's one thing that some people on the internet have caught on. A couple of things really that jump out to me as odd about this photo. First and foremost, that girl on the far right, Monique Trau. Okay, look at her hands. That looks weird. What's going on there? It looks like a lot of fingers, maybe potentially too many fingers. Looks like six fingers, three of them of which are nubs. I mean, maybe she was throwing gang signs. Maybe she's in, she's in a gang. I don't know. But does that, does that looks very weird to me.


And the one thing that I do know about Photoshop is that people say it is incredibly hard to Photoshop hands. That's usually where people get caught. Photoshopping, when you see all these scandals. We knew Kim Kardashian photoshopped it because of her hands. She's missing a hand, she's missing a finger. I don't know why that is. I, again, I don't work in that space, but it is incredibly hard to Photoshop hands and fingers. And then there's Monique's face in general. As soon as I saw it after going through so much of Brigitte's history, I realized, and we can pull that photo up again, that Monique just looked familiar to me. I felt like I had seen that face before. And being told this is an older sister, but to be honest, she looks a lot like this photo.


Okay, I was like, this looks like this photo looks very, very similar. These are supposed to be two different people. It looks like, I don't know. How could this be two different people. And if you're wondering what that photo is on the left, that's a photo of Jit. Apparently they dug up France three came across an old photo from 1989 of Brae, jits Ziaire. So this is Jits after marriage brae in the teacher phase. And I just find that that face is just so familiar. But hey siblings, siblings are familiar, right? Not a big deal. You can, you can look exactly like your sister.


And So I just said to myself, okay, well let me just see some current pictures of Monique. Maybe they still look like dead ringers for one another and they're both alive today, so this shouldn't be hard to find photos of Monique. And actually it was really hard to find photos of Monique despite marrying a billionaire from Amon. Now a billionaire automobile family, Monique Trino marries this guy. Again, not important for you to remember named John Claude Gide, who owns like the largest automobile billionaire company in France. I, she just never took photos throughout her life besides that one and find a wedding photo, nothing.


And Xavier Psar had warned me 'cause I was texting him going, how is this possible? I mean, come on. How do you marry a billionaire? Marry someone who comes billion, there's just no photos of you. And there's like one photo of her husband. I'm like, this can't be a thing. I understand privacy, but this is not a thing. And Xavier warned me, don't start down the rabbit holes because nothing makes sense. Soon as you start looking at the story, you realize nothing makes sense. And that's exactly what they want to essentially to drive you crazy, to confirm what should be very basic things. And for whatever reason, it's virtually impossible to do. Impossible to do so. Despite the big names of these families, despite their proximity to power, it's virtually impossible to confirm anything.


So I just went ahead and I left it alone. But there's one thing that I find that makes entirely no sense and it's very strange and I would very much like to invite the public to jump in on this incredible mystery. Okay, so many of you had suspected that these families might all be related. Are the Ozi, the Trados and the Macrons all just from the same family? Is there a chance that Jit Macron, some of you asked, is actually the father of Emmanuel Macron? Now to be clear, I had never made that statement because I wanted to keep this series factual and to pull away from my gut and to be like Xavier and to only go with the documents and the things that we could could confirm.


But there is obviously a lot going on here, a lot of evidence which suggests and points to the conclusion that the secret seems to be bigger than just having a transgendered wife, right? I mean, think back to the moments that we went over here of President Emmanuel Macron looking to his wife je for answers, basic answers about the biological biographical background of his family. Remember that scene we told you about when he was speaking to a politician and a politician was like, yo, your sister lives near here. Where does she live? And Emmanuel freezes up and looks to bras, why don't you know where your sister lives?


Emmanuel, what's going on here? Why does it feel like there is this relationship where maybe you and Jit jits your, I don't know, more than the wife for sure to be sure? Why does it feel like the JIT is sort of holding your hand? Why does it feel like you've always had your hand held by people that are more powerful than you? We definitely know and have confirmed like we did in the last episode, that he had his hand held through his career by David de Rothschild, a family that is known and is on record as having practiced incest. Okay?


Why? And how did Emmanuel Macron get so close to the Rothschilds so close that his colleague said, this dude didn't even know what Ibada met, and yet he became the youngest managing partner. We understood that whatever it was, David Rothschild was holding his hand. He just couldn't question the power that he was being given. And we would laugh at him in meetings 'cause he knew nothing about finance. Why did David Rothschild see to it that Emmanuel had his handheld vice is nice, but incest is best because it stays in the family. That is a direct quote from David de Roth's child's cousin, Natalie Reams Rothschild, and in case you don't believe me, here was a clip of her saying that, By the way, take a listen.


Vice is nice, but incest is best because it stays in the family. She said it in English, switched right over from French and said, this is, this is what we say and our family vice is nice, but incest is best. Then there was a biography which was written by author Natalie Livingston, which was entitled The Women of Rothschild, which sort of revealed the maniacal desire that the Rothschild family had to maintain their fortune and their power in the world. A desire that was so maniacal that they practiced family incest. That is just undeniable. It is a fact. Okay? And allegedly, they did this only until it was no longer socially acceptable, right up until the late 19th century.


You guys, right? Before we get into this, this Trino family, it's just amazing. They then they said, no more, no more. And what's interesting in this book is that Natalie Livingston documents that the reason for this is the original Rothschild Mayor am shell, Rothschild's will, she says quote, it goes back to that will in it Mayor Am Shell Rothschild said that nothing was more important than the family. And that meant at any cost, it was about preserving the unity of the bank and the integrity of the name. There's no question, Inmy can't have been great. For example, there's an enormous amount of mental health issues that ran in the family.


I can't believe there's not a correlation between endogenous matches and the issues of mental health. She then even discusses how that mentality within the family was so strong that they believe that any women woman who stepped outside of the family in terms of who she married was cursed. Like you are cursed because you did not marry your cousin, brother, uncle, whatever it is. So of course your brain wanders and you begin to think naturally in this story. Why did David de Rothschild pluck up? Macron a guy who his colleagues said did not even know what EBITDA was, and yet they, David Rothschild moved to make him the youngest manager managing partner in the bank's history.


Okay? A bank's goal is to make profit. If you are a Rothschild, you care about making profit. Of course, If you care, especially in a maniacal sense about making sure that your power is not lost in the world, the last thing you're gonna do is pluck up some obscure guy who knows nothing and pull him through the ranks. He would only step outside of that obvious goal of wanting the bank to make money if there was something more important to money. And that would be power, right? And you would only do that if nepotism was going on, in my view. You're like, I'm pulling you through the ranks because you are related to me and what matters more to me is that this bank and whatever it is that you do maintains within the family, you give someone a job.


Not because they're qualified in that sense, but because they are your family member. Right? How and why did David de Rothschild get so close to the Macron family of doctors and the Truo family of chocolatier, right? How, what I can tell you, and again, we are now being purely speculative, is that my instinct, my personal instinct has always been that If you were going to inbred a father son relationship might actually be too close. I always felt that if it took place, we would be looking for an uncle. I feel like that's just like a standard story. Like an uncle molesting a child feels like that's what I, my brain instantly does what my brain instantly searches for.


And it turns out, you guys, you are not going to believe me, but this pattern of similar names in every family and the family members also extends to the Macron family. Remember, there are no photos known to date of Emmanuel Macron with his parents growing up. That is insane. Okay? We do know that his father, the person that they tell us is his father. His name is of course Jean Michel Macron. But there's another Jean-Michel that we haven't mentioned yet, and he's perhaps the most important one. Uncle Jean Michel Nog. Now let's add him to the Emmanuel family tree so you guys can get a visual here.


Okay, so his dad is Jean-Michel, his mom is Francois Nog. Well, Francois Nog has a brother and had a brother. As you can see, he died in 2006 and his name was Jean-Michel Nog. Okay, that was of interest to me. Again, I'm going down the rabbit hole. I just wanna identify who is who. Okay? He is the brother of Dr. Francis. No, the one who helps transgendered individuals get new IDs. Okay? Amazing. And also she said, as we pointed out that to her brae, Brae is not a daughter-in-law. Huh? What is she to you?


Okay, let's just keep going down this rabbit hole. Well, the funny thing is that Emmanuel Macron did not follow the normal course of Catholicism, okay? He was not baptized as a child. In fact, his parents are not religious. He chose himself to be baptized at the age of 12 while he was at the law school. So two years before he met the love of his life, JIT, he decided to make the decision, which is, I mean, that's amazing, right? To, I say I want to be baptized. And that's a weird thing. I think it's a, it's, it's a remarkable thing, rather, not a weird thing, a remarkable thing for a 12-year-old to do without parental guidance.


But what's interesting in that, what we haven't mentioned before is that he chose his uncle, Jean-Michel to be his godfather when he got baptized. Okay? So baptisms are not supposed to be just like an act of vanity. I know today they've become them. I'm just gonna pick a bap, you know, a godfather or godmother. And actually I have no faith in God, no faith in religion. I just think it would be cool or whatever. That's kind of the moderate interpretation. Now, this has significant spiritual meaning. This person is supposed to be selected to be the person to guide you spiritually throughout the rest of your life. If something were to happen to you, this is a person that your, your parents would entrust something to if something were to happen to your parents.


Pardon? This is supposed to be an individual that your parents would entrust to guide you spiritually for the rest of your life. Emmanuel Macron picked John Michel Nog his uncle. Okay, I'm gonna read this directly from Xavier PSA's book. He wrote, quote, a character in particular caught our attention. Emmanuel Macron's, maternal uncle, Jean-Michel Nog, he was important. Emmanuel Macron chose him as his godfather when he decided to be baptized. The role of the godmother obviously fell to Mannette. Born on December 15th, 25th, pardon?


1940 in Niev and died on October 6th, 2006 in Amon. Jean-Michel Nog was not some general practitioner, he was a prominent member of the board of the Faculty of Medicine of Amon, as indicated by his obituary, published by his colleagues in LA career. Picard, remember that's the newspaper in Amon. He was also the chairman of Domus Medica, a non-trading real estate company, bringing together numerous of local healthcare professional organizations. Then he gets into, these are just friends for the council department, blah, blah, blah.


So this was an important man. He's a huge figure. So I thought, surely this man, uncle Jean-Michel must be photographed somewhere, maybe a photo of him and Emmanuel at the baptism day, maybe at La Prance, I don't know, maybe on Emmanuel Macron's wedding Day to Jit. Surely we can find a photo of this guy within medical circles, okay? And you're not going to believe his guys, and of course you're gonna believe it. First and foremost, he died in 2006, the year before Emmanuel Macron got married to the love of his whole entire life, Bridgette. And regarding photos, of course, of course Xavier Posar attempted to secure them. He specifically went to the archives of the faculty of me of medicine where Jean-Michel, uncle Jean-Michel worked in Amons and built up such a remarkable, remarkable reputation for himself.


And guess what? For whatever reason, he refused the request. So we don't have any photos of him. He died in 2006 and we don't have any photos from him from when he was alive and was clearly very active in Emmanuel's life. And I don't know why Emmanuel didn't dedicate an entire chapter to him. His uncle, who he was so close to spiritually his leader. You know, that's, that's a, that's not something you just forget, right? The person who you believe is going to spiritually guide you throughout the rest of your life, you know you're attending a Catholic school, you would know the significance of such a meaning. Why did you pick him? This means nothing. It could mean nothing guys.


It could mean everything, okay? It just, again, more than anything, Dem demonstrates the unbelievably unnecessarily secretive nature that surrounds this family. People exist on paper, they don't exist in photos and then they disappear, right? You have to imagine By the way that Uncle Jean-Michel would have been living in Amon at the same time that Jean-Michel Trau would've been living in Amon throughout his marriage with the, the woman that he married and I'm blank, I'm totally blanking on her name. Who did? Jean-Michel Trau. Veronique Veronique Drew. Yeah. They all just in this little close community.


You'd have to imagine that right at the same time. But who knows, they both just kind of disappear into thin air anyways, this is just what happens when you look into things they debunk nothing. By the way, If you ask, Hey, could you just clarify that? Can we get a photo here? They instead wait for everyone who's investigating this to make a mistake and then they sue people make a mistake while you're asking meaningful questions and you are gonna get sued If you live in France, New York. You worse, you could be in prison. People have been imprisoned for looking into this story, arrested for looking into the story. Xavier is correct. It is meant to drive everyone crazy jumping through a thousand rabbit holes.


And speaking of rabbit holes, we should now discuss more thoroughly a little chubster, a little fat one as Xavier calls him recently presented by the media as proof that Jean-Michel exists. Listen, I wanna be very clear. I have no doubt in my mind that a Jean-Michel exists in Amon. It seems like that's just everyone's name. Everybody's Jean Michel. So do not color mic shocked when they say we have found a Jean Michel. I've already found about six of them. Now you're probably thinking can see there's just too many Jean Michels in every side of this family. I'm not quite sure what to trust. Well we at least have to try to understand who this little chubby guy is and if he is indeed the same Jean Michel that is pictured in the initial Trino family photo.


First, just wanna throw to some of our sponsors, Jacked Up Fitness is one of them with RFK Junior's Historic Confirmation, the Make America Healthy Again movement is finally here. That's why I am so excited to tell you all about Jacked Up Fitness. George and I are moving soon and we cannot wait to have a full home gym that's gonna be set up from these guys with our busy schedule. We are so looking forward to the convenience of having that full gym experience right in our own home. The Jacked Up Power Rack Pro is a commercial grade all in one home gym that has everything that you need to get a full body workout in your garage or your spare room and get this, I just heard from the Jacked Up team that RFK Junior himself is getting a jacked up Power Rack Pro installed in his new office in DC so he can keep his own workouts going while leading the Make America Healthy Again initiative for all of us. The Power Rack Pro package comes with a full set of their branded rubber weight plates and a fully adjustable incline and decline bench. So if you're new to weight training, do not worry. They have full body video workouts that you can literally just press play and follow along. So no more excuses. Get your Dream Home gym today@getjackedup.com and you can use promo code Candace and you'll save 10% on your entire purchase. Build muscle burn fat. Start your fitness journey today@getjackedup.com with promo code Candace.


Also, I know there are tons of you that are tired of your high monthly payments just to have a a cell phone while it's time to ditch your overpriced big wireless contract and visit my friends at PureTalk 'cause you don't need to pay a hundred dollars a month just to get a free phone. PureTalk, which is my cell phone company says no to inflated prices with a qualifying plan. You can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for $0. And yes, this is for premium service on America's most dependable 5G network. So get your iPhone 14 or your Samsung Gala Galaxy for $0 with a qualifying plan by going to PureTalk dot com slash owens. You can make the switch and as little as 10 minutes. There's no hassle, no gimmicks, just honest to goodness wireless priced right. Visit PureTalk dot com slash owens to claim your new iPhone or Galaxy with qualifying purchase from PureTalk America's wireless company. That's PureTalk dot com slash Owens four details.


Alright, now let's jump back into this. Let's try to identify the little fat one, the little chubster, okay? Now it's important that I keep reminding you that the public is being gaslit in a manner that would make even Sigmund Freud blush, he was the father of gaslighting, okay? Gaslit little kids. We'll get into that another day. It is so easy to simply present photos of the current first lady throughout the eighties or photos of her with her brother Jean-Michel at any point throughout her entire life. Okay, this, it's so easy.


Don't let the media gaslight you and pretend This is crazy. It is the exact opposite. They are being crazy by not just putting all of this to rest. Even if her very active and photographed teaching years, even if she found some throughout her very active and photographed teaching years of her and John Michel together, I'd be like, okay cool. There is only one massive family reunion photo that I could find since that family photo that was taken in the 1950s in Amon. And this photo was actually published in 1991 in a German magazine and I'm gonna show it to you now.


You can see on the right there we have got Jit. Now Jit Ziaire and missing from this photo is Jean-Michel. There's no Jean-Michel in this photo and it was allegedly them all getting together to celebrate the 50th wedding anniversary of the father, Jean George Trau and his wife Simone. So why would you not have all the siblings there that are alive? Doesn't that seem like quite the event to miss? Just be like a very, like we should very easily be able to say that the siblings are all here. 'cause you don't just miss your parents' 50th in 1991.


We know that John Michel has never died on paper, okay? He's never died on paper. He is still alive according to Jit Macron. But what he does, what he has been doing, what his career is, nobody knows. Nobody knows. We are told in one book by one journalist who found it to be very suspicious when she went out to investigate this circumstance, Emmanuel Amon, that she was told in Amon that he just plays cards with his friends. I guess he's just a private guy who never left Amon. That's what we're supposed to believe. He never left Amon after his divorce from Veronique Drew. Now he's just kind of like retired and playing cards in a cafe with his friends, okay?


Nobody really knows what he's been up to. So with questions that were then reaching a fever pitch amongst the French public when they realized that for whatever reason this brother had been sort of left out of Brie's story and now they're being told that, well him and Brae were so close that at his wedding she signed at his very private wedding to Veronique Drew, she signed on as the witness and also at her wedding he was the best man. People are going, what's going on here? Where is this person? Suddenly the media had to start making up some answers and the answer that they provided was, oh, little chubby guy. As I discussed with, with Xavier Sard, we are told that this guy is the extraordinarily private Jean-Michel all grown up.


Now I can tell you right off the bat, in case you're wondering, the World Economic Forum Chinese software program says no, that is not the Jean Michel that we are looking for of a little boy in the photo. I can show you this match right here. The confidence is 54%. Now Xavier does say that when it comes to glasses, just to be super clear with you guys that the technology doesn't want you to use two people that are wearing glasses or glasses in general. They do caution can sometimes shade the face in a different way. But you can see here when we're showing you this, we're talking 52% confidence on the little chubby one next to him. Anyways, it would be easier rather than having to use technology if the Ellies a palace just came right out and said, yes, this is actually Jean-Michel Trau, the one you've been looking for, the same one pictured in that 1953 family photo from Amons.


It's such an easy thing to say, but that's not their thing. Clarity is not their thing. Ease is not their thing. Hush hush, be quiet. Threat Sue is their thing. So instead, just to be clear in the initial letter that they sent me the 100 page letter of an oppor of an opportunity really to say to me, do not publish your series. I am telling you that this John Michel that you're looking for, that little boy on the left is alive and well and they could have just provided me photos of his missing years. They decided to squander away that opportunity by instead sending me screenshots of the little chubster at the inauguration of Emmanuel Macron.


This, this is what they sent me. This is the exact language. What's more Jean-Michel has recently appeared in public. He attended President Macron's inauguration in 2017 and 2020, tweet the 2022 during your June 12th, 2024 appearance on Pi Morgan Uner Uncentered, you bet P Morgan a hundred thousand dollars that he could not find a photo of Jean Michel Chano implying that this would disprove your false claims. Below our publicly available images of Jean-Michel Trudeau from videos of President Macron's 2017 and 2020 to inauguration.


You will see that not only is Jean-Michel present, but also in the same frame as Braquet Macron, the conclusive evidence that you have been seeking to debunk your claims. Okay? So this is amazing. Keep that up for a second. Okay? It's amazing for a lot of reasons. It's amazing that the EA palace, rather than giving us a document, a passport, which things blacked out, but maybe just his name, a driver's license, anything that would be a form of id photos of them together growing up because this is our problem, is sending me screenshots of an inauguration with a guy in the background. Aha, it's debunked.


Jean-Michel exists. Like I said, 27 of them exists. I have no doubt that a Jean-Michel Trau exists somewhere in Amon. In fact, there's probably 20 of them. But of course NamUs took me for a fool. Okay? I've already been made wise to their game, so to speak, names and it's all about how you phrase the questions. It means nothing to tell me that a Jean-Michel exists, but it would mean everything if they simply spelled out an answer to a basic question about who they are claiming is Jean-Michel. So we went back to them with an exact question. So as to their, so there could have been no remaining confusion. We were clear we will publish the truth.


Here is the wording that we wrote in our letter back. Because the Macrons dispute the substance of Candace's reporting and opinions, we would like to provide them with the opportunity to present their stories and to clear up any rumors in the press. As such, we offer any date and time during the months of January, February and March of 2025 for an interview between Candace and your clients. Candace, her producer and a videographer will fly to Europe and arrange for a translator and studio in which the Macrons can answer questions. As you know, the first remedy for a defamation plaintiff is mitigation by using available opportunities to contradict the lie or correct the error and thereby to minimize its adverse impact on reputation.


We are providing such an opportunity to facilitate this interview. We offer the following questions in advance. So we gave them this opportunity weeks before we began this series to answer a specific question about Jean-Michel at the inauguration. And here is the question we asked, I draw your attention to number three is the man you showed at President Macron's inauguration inaugurations in 2017 and 2022. The same individual pictured on the far left in the Trino family photograph from Amon. Yeah, I'm awake to your game, okay?


Don't tell me names, tell me. Is this the same person? And of course you guys, we never heard back. They had the energy and the frustration to write the letter and say it's a lie. And we gave them a runway of two weeks to say, just give us a yes or no to this and I promise you, okay, hand to God on my children's lives, if they had answered and said Yes, this is him, I would be reporting that information today. 'cause I'm not interested in jumping down this rabbit hole for the purpose of spinning a conspiracy theory. Okay? There is something very wrong with this family and perhaps the biggest thing that is wrong with this family is their refusal to answer basic questions while pretending that they're being victimized by the questions at the exact same time.


It's bad faith, acting, plain and simple, bad faith acting. So with no response from them at all, suddenly them going, mum, on answering these very basic yes or no questions, we decided to instead turn to try to identify the guy with the the inauguration footage. What is this screenshot they gave us in their notations a YouTube link, hours of footage from the inauguration and we decided to scrub through it. Okay? Eze palace legal team, we will raise to the challenge and, and look through this, maybe this, there is this familial vibe we can pick up on. First thing that I should note is that in both of these inaugurations, the John Michel is not standing with the family from a Crohn's speeches, okay?


Not at either inauguration in the 2017 inauguration, here's a still, he's standing with a bunch of priests, okay? And when you watch the footage, the mach, the family is all walking together as they go down the line and say hi to people and Lauren, that would be Bridgette's quote daughter speaks to him very briefly. They're all saying hi. It's like you gotta kind of walk through and say hi. The family is walking down and he's greeted two kisses on the cheek by Emmanuel Macron, but he is not standing with his family. Maybe he showed up late, right? Maybe he just showed up too late, got ushered in, okay, fine.


But that can't happen twice, right? Something that's also interesting is that Jean Claude, his alleged big brother, he wasn't with standing with or anything, was also present on this inauguration day. And yet Jean Claude at the luncheon, which followed this speech, was seated at a table with his siblings. He was seated, Jean Claude was seated with Brigitte. Here's a photo of that luncheon, okay? Not Jean-Michel, not the person. They alleges Jean-Michel, for whatever reason, he was not seated with his siblings. Now that's in French. The bottom, it says, this was published by the way in 2023, interestingly enough in Paris match. And they were speaking about the Trino family and they declined to mention that Jean-Michel, as they're telling us now, was at this inauguration, not sitting down at this table with his relatives, not sitting down with his brother, not sitting down with brae.


And what it says down there is at the table of brae, her brother John Claude and loved ones, okay, interesting. Maybe, maybe he needed some fresh air, who knows? Maybe he didn't wanna sit there. Maybe they've got a strange relationship. But lemme tell you, it's gonna get even stranger at the 2022 inauguration because scrubbing through the footage, I once again recognize that Jeanelle is not standing anywhere near the family for the speech. Was he laid again? I don't know. My friends, I'm gonna show you this because even more awkward is the fact that when Emmanuel finishes his speech and does the walk, he goes over to the family section.


Here he is, and he makes a concerted effort to kiss and hug everyone alongside Jit. You'll see Jit just a pace behind him, intentionally pausing to kiss and hug all the family members you can see them, they start leaning in, they come out, look at love you. Oh, take, let's take our time here. Taan looking so proud. Now he's not walking with anyone but Jit, I'm not exactly sure who that guy is, but we're, what we're seeing here are nephews cousins. We're able to confirm who all of these people are. This is clearly the family section. And once again, I wanna be clear, it's both sides of the family that are standing in this section.


It's not just the Macron's, it is also obviously JI'S family. And you're gonna see that I'm, I'm just gonna let this plague, it's important for you to, to recognize the differences here. This, By the way, in case you wanna look this up yourself, is at the 43 minute mark of the inauguration. He starts going through his family. Now you're seeing Laurent, another child of Jit, okay? Kissing her kids. And now behind you have, who is supposed to be his mother, biological mother, Dr. France Nog, who spends her time helping transgendered individuals get new IDs. This is the family section, okay? There is no question the person they alleges Jean-Michel, for whatever reason, once again, does not want to stand with his family, okay?


You fast forward. So that again is the 43 minute mark. Then you have to fast forward all the way up to the 51 minute mark to see him finally approaching Michel. And a couple of things I'm gonna point out to you. Now, this is the screenshot where the legal team had the audacity to say in the same frame, he's in the same photo as his sister Je. What they left out was that je completely ignores him. I mean completely does not say a word to the individual that is supposed to be her brother. Let's watch this together and watch how awkward Emmanuel CROs is with this individual.


So you are seeing this, if you're on audio, that's her brother that's supposed to be shot and Michel, okay? They won't answer that for sure, but that's supposed to be who they're trying to make us believe is her brother. Nothing said Emmanuel ee just completely, oh, there's the frame where they're trying to like, oh, she's right there with her brother says, not a word. Okay, you can go back and watch this. I did not make this up, but just walks right by. Who would do this to their brother on Inauguration Day? Emmanuel Macron. Now I feel like if I was in the presence of my brother-in-law, I'd like feel like I must go up to him first, right? I better go up to him first and then Emanuel's like, oh, okay, I have to say something a little friendly. Goodbye. And that's it.


Okay, now let's pause that frame. Was he standing with, let's back up a little bit If you can Mark, see that guy in the background? You wanna, who he's standing with? David Rothchild. Jean-Michel was standing with David Rothschild. Well, I'm just, I'm, I'm truly amazed by this because Jean-Michel didn't have a career in baking, in, in banking. Jean-Michel may have had a career in baking, but not banking, right? He's supposed to be from the family of chocolatier. He's never left Amon. We can't find any evidence of him having left Amon. So what's he doing? What's his relation to David Rothschild? Why is he standing there? And please just make sense of it. Again, I'm, I am, I'm just a regular old person.


I got nothing but street smarts. But I gotta tell you, my entire family is all the way down there and I've decided not to sit with them, not to stand with them, but to be by myself with security and David Rothschild. Ladies and gentlemen, what the hell is going on? What's going on? Do you feel convinced that's a family member? Nope. Rajet once again, doesn't want, doesn't want Jean Michel at her table. They were so close when she got married to Andre Lewis, she, they were so she please, I need you to be the best man. So close. When he got married to Veronique Drew, it must have been a massive family falling out that makes it so that even when he is at the inauguration, he doesn't want, he doesn't stand with the family.


Like it just must have been an, an absolute disaster of a family falling out. And again, what do the Rothschilds have to do with Amon? Just, I just find this to be an incredible theme here. So what does this all mean? What does this all mean? Well, what it means is that unfortunately guys, I can't answer these questions for you and neither at this moment can Xavier Psar. But what it means is that for the first time, rather than the entire world being told by the mainstream media being gaslit by the mainstream media to believe that there was nothing here and Candace was having postpartum psychosis by looking into the story.


Now millions and millions of people worldwide are gonna look into this story. Millions have watched this series. Millions are emailing, millions are investigating. And someone somewhere, you know something, someone somewhere saw something, someone somewhere maybe able to find a photo of Jean-Michel Nog in the archives of the medical centers that he worked at throughout his illustrious career. Someone somewhere maybe recognizes which Jean-Michel that is. Okay, someone somewhere perhaps knows the answer to the mystery of what happened to Brae Trino.


Where is Brae Trino? Was Brat Trino given a different name? Did Brae Trino die young after having children? I don't know the answers to these questions. It's taken us taken Xavier Posar. Pardon? And people like Natasha Ray, almost a decade of their lives to get us to this point. Many of them giving up their freedoms. Natasha Ray has been in and out with can a cancer diagnosis being tortured by the Trino Mafia as I would describe it, because they act like a mafia. When you start prying into this, we will legally abuse you If you start asking these questions.


'cause that's what we'd rather do than answer anything. They have given up a decade of their lives to researching this. And now we have the ability to crack this wide open. And so If you have information about this family, maybe you're somebody sitting in Algeria and you're going, yeah, no, I remember him. Yeah. What goes on in in Algeria at this time? Maybe you went to school with Jean Michel Trau, maybe you are in the French military and you see something strange about access to his files because there is a file, there is a military file that is being locked down as it pertains to Jean Michel Trau. Again, something that is supposed to be made available to the public that they won't make available and they just wanna gaslight us about that.


He's just so private, so private. But he does go to the inauguration, but so private. He doesn't wanna stand with the family or be involved with them. He rather stand with David de Rothschild. Help me out guys. If you have information, please send it to info at Candace Owens dot com. It is my instinct. Yes, I agree with those of you that are commenting right now, that we are looking potentially at incest. That is, that is what in my gut feels, it has to be a secret so big that it would make them react in this way because it is a type of violence to treat journalists like this. It is a, a kind of emotional violence to do these sorts of things.


And they do it as though they know that advice is nice, but incest is best and things should be kept within the family.


Anyways, you guys, before I get into answering some of your questions, I want to remind you about our last sponsor, Nimi Skincare. You guys know I absolutely love them. I'm always promoting them on my Instagram. They really a wonderful co, a wonderful company. If you are ready to maintain the new year, new me momentum and you're looking for a good Skincare regimen, from gentle formulas to luxurious treatments, Nimi offers everything you need to keep your skin glowing. Right now you can use code Candace 10 at checkout to enjoy 10% off your order. Whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is the perfect opportunity to try Mimi's transformative Skincare at a great price. Mimi Skincare isn't just another beauty brand, it's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom proudly made in the USA. If you're looking for something extra gentle, Mimi's clean fragrance free formulas are ideal for sensitive skin and those that are seeking a pure approach to self-care. So use code Canice 10 today at nimi Skincare dot com. That's spelled NIMI Skincare dot com. Promote code Candace 10 and you will save 10% on your purchase. So give yourself or someone special, that gift of glowing, refreshed skin go strong into 2025 nimi Skincare dot com, promo code Candace.


I also wanna add here guys, If you appreciate this series, we've kept this obviously entirely free. So much work has gone into this. It would mean the world to me. If you're watching this right now and you just took a couple of seconds to go to Candace Owens dot com, buy some gear. You can buy a Candace Sandis cup and you know ev, we've got different colors available. Everything is fake and gay 'cause it is, you know, fake and nineties gay. It's one way you can support us. You can also buy my upcoming book, which is about feminism, good can stones.com, and you'll actually get a discount on buying available for pre-order. Make him a sandwich. You can also just give a gift, sign up, get into my vaccine series. It's a whole nother rabbit hole to jump down for parents to understand what is happening to children in vaccines and to learn more about the medical mafia and people that are waking up to the fact that there was a medical mafia.


I would love it If you supported us in any capacity so that we can continue to keep this important information free without putting it behind a paywall of something that I just never envisioned doing. I mean, how could you talk about a story that involves incest in children and the criminal activities of government and then do a teaser and put it behind a paywall? I want these topics to stay free and we've been able to do this in large part, thanks to the people around the world that are supporting us in whatever capacity. And so If you can, I'm basically asking you to head to canis owens.com and donate whatever you can buy, whatever you can to support and just show that you really enjoyed this series. That would, that would be amazing. All Right guys, getting into some of your questions that are coming in right now, which I hope that I'm equipped to answer.


This person write, just got my becoming my Becoming Brigitte book in today. I can't wait to dive in. Thank you and your team for all of the great work that you guys do. Honestly, guys, this series podcast form is one fraction of the work that Xavier Ard has done and has put into his book, way more Petto criminals that I could have brought up and just thought, okay, we wanna keep this series moving. You gotta do that deep dive. I mean, even today, me telling you about the uncle, we hadn't even gotten to that point. And yeah, to see the success of this book, people that are already asking for rights to it in different languages. I'm getting emails on behalf of Xavier that are coming in. I'm just so happy for him because like I said, his family, what a sacrifice. You just don't see journalists like that anymore who are willing to give up and fundamentally alter their their lives to tell a truth and to stand up against true power, true systemic power and abuse.


Nadia is giving us tons of vomit emojis to just speaking about the topic of incest. We are right there with you and it is unbelievable to hear someone just say that on stage and admit that freely. Ali says, Candace, the media poisoned my mind against you for so long. I'm truly sorry, but I'm here now and staying because you're one of the most elegant and inspirational people I've ever heard. Thank you for always speaking truth, totally forgiven. I know so many people have heard lies about me last year when I began looking into this story. It seems to be one of the points where everything turned around and they just started trying to tell people that I was literally Adolf Hitler. Like that is the storyline. A couple of weeks ago, right before we started the story, they then came out and tried to convince the public that I was inspiring school shootings.


I mean, it has been insane, insane to see what the media will do to someone when they inch closer to a truth. And I think all of us wake up at a different moment and begin to question our relationship with the media minds happened a little earlier than yours, Ali, but I had that moment too. I believed everything that I read because it almost you, you would be crazy to think that the media is actually protecting evil and attacking good. But that is the circumstance that we find ourselves in today, we, we recognize that and it's a beautiful thing to wake up to it actually, and to have the humility to admit that you are wrong. Not a lot of people have the humility. They just go, I've said this for years, So I have to just keep saying a thing. So welcome, I'm happy to have you here.


Waves just writes, you're amazing. Thank you guys for these compliments. I need them today. I was so tired today. Like you have these days when you're pregnant where you're just like, I just can't do it. And I was having that kind of a morning and now I feel great and amazing. Mikel writes, Friday Guesses, fake Moon Landing. Manson murders. Epstein, MLK. Okay, So I have announced that tomorrow I will be announcing my next series and it's a big one. We're not gonna start it tomorrow, but I'm gonna announce it tomorrow. So you're not gonna wanna miss Friday's episode and she's guessing Moon landing Manson murders. Epstein, M-L-K-J-F-K, Obama's birth certificate. Love you so much. I love all of those guesses.


You will have to wait and see. Alison just wrote that Alison actually just donated to the show, so just thank you for that. Allison, we see that coming through. Keely writes, hi Candace, thanks for your incredible journalism. During the interview, Xavier said Mimi had a falling out with the fam. Has no one spoken to her since? I feel though shady that she may have the info that we need. She is currently going through trial. She's being potentially gonna be convicted. It has a huge scandal. I, I remember reading about it vaguely, but it involves like Nicholas Sarcozi. It's, it's insane what she was doing to get blackmail. Just write up her alley. You know what I mean? And so you can look into that. If you actually just look up Mimi Marshan, you can follow that case.


I don't have an update for you right off the top of of my head, but she is in it. And yes, of course they would've necessarily had to have distanced themselves as they are still pretending that everyone around them is a criminal. It's just not them, which is pointedly ridiculous. Brian writes, while there it is, the gene pool is so mixed and confused in both the Trino and Macron families that they are difficult to individually identify. And yes, that is the point. I believe KH writes, Macron was live on TikTok earlier. All I saw in the comments was your name over and over. Fantastic. That is fantastic. I cannot wait to go find that he is in a PR crisis trying to smile his way through it.


It's not going to work. The scandal is now officially too big. And in my opinion, Emmanuel Macron, to step down from office because you have lied repeatedly to the French people. You have harassed journalists. You are a monster and not a monster of your own doing. You were targeted when you were a child. And a part of me feels bad for you, but you are, you are, are damaged goods, and what you have done is unforgivable. As a leader of a country, what you are doing is unfor unforgivable and no one takes you seriously anymore. He's actually doing America soon, and it's just ridiculous to pretend that he has any power. You know, whatever shadow is behind you, fly it over so they can have a conversation with President Trump. We know that you were created, you are not real. You have no thoughts of your own. You are the Mantu candidate, and you have absolutely no power.


And that's why I didn't fear you when you sent a letter, because you are an absolute nobody in my book. And what I sense is your fear of being seen. And what terrifies me is that people described you, your own people described you as almost psychopathic during covid. Like you were enjoying harming people. And I wonder how much your childhood being groomed by the person that you are married to, impacted that. Lastly, Eddie writes, I found an interview of Brigitte talking, and it sounds exactly like the mystery trans person in your previous video. You are batting 1000 Candace. It is not me, it is the French people. I am blessed that Xavier brought this to me, and I'm blessed that I have the courage to look at something and be, you know, maimed and caricatured and called crazy by the media.


And it actually only commits me further to that cause because I know what the media is and I, I feel grateful. I genuinely feel honored that this audience has grown, that you guys trust me to bring you stories that might sound crazy in the beginning. Trust me, tomorrow's is going to sound crazy in the beginning, but to trust me, to then unfold it for you. And at our core, what all of these stories have in common is that you will recognize the media for what it is. It is an evil entity that is not protecting the people, is the exact opposite. It is. It is protecting the globalist power structure. And so thank you guys for trusting me with that, obviously we will be here tomorrow.


Please head to Candace Owens dot com and support our independence and we'll see you then.