
All right, ladies and gentlemen. So we knew that Emmanuel Macron and Jit were watching this series, but I am so pleased to report that. So is their surrounding cast or their former surrounding cast, I guess Last week we discussed Alexander Bela. I introduced him to you, their former deputy chief of staff who was caught impersonating a police officer and kind of beating the living heck out of protesters in the street. Well, guess what? Two days later, that young gentleman began following me on Instagram. I say the more the merrier. So welcome back. Hello Alexander Pen. Welcome back to our series Becoming Brae.


Honestly, I couldn't believe it when I saw it. It was like a priority note on my Instagram. It's like Alexander Bela started following you and I was like, whoa, okay, obviously, whoa. What's the meaning of this? I'm not exactly sure what the purpose of the follow was, given the fact that my profile is public, so you don't have to follow me. You can just look at my profile privately. I take it that he wanted me to know that he was following me, but you guys know me. I never squander away an opportunity. So I basically hit him up in his dms. I slid into Alexander Al's dms. Here's what I said, okay? I said, I'm glad you are enjoying my series.


Would you care to participate in it to have your voice added? And look, it says scene 12 hours ago, Alexander Bela left me on red. So sad, very sad. Anyways, I guess we'll just give him some time. Maybe he'll respond, maybe he'll contribute. The point of that always is I want to make sure that I am representing people the correct way. We've asked Jit, we've asked Emmanuel, nobody wants to give me any answers. So what we're gonna do this episode is just start where we left off. We discussed Veronique, and that was extremely explosive, obviously for a lot of people to learn that you had this individual who was obviously highly intellectual in talking about Chopin and speaking about poetry and Paul Verla and, and speaking about how they needed this platform, talking about a show in 1977 to essentially advocate so that there were well transgendered rights.


And I want to specifically speak about Veronique in terms of what was offered. Something that we didn't hone in on last episode, it was, there was a part of the correspondence which is going to become significant. So when the interviewer asked Veronique, do you live alone? Remember Veronique responded and said, I'm not with anyone, but I've lived with a woman and conceived this union in the style of George Sand. And Chopan Chopan was probably a transsexual. His style of melody, the way he plays, makes this quite clear. I think the image that has been given of the Reba of Union is a distorted caricature image that doesn't correspond at all.


So this trans individual who speaks exactly like Jit Macron according to AI tech, they say This is the same person, although the voice has aged over time, they have those same ticks in speech. That is to say, that is to say. But we learn in that little correspondence that that trans individual or identifying as a trans individual said or actually said, I've always viewed myself to be a woman was using this name Veronique, for the sake of the interview, and confessed to living with a woman in the style of George Sand and Chopin, whatever that means. We know this person has a partner of some description, a friend, a partner.


I don't know. I really don't know what that means. But then we learned that Jean Michel Trino, in another strange coincidence, shortly after this interview took place, happened to marry a woman named, yeah, you guessed it, Veronique, of course, Veronique drew, we are now introducing to you and Jean Michel had their marriage take place on November 24th, 1980 in Bloe Tron, a city named Bloe Tron, or a town named Bloe Tron. The union was only announced by the way after the fact. Okay? So did not occur after the fact.


The local newspaper, the Courier Picard, ran a little bit about it. And in that, since not all of us speak French, it's specifies that the union between these two, between man Jo and Madam Jean Trino and Madam Jacques drew took place in the strictest privacy. We heard that before. We've heard that before, haven't we? In the strictest privacy, I remember to phone use that exact same language when she described the burial of her father. Only we later learned that her father wasn't buried. He was cremated, but whatever. That's what Paris match said in the strictest privacy.


So Jean Michel drug now getting married, I don't know many people who get married and want to make sure it is in the strictest privacy, but that's what happened between these two individuals, Veronique and John Michel Trane, and you'll never guess who was the witness to this wedding, JE Trane. So man, these siblings are really close, which makes it even stranger that down the line, this person who's claiming to have been brae Trane, who is living in the LEA palace as the first lady, just tried to cut her brother Jean Michel Trau out of her life until journalists sniffed it out, that there was somebody that was missing. But yes, it is recorded that Jit Trau was the, the witness, the only witness that signed to this strictly confidential wedding.


Okay? Then what happens next is it's recorded that Jean Michel Trau and Veronique Drew had a child, John Jack Roc. Now that is the child that we showed you. That looks almost identical to Emmanuel McElroy, but it's really hard to convince me that these two people are not related, but they're not guys, not according, they're to the official. No legend. They're definitely not married. That's ji's side of the family. And then two years later, Jean-Michel Trau and Veronique Drew have a daughter, Valerie. Then very shortly thereafter, they get divorced. Their divorce is finalized in 1987.


Now then things get super interesting post-divorce. Veronique Drew remarries years later, 1998, a man named Alan Dela Simone, he is a major insurer from Amon. Now, something worth noting is that after her marriage to Jean-Michel Veronique classes up, like she now has money and she begins living a life, the high life that she never lived prior to, okay, can happen. I guess you can class up in life, but it's just worth noting that she's living in a way that she hadn't lived before. So naturally, the journalist Xavier Posar contacted her.


That seemed like a good place to start. Like if you're trying to determine whether or not John Michel Trau transitioned and became Jit Macron, you have to be willing to accept some evidence that would point to the fact that you are wrong, that your thesis is wrong, and thus far, everybody's coming up dry. It's just they don't wanna give you any answers. We're getting these manufactured pictures or pictures that can only come through Best image, only come through Mimi Marchand, which are images that should not of course be trusted because Mimi Marchand has an extensive criminal history. She has been accused of many of forgery, many of extortion, and she's in a lot of trouble right now. So anyways, Xavier Broussard decided to contact Veronique Drew, and guess what?


She spoke with him, how strange somebody in the family in the unit speaking to a journalist, and she wanted to speak with him. You know, when he contacted her on WhatsApp, he, she said, yeah, let's set up a time to speak in the future. And essentially what she did was she wanted to dismiss these rumors about her ex-husband of many, many moons ago, John Michel truck. No. And so I'm going to read this portion directly from Xavier Sards book, which is available on Amazon called Becoming Brigitte. And I want you to remember, Xavier Sard is meticulous. He has kept recordings of every single person that he spoke to along this eight year investigation.


So from his book, he writes this in first person. So I was looking to contact Veronique Drew, what was the materiality of her marriage to Jean-Michel Trau? Who was he? How and when had they parted After marrying a Trau, Veronique Drew continued her upward social mobility by marrying a La Simone now listed in the Botin Mondan. That is where I found her number. I contacted on WhatsApp. She agreed to get back to me the next day and did so our conversation lasted half an hour. Even though she repeats the wording, often heard from the Trino entourage example, those women are crazy, referring to Natasha Ray and Amandine Roy.


She first pretends not to know what the call is about, about Jean-Michel becoming brae. Right? Listen, sir, I don't know. It's ridiculous. Anyway, because I have two children with Jean Michel. I saw on YouTube that they made a family tree where they even put that I might be Macron's mother Veronique Drew is of course referring to questions raised by internet users about the uncanny physical resemblance between Emmanuel Macron, the husband of Brae, and Jean Jack Trino, the son of Jean-Michel Trau. She goes on and says, listen sir, I have been divorced from Jean-Michel Trino for many years. Listen, sir, I have remarried and my children are here.


I don't want any problems, but I can tell you that Jean-Michel is not brae. That's ridiculous. I had two chocolate stores in Bovet. Well, I had, I had two children. It didn't work out. So I went back to live with my mom and that's all. But I can tell you that John Michel is not brae. Xavier says, I take her at her word and I ask her for photos of her shared past with John Michel Trau promising that if they are conclusive to close the case, without even publishing those photos, VAR Veronica Drew says to him, JIT told me not to get involved.


I don't want any trouble about my children or about, it's not relevant to the family anymore. Okay, so a couple of things that I want you to remember, just to point out right there about that little correspondence, she tells Xavier that the divorce between her, that after the divorce between her and John Michel Trau, she went to live with her mother, okay? She also stresses emphatically that Brigit is not Jean-Michel Trau, but also that Jit told her not to get involved. That's quite strange, just off the bat, that's strange because you have chil two children with her brother, and you mean to tell me that it wasn't just your ex-husband, Jean-Michel Trau, the person that you raised your children with who said anything to you, but rather his former Hi, his sister, his, your former sister-in-law who told you not to get involved.


Okay, that seems a little strange. I would, I would expect her to say, Jean Michel Chano told me not to get involved with this. You guys are all crazy. Go away. But okay, let's park by the side. You want to live with your mom post-divorce, and for whatever reason, for whatever reason, you're listening to what Jit Macron is telling you to do, rather than you should be ex-husband who you've not mentioned in this conversation, and who she does not mention in the capacity of her having a present relationship with a current relationship with. Okay? So jumping back into Xavier's conversation back into first person, he says this in his book, as I Xavier, argue, that she should hold brae Macron to account because it's because of her silence that her own photo as well as the photo of her children, John Jack in particular, are circulating on social networks.


She cuts me off and inexplicably, inexplicably blurts out. And also I know Macron's father, well, I don't know him very well, but he was a surgeon at the Amon Hospital, but I didn't know Emmanuel Macron. We lived in Ula and I didn't even know him. I saw him at my daughter's wedding the first time I had ever seen him. Then I can hear another person on the line. Veronique drew stops visibly embarrassed as if she's gone too far. She pulls herself together and asks me, well, and what is your name? End of conversation. So we are to garner from this conversation that someone was in the room, okay? She said, I will agree to speak with you.


And then there was someone in the room when she was having this conversation with Xavier Psar that stopped her when she gave a random, but very interesting tidbit that she knew Emmanuel Macron's father, John Michel Macron. But she did not know anything of Emmanuel Macron until he appeared at her daughter Valerie's wedding. And needless to say, she never did provide Xavier Posar with any photos of her ex-husband or their strictly private wedding. Anything that could have immediately just dispelled these rumors, these missing years, so to speak, of his life and Jit Rao's life that would've just put everything to bed. They're never willing to do that, right?


So afterwards, Xavier Posar does what he does best. He's investigated what she had told him. Okay? Was Veronique the George Sand to brae, Macron's Chopan? Were they perhaps living together and did she maybe help brae Briet Macron eventually create an alibi for her past? Or was she telling the truth? Was everybody crazy? And Jean Michel Tru, no was just her ex-husband and he's very well and alive. We just can't speak to anybody right now. Well, I can tell you that Xavier was able to determine that there was a very weird pattern of behavior for Veronique following her divorce from Jean Michel Tru. No, namely that she refused to acknowledge her previous marriage to Jean-Michel Trau, even when it was required of her by laws.


Okay? For example, in a tax document, here it is, that is dated in January of 1992, she listed that she had only previously been married once to a man named Sge Fran Francois. And by the way, that's true. She had first married Sge and then she marries Jean-Michel Trau. But of course she had two marriages and she leaves off Jean-Michel Trau. She says, I've only been married once. That is a lie. Who among us would lie on a tax document? That's a very scary territory, right? She don't want to be caught lying on tax documents. And yet she did this.


She removed one of her marriages, then she did it again in a public real estate collective that she put together to purchase her house in Corsica. I think it would be similar to putting your house in an LLC. In 2008, she reported that she had actually never previously been married in a document that was issued by a notary, okay? She lied in the presence of a notary and again removed her marriage from Jean Michel Trau, who was instructing her to essentially pretend that she had never been married to Jean Michel Trau on document. She just removed him for the rest of her life. It seems everything that Xavier could find, he was also able to determine through documents that she had lied to him over the phone.


When she said that following the divorce, she went to live with her mother, he was able to find records that revealed to him that actually she to live in an apartment in Amon that was owned by Jean-Michel Trudeau's father. So the Truo family put her up in an apartment, and I don't know, I guess it's not totally strange that your father-in-law might do that. But what is strange is that you would lie about that years later when people start asking questions about your ex-husband. Okay? Very strange. It's worth noting also that right around this time of their divorce, okay, so they're officially divorced in 1987. You can assume they separated sometime before that because to finally get your divorce stamped and done and sealed, it usually takes a little longer.


May maybe one year if you're going really quickly. But that's the time that Bridgette Macron, the Bridgette Macron that we know, okay? The public record, JIT Macron, that's when she be, begins her very public and traceable career as a teacher. Okay? She goes and enters in 1986 at the Lucy Berger School. Suddenly changes the career, total career change, and then this is all they wanna show us. Oh look, she was a teacher here and a teacher here and a teacher there. And of course the the future love of her life. Emmanuel was just nine years old. So it was just five more years, five more years.


And then Jit Macron, the one that we know will meet the love of his life. Oh, did I say his love of her life? This is a good time to tell you that most of what you think you even know about Emmanuel Macron thus far his legacy. Yeah, it's just objectively not true. Emmanuel had a major hand up in life. This guy is so private, we don't know much about him. What we do know about him is I would say quite sinister. It's quite sinister. It's making me think. I don't know of that movie, the Urian candidate.


I'll tell you guys about that after a brief break from our


sponsors. I just want to thank PreBorn. They've been our sponsors from the beginning of this podcast. We know they're doing such great work. Planned Parenthood is spending millions to target vulnerable women who are being convinced that they should take the abortion pill because it's a quick and easy solution. But what Planned Parenthood doesn't tell these ladies is that there is a devastation that follows. There's pain, there's regret. There's the reality of having ended a life. That's why PreBorn is stepping in through innovative technology. PreBorn is reaching abortion determined women before they take that pill before it's too late. In fact, to date, PreBorn network of clinics has rescued over 300,000 babies and have seen over 90,000 women come to Christ. But it does not stop there. PreBorn network of clinics are with these moms every step of the way, offering them counseling, maternity supplies, and the support that they need to choose life. But they cannot do it without us, which is why just $28 will help to provide an ultrasound to a woman that is in crisis that is literally it, $28 to help her to see her baby and choose life instead. So if you'd like To donate, you just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace


also reminding you about Gold Co President Trump is back, and that could be obviously great for gold and silver because under Trump's first term, the price of gold soared 53% and the price of silver jumped 51%. Will gold continue to break records in 2025 and beyond? Gold and silver have been used as a store of value for centuries. As you very well know, the government cannot easily manipulate them, and they are known as hedges against market risk and inflation. And that's why I've personally bought gold and silver from my great partners at Goldco. Goldco is a top rated precious metals company. They have supported this show from the beginning, like I said, and they have helped hardworking Americans purchase over $3 billion in gold and silver. They know what they're doing. So right now, you can get a free copy of their 2025 gold and silver kit. On top of that, you could also qualify for up to $15,000 in bonus Silver, possibly even more. So learn more. Head over to Candace likes gold.com. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


Alright, so regarding Emmanuel Macron, we may have accidentally told you some lies. I don't know. We've been telling you what the media has said about him, and the media has definitely been spinning some tales about him painting him at this as this Mozart virtuoso just ahead of his time trying to, I don't know, make everybody acquiesce to this story that is at best, a story of stat statutory rape and could still be prosecuted by the way, until the end of this year, which will be fascinating. But yeah, the press told everybody, he was just, just this amazingly gifted writer who also loved to play show Chopin for Jit on the piano. Oh, okay, cool.


From Xavier's book in 2020, the Myth of the Writer Macron was definitively debunked by a journalist. Like they kept saying that he would write these novels and Jit would talk about his passion for writing in interviews. Well, essentially they realized that nope, that isn't true. None of that is true. And it, they created this idea of him really just because they wanted the public to believe that he was this genius and that he therefore deserved to be suddenly in the midst as a politician. That he had had this background where he was kind of a boy genius. And like I said, that could not be further from the truth.


Truth, the reality is Emmanuel Macron's real story is more of a fake it till you make it. Okay? If that's how, how you would say it, fake it till you make it. As we have stressed before, not much is known about his childhood. Okay? It's weird just 'cause very strange. His mother we now know, was in charge of the gender reassignment program at the Social Security office. His father was a psychiatrist, but according to Veronique, she had no memory of Emmanuel having been around him. His grandmother, Mannette, we know, definitely was involved in his childhood. It's the only one he speaks about affectionately or or even relates to his childhood in his book. We also know that grandma had a knack for pedophile centric books.


It was Grandma's thing Whatcha gonna do? She likes these like pedophile centric books. She's just like, Hey, is that a petar ass? Yeah, that's a really cool thing. Let's talk about Andre Gid. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about all of these weird pastures. Me and my grandchild's, we share this one another. Like I said, we learned that he was a bit of a loner. He didn't have many friends. The friends people that went to school with him didn't even know what his parents did. Well, according to the Wall Street Journal's book, the Calculated Rise of Macron, it was the Roth's Child Family, the Rothschild Bank that had everything to do with his professional resume. And interestingly enough, Xavier Psar had discovered that the bank made an internal error in their documents when they listed Macron, who is supposed to be born in Amon as having instead been born in Paris.


And they made this error on multiple documents. By the way, I'm gonna show you a few of them. And the reality is, of course, this keeps coming up, that we are told in the official biography that he's born in Amon. Then we have the former mayor of Amon who said, no, he is a, what was it like from Tuke area? Now we have the Rothschild reporting that he's born in Paris and we just don't know what's real and what's false. Okay? We really don't know. But we do have this from the Rothschild Bank minutes here. It says, he is born Nayla 21 December, 1977 Ri, and they do this again.


And they just keep making this U oh mistake that he's born in Paris, but it must have been a clerical error. Now, Emmanuel himself has never denied his closeness with the Rothchilds. In fact, he said this in 2012, and I quote, I had a very unintelligible background. No one could understand me outside of Roth's child, okay? And when he became the economic advisor to the socialist president, Francoise Holand, he said that David de Rothschild knows about my commitment. I am his hedge, his cover, when the left is in power, I'll be his protector.


Huh? What we talking about? Whatcha saying? Whatcha saying, Emmanuel Macron, you're gonna be his protector when you get into power. I'm gonna tell you, read you this passage regarding him climbing the ladder at the Rothschild Bank because it apparently his rise made no sense to his colleagues. This is from Xavier's book, quote, within the bank, Emmanuel Macron's progress surprised many. Sarah Har explained that he quote, had been identified as a very singular personality with a lot of contacts. And Sophie Javari, who trained him at Rothchild and co reports that he quote, had very high level contacts for our files with links to the state.


According to her, her most experienced colleagues were surprised by his supports at the top level of the bank. Notably David de Rothschild and his right hand man, Francois Ro, who occasionally allowed him to quote, bypass his immediate hierarchy. This support enabled him to become at the age of 32, the youngest managing partner in the bank's history. Even though according to other employees, he was a poor technician. Quote, Macron doesn't know much about it. Quote, in meetings we giggle and think ardently.


Here's another Macron gem now reporting on other confidences from Rothschild and co-executive journalist, mark End Dewell confirms the bitterness aroused by his accelerated promotion quote at Rothschild, he has reputation of never having written an equation. He didn't even know what EBITDA is. The operating profit of a company, David de Rothschild had to quote, violate them to appoint him to managing partner. Okay? The idea of a managing partner of Rothschild Bank not knowing what EBITDA stands for, like that, I mean it's, I mean I'm I, I'm not a financial institution over here.


Earnings before interest in tax, he didn't know what that was. And so people around Rothschild who watched his rise and were bitter about it and knew that David de Rothschild had a hand in this. Again, you can read about this in the Wall Street Journal's book, you can read about this in Mark end DeWalt's book, the Ambiguous Past of Macron. People don't understand how he was just sort of elevated at this bank. And By the way, that elevation actually took place before he even got to the Rothschild Bank. It also took place in school. So we were told he was Mozart, right? We were told that this kid just had it. He just was so brilliant.


They, you're gonna find this other point to be quite odd. In 2002 when he was 25 years old, Emmanuel Macron was admitted into ENA. That's, that's a school. It's basically the National School of Administration. A hyper elite French graduate program is the best way for me to explain it to English listeners. Okay? Yet he failed entry into this school twice. And then he was magically admitted without having to answer the question that was asked during the oral exam. That's a component of getting into this school, this elite school, which essentially you have to attend to get like a high level job as a financial executive.


They just allowed him to be admitted without doing the oral exam. Like, like that's ever been done before. Okay? Then somehow he ends up at in the top rankings of his class and is able to join the Inspector Generals of Finances and his co students around him, his co colleagues around him knew, clearly knew that he was an idiot and that that meant that the rankings were cooked. So there was public bash backlash amongst the other students within his year. They literally mobilized against the fraudulent results, which then led to the council of the state having to intervene and cancel the school rankings for that year, for the first time in the school's history, okay?


For the first time in the school's history. Could you imagine this like an MBA program? And you're like, this kid's an idiot. I don't even know how he got here. And then they released the recording. He was like, actually, he's the smartest kid in the class. And then they all went, okay, what is going on here? Clearly this is cooked, this is completely cooked. And they get, they get the council involved, the state council involved, and they go, you know what, how about just no results this year? Like what? A quick little point on that, By the way, is that in 2021 when he, Emmanuel Macron was president, he decided to essentially cancel the ENA. He's like, oh we, we actually need more diversity in banking, so we shouldn't even have this, this, this program. This is, this is ridiculous. This is crazy. We just need to have more diversity.


Yeah, okay buddy. I'm sure that's what it is. It sounds like maybe your entire career, you were just being prepared for this moment, this moment of becoming the president of France and you actually, what you are is the only thing we can verify, which is a drama student. You know how to act, you know how to act and pretend that you are the president while there is clearly somebody behind you that has been moving you all through life. Another odd point was that when he was admitted into the Rothschild Bank in 2008, he was supposed to have publicized an order from the minister, which granted him leave from compulsory civil service. For whatever reason, he was exempt from that compulsory procedure.


So he didn't even have to reinstate his civil service when he then left the bank and was magically appointed right to President Holland's team as an economic advisor. Like what? In fact, the deputy chairman of the council for state legal ethics spoke out about this. He remarked that he had never seen anything like it. He had never seen someone given an exemption on this not having to go by certain steps. I'm sure just like the students at the ENA had never seen someone who couldn't even get into the school who clearly was not at the top of the class, magically be awarded and being told like, actually that's the brightest kid in the class.


Actually, here we go. And they were outraged and they should have been outraged. And the people that work with him at Rothschild Banks were similarly outraged. This guy doesn't even know what ibitda is. It sounds like actually he's an idiot. He's an idiot when it comes to finances. And he probably could not wax poetic about anything and he is just performative. It makes me think of the story of that politician when he's talking about Pyrenees Perian. Oh, my grandmother, is she, you know, all that my great grandparents wanted was for her to learn French, you know, and 'cause she only spoke Perian. And he's like, that's not a language, a language.


That's why I say this reminds me of the UR candidate. Now regarding the Rothschild's family, there is so much that I could say here, but I do not want this episode to get hit on YouTube. Suffice it to say, you could look up any of them. The the proven ties to Jeffrey Epstein, the various pedophilic and incest scandals, which are abound and have surrounded this family. You could look up anything but know that any per journalist who begins to write about this in France has to face antisemitism charges, right? You can't, oh gosh, God forbid you actually report on facts pertaining to the Rothschilds family and their empire.


What we'll do instead here is leave you with what Xavier Psar said, because I think he summed it up quite brilliantly regarding the Rothschilds. He wrote notoriously, the Rothschild's longevity and preservation of their fortune are based on an extensive practice of end and alliances between cousins. Essentially interbreeding. At a conference at the Museum of Art history, Natalie Reams, David de Rothschild's cousin went further declaring quote, A very common practice in such families, vice is nice, but incest is best because it stays in the family.


We are simply raised to be silent so that nothing comes out. We are brought up with this weight to make sure and it works that we never speak out. Xavier concludes by saying words that echo what we encountered throughout our investigation of Brigitte. A family cloistered in silence jealous to protect a family secret zealous to protect a family secret that has become a state affair. And I am telling you on that closing chapter regarding the Rothschild's and the scandals abound, including scandals that pertain to David De Roth's child. You will want to put pick up Xavier Sards book Becoming Brigitte.


Because what I have given you thus far is truly the tip of the iceberg. I cannot explain to you how many pedophile scandals I have removed from this podcasting. Again, because I'm going, this is on YouTube, So I have to make this as rated G as I possibly can. It cannot continually be the case that these are all just coincidences, okay? There's just way too many coincidences adding up. You can't play the, all my homies are pedophiles and trans except for me card. I don't know, I just would feel a little bit weird about that, right? If you just had an individual in your life and you're like, I swear everyone around me is involved in this, but it's not me, right?


That's kind of what Emmanuel Macron is trying to sell to us right now. Everyone's involved in all this stuff, but not me. I now look at him having come out of that book and I think he's an idiot. He's just a puppet. And he has been groomed from the time that he was a child, but groomed by who? Who is his father? Who is his father. If, if people, if he doesn't have this relationship with Jean-Michel, and we found out all throughout this affair that he doesn't really seem to have close relations with his parents or these, his doctors perhaps, I don't know. He can ask pointed questions to them, but they don't wanna answer any of these questions because they know that we have figured out the game. And the game is, is that you have to be very precise in how you ask them questions because they can change identities and they can change names.


The family has this capacity. So If you are wondering the answer to why it is that Xavier Psar has never been sued by the Macron family, what is it exactly that saved Xavier Psad, whereas the women, Natasha Wright and Amandine Roy, who did wonderful work, ended up getting sued for little mistakes. The answer is actually kind of funny 'cause it kind of boils down to the differences between men and women. So I would say that men, women First and foremost tend to be more intuitive. We are more intuitive. We go with our guts. I say this all the time to my husband, this person just gives me a bad vibe. I don't trust this person. I tend to go with my gut a lot more. I do believe that we, we have God's intuition, especially when it comes to our children, but men tend to be a bit more technical, right?


Where they will just need to mathematically compute something to be sure about something and they'll question things and maybe not go with their gut all the time or go with their gut at all. And so that is really what happened with Natasha Ray and Xavier Psar. So Xavier Posar used a technology, I mentioned it to you on last, last week's episode or a couple days ago on the episode. But I want to to demonstrate that technology for you because when he said it to me, my, my, my girl brain just sort of went, okay, I am not into ai, I'm not into tech. But then when he explained to me that this, this technology known as Face plus plus is basically the World Economic Forums has, has listed it amongst its 11 smartest companies, okay?


It is headquartered in Beijing, China, as I mentioned to you, it is what China uses as their software for facial recognition. And when he showed me how accurate it is, I was positively shocked. I genuinely shocked, amazed, and then terrified about the direction of the world. When you think about these globalists who I believe wanna turn us into like sort of these technological slaves and recognizing that this artificial intelligence is bang on accurate. And so yes, this, it's valued at $1 billion from the WF website. It tells us that it was founded in 2011 and it is a leader in machinery, visual, artificial intelligence industry and face recognition systems.


So I wanna show you like, just as he was showing me this technology and I was kind of testing it to see if it could get something wrong, just how accurate it could be because we now live in an age of plastic surgery, right? Women can literally change their faces and the fact that this technology is still able to process who that person is, is amazing to me. So here's an example, and this is also featured in his book, but I wanna point out Kim Bassinger there on the right, who has modified her face a lot, okay? It still knows it is looking and it is saying, yeah, no, that's still Kim Baer. And it comes back with a percentage and is telling you essentially you get into the 75% range, you get above 70% and and it is very high.


Like yes, we are certain that that is her and it is her, it is accurately her. I'm also gonna show you that it is able even to take a childhood photo and even though that might make it lower or decrease and you may not get into the 70 range, you may get into the high 60 range. It is still able to tell you that yes, this is the correct person. So you're seeing here Shirley Temple on the bottom there, Hillary Clinton, I mean her, her face really hasn't changed much from the time that she was a child with 78% confidence on the top there. Of course you've got Princess Diana, you've got the queen. It's able to come back and to say to you, despite all of this time and age, that this is the same person.


Which is incredible. Like I said then here, this is the reason by the way, which to me, I would have been, if I had to, to place a bet on a horse, I would've bet on Natasha Ray and her instincts when she first saw that photo of Andre Louis, Andre Lewis at his wedding, and then she found out that he had a cousin who was named John Louis. Okay? So just looking at this photo on the left, there is the wedding photo. Obviously the groom on the right there is his cousin. That's John Louis. So these are, I would've thought the same person. So she looked at this photo and she's like, no, I actually think that the person in the photo is this guy and I think that they're playing us.


And that I, if I had just looked at these photos and trusted my own eyes, I would have totally cosigned to when Natasha Ray said that looks to be the exact same person, but Xavier Psar. So Natasha said that or wrote that, and she got sued for defamation. Xavier Psar instead ran these two photos in his technology and it told him no, it said it's not the same person in face plus plus it came back 52% low. So he said, okay, I must be missing something. This I, I'm gonna rely on technology. It's telling me that these are two different people and they look so much. These first cousins look a lot alike, but the technology picked it up. And of course we then learned as we covered yesterday or two days ago, rather that it, it, it actually was a different person that, that John Louise Ziaire was a, a first cousin.


He was not in fact the same person that was pictured there, which is the reason that she got sued for defamation. Again, not attacking the substance of her claims, not attacking whether or not Brai had transitioned from Jean-Michel Trau rather attacking an error that is going to happen as you're investigating a story and when people are refusing to give you any answers and in many times intentionally sending you down the wrong path, right? So regarding Bridgette Macron who has now changed her face as we learned, we know that she's seeing this doctor, she's getting feminization surgery. This is a good way. And plus she's now in her eighties, right? And we've got only pictures from her childhood only pictures of Jean-Michel Drago from his childhood.


When you compare this with the tech, the tech returns this way, it tells us that this is a high probability and this is with dentured teeth, different teeth, right? It is telling us that this is, this is this boy in this school photo, okay? This is this boy in this school photo. It is returning from a normal to high highest being there at 17.3%. And that's just with the school photo and with years of work, okay? We're not even comparing this to the school photos when she still had the teeth that you see there on the left hand side, right when Brigitte still had teeth.


This is with a ton of work being done by the magician to the transgendered community, right? A guy that can make you a woman looks at you, looks at women like their clay. And it is still certain that that is brae Macron, okay? That that little boy became brae Macron. It is also certain that the woman in the wedding photo, so more aged on brae Truo who married Andre Lewis is not the first lady Brae Macron that we see today. It is returning low probability that these are the same people. What's going on here? What do you mean it's returning low probability?


This maybe gives us the answer to why she will not answer. She will not join a lawsuit and assert formally by just saying, that is me in the photo. Okay? She will not answer my questions as we've had our legal team go out and we have said we don't wanna lie, just like Xavier, we're not here in the business. It's to spread a lies, okay? Doesn't help me, doesn't make my audience wanna come back to my show when I get busted. Intentionally lying, defaming someone for the sheer sport of it. Help me help you brae. Is this you in the wedding photo? She doesn't wanna answer that question. Okay, well, if we turn to AI technology, the reason why she's not answering that question is because it's not her in the photo. Okay? That is somebody else. And that somebody else went by the name Brae Trau.


It's very interesting. Jean-Michel Trau at that wedding, we're not allowed to see any photos of him at that wedding. 'cause apparently all photos have been destroyed other than two lingering photos of the, of Andre, Luis, Andre Lewis. And same for Brane. We are just finding that despite all photos that should be made available, we can't even get our hands on school photos, school photos, we just, they don't wanna give them, they don't wanna give them up. These, they nothing exists. It's just all been deleted. A whole person just got deleted. Okay? And regarding the communion photo, which we instantly looked at and said, it looks nothing like the first Lady, I'm looking at my eyes, it returned this answer.


The text says no again, low. Nope. Mm not happening. Sorry, ain't her. Okay, so what do we discern from that? What we discern from that is that the photos that Mimi Marshawn best image agency, Mimi Marshawn, who's up with the gangsters doing work, making sure that pedophile scandals don't hit the press, disgusting pedophile scandals. She's stopping that from hitting the press. She's, she's the popes of the celebrity Media doesn't print without her say. So the person that documentary filmmakers have to go through to get any images of the First Lady, and then when they get these images, there are a few and far between, but three entered into the public arena of her childhood and all of those photos, one or two from her childhood rather, and one from her marriage, alleged marriage.


Well, Chinese tech software sanctioned by the WEF as the best in the game is telling us that that is not the current first lady of France. What are we to make of that? What are we to make of that? The silence, the punking, the intimidation techniques going after people for taxes, sending the figurative or the French IRS to go after people when they can't get 'em on defamation, going after trying to figure out who's funding people us having had, as we did in the past, our interview with Xavier Posar, taken down from YouTube for weird reasons, demanding censorship, accusing Xavier Sard of antisemitism for an article that he wrote.


Had nothing to do, nothing to do, by the way, with anything pertaining to Brae Macron. But he said the article he wrote five years ago about the power who controls all the media in France, they're G, they're coming after him for anti-Semitism. He didn't even say these people are Jewish. He just wrote the names of the people who have power in the media in France. They're looking for anything as opposed to just what? Showing us photos of your life married to Andre Lewis. Are you gonna tell us that that has similarly also been destroyed or are we to make of this, that the person that is living in the E palace, the person who definitively groomed the president, who actually has not been so honest about his background, who is not the genius virtuoso that has been presented to the public Jit Macron perhaps is Jean-Michel Trau, Jean-Michel Tru No who during a transition, the picture that I'm seeing right now, and I'm happy to correct it again because I know you guys are watching at the LEA palace.


Please just answer our 21 questions because the picture that I'm getting from all of this, and again, we have not even gotten to Xavier PS Sarge explosive interview, is that something happened in the eighties, something happened in the mid seventies and the eighties. Veronique Veronique drew Jean-Michel Trau your reappearance in 1986 as a teacher. The lies that you have told sexy Claudia Schiffer, she didn't exist then. I don't see a woman with legs irresistible that the young boys just couldn't wait. Oh my God, look at that. What are you talking about? Who sanctioned these lies in the press?


Who are you really? And what is your relationship to Emmanuel Macron? What is Emmanuel Macron's relationship to you? What is the relationship between Emmanuel Macron and John Jack? It's not feeling like a nephew to me. I don't know. Something feels off there when I look at that picture. Something feels very wrong there. And of course, it's so simple to answer these questions and yet you refuse to you, you go so far as to try to intimidate an American journalist, And I gotta tell you, it doesn't make you look anything but extremely guilty. That's what I'll say about that topic.


I'm now going to, before I get into a few of your comments, remind you guys about American Financing because I know the average person finds it difficult to keep up with monthly expenses. In most cases, there's little left at the end of the month to cover any extras. Most Americans aren't getting a big raise. Expenses are up, and it is very hard to manage without using credit cards. So if you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today to my friends in American Financing. If you're carrying a credit card balance each month with a rate in the twenties or even the thirties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's Mor mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving every month. So call American Financing today at eight seven nine five twelve ten. Again, that's 8 7 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing net slash Owens. That's American Financing net slash Owens.


All Right, guys, so we are going to premiere the Xavier Psad interview.


I wanted to do one more episode of this because there are things that he was speaking about, but I wanted to make sense to you when he talks about the software that has really saved him from making any errors or or making any assumptions that would have given them the ability to pounce. And so we will premiere the first part of the interview here on YouTube and then we'll put the rest of it on Candace Owens dot com, which is running an amazing thanks to Patmos, which is the great team that put together our website. They are the most trusted alternative to bigot tech hosting, and their service is excellent. The hosting is secure, and I'm now officially free to say anything that I want on the show without the fear of being canceled by my web host. So we're grateful to Patmos, Patmos Tech. If you're one of those individuals who is looking for that freedom as well, you can make the switch and have them host things for you at Patmos Tech, right?


Let's get into some of your comments. I know some of you guys actually brought the, bought the book already, Xavier P'S book becoming Jits, and you've skipped and learned more. And like I said, I didn't, I have not even scratched the surface. And so after we show you our interview, we will then get into even more because you will have questions about who they are now trying to go back and present and suggest could be Jean Michel Trau, those of you who have gotten there about the little chubby guy that they're trying to say is Jean Michel Trau, who curiously didn't stand with his family at the inauguration, but stood with the Rothschilds. We'll get into all of that probably in an episode after the interview with Xavier so that you can put that piece together.


Suffice it to say the AI tech says no. That is not Jean-Michel tro. No, this person de, he writes, Candace, shame on you for sending me down this rabbit hole with you for truth, because now I'm all in. Something is definitely fishy about Mr. First Gentleman, Brae Macron, the gig is up. I agree. Christine writes, thank you Candace for who you are and all that you do. Chris writes, you may remember me from earlier in the year for finding a beautiful bi bible on the ground while walking my dog. I attended my first Catholic mass this morning and wanted to share, thanks for helping me find Christ. God bless you. Such an amazing, amazing story. Jessica Wickers writes, I am loving these investigative series. Your thoroughness is amazing with baby number four on the way. And given your previous hospital experiences, are you planning a home birth or are you working with a midwife?


I am. I would be very happy if I had my baby at home. My husband won't let me plan that. He's like, everything's been smooth. You have very easy pregnancies and we've had good births. I did have one very bad hospital experience and we ended up checking my baby out of there. That was really more over vaccines and medicine rather than like my birth actual experience. And so he doesn't wanna switch up the formula. We're at odds there, but I would love to give birth at home. So I may just go into labor and not tell him until the baby's just about to come out. Sis Holiday writes, point of view. Point of view, me asking everyone in my life, did you know the president of France's wife is a man? Yeah. You know what's really interesting is that now you go back when I first got into the story and I announced it on my previous podcast, and the journalist that instantly rushed to call it insane, those are people that you should be very concerned of.


I call out Barry Weiss all the time because she wrote like a whole article about me. People were trying to use like Sigmund Freud psychology to be like, oh, she must be having a mental breakdown. Could you imagine the trying to assign hysteria to someone who's looking into a story of perversion and pedophilia and grooming? What does that tell you about our mainstream media apparatus? It should tell you that they do not work for the people. They work to protect the state and whoever is running the state. And this is a story, like I said, that is global. I think there are too many similarities between the upbringing of Emmanuel Macron, and as we talked about, the upbringing of Kamala ha, Kamala Harris, the upbringing of Barack Obama.


You know these people being raised by their grandparents at a time when we know that the MK Ultra program was running. And there is something very, very wrong there. Too many comparisons is what I would say. Luke writes, dig, dig and dig. Find out who is hiding behind this person. 47 versus a 14-year-old. Not okay. What is going on with the elites? This is bad. She was, you meant to say 37. Sorry, she was 14. She was 39. Christian 14 writes our sincere salutations to Emmanuel Macron, JIT Macron, Jean-Michel Trug, Lillian de Rothschild, pet Ziaire, and JJ Trino, who are all one way or another with us tonight.


Indeed they are. I'm hearing rumors that he, Emmanuel Macron is ev e even looking at trying to hire people in public relations to deal with the fracturing of his image. And Tiffan is quiet. I've got a lot of questions about her, the only child that seems to really speak out. And it's interesting because we, like I said, don't know what happened to Brai Trino, but we know that whatever did happen to the real Brae, trau Tiffan would've been too young to remember her. So I find that to be of some interest. And that's why we have created a timeline which we should share with you all so that you can just capture kind of the movements here.


The timeline of Brae Trau, a timeline of Jean Michel Trau, sort of like the wiping in the disappearing of them, both the reemergence of Ji's Ziaire later to be Macron is just, it's too perfect of a story when you start to look at it. But anyways, you guys, just reminding you, If you want to support our work, please go to Candace Owens dot com. You can give whatever you want. You can also sign up. We have an entire series on vaccines. You can also support by buying my sophomore book, which is available for presale head to Candace Owens dot com. There's so many ways to support independent journalists and people that are just taking these risks and telling these stories. 'cause I do think that we're experiencing this global awakening and we are realizing that something very dark and something very perverse is going on, and that there are too many powers that are trying to suppress us having that conversation.


And it's going to take all of us kind of supporting one another and educating one another in order for us to realistically be able to change things for our children. And that's my investment in this, by the way. That's my skin in this game, is that I've got kids that have to grow up in this world. And the more of it I learn about things that have happened and things that are happening, it terrifies me. And So I don't keep my mouth shut. How am I doing Emmanuel Macron on shutting up. You did tell me to shut up pretty much in a lot of words in a hundred pages. You said don't say anything. And I did not, not say anything. I failed really bad at not saying anything. I'm, I'm just not good at that. It's not my thing. Anyways, you guys, we will see you tomorrow.