
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile. I don't know If you knew this, but anyone can get the same premium wireless for $15 a month plan that I've been enjoying. It's not just for celebrities. So do like I did and have one of your assistants, assistants switch you to Mint Mobile today. I'm told it's super easy to do at mint mobile.com/switch. Upfront payment of $45 for three month plan, equivalent to $15 per month. Required intro rate first three months only. Then full price plan options available, taxes and fees, extra fee, full terms@mintmobile.com.


Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday to you. Yes, you guys, guess what? Today is Jean-Michel Tru Know's birthday. In other words, happy birthday Brae. Macron, the First Lady, Brae Macron. So excited to get into this, to bring to audiences who exactly is Jean Michel Trau, where he is. We, it's time to start that part of this series. So welcome back to our series Becoming Brigitte. Okay, so some things to recap.


I was so frustrated at the end of the last episode because so many of you had commented, Candace, it's time for you to create a family chart. And we had already created a family chart. I, we just got so busy that I forgot to show it to you obviously on the show. So I completely dropped the ball there. I apologize. Of course, when we are doing these sorts of series like the Kamala series and now as we look at this JIT series, it, there's, there are so many names that does become confusing and it's good to slow it down and be able to visualize who and what exactly it is that we are talking about. So let's kind of go backwards and start there. I am showing you guys now the Emmanuel Macron family chart. Okay? The, these are allegedly saying, allegedly here because I have tons of questions as we get deeper into the story.


But his parents, John Michel Macron, then you have Francoise Nog. Obviously we spoke a lot last week particularly about Jermaine Nog, who he refers to affectionately as Mannette, right? She's the one that shared this love of pedophile centric books with her grandson. She is, as we mentioned to you last week, the only family member that he includes in his childhood stories throughout his autobiography, which is entitled Revolution. So wanted to get over that. Wanted to speak about revolution, understanding that this is, that is actually the Macron chart.


And then of course, like I said, his mother, what we described, yes, on last week's episode or a couple of days ago, the episode was that Dr. Francis Nog, his mother, when she was first introduced to the world, she was introduced as a pediatrician who helped out in some capacity the Social Security office. And then we had this huge bombshell in the last episode where we learned, just kidding my social security work, we forgot to include the fact that she helps transgendered and intersex people secure new identities. I mean that was a major, major, major tidbit. I mean that really, it's explosive and it's important for you to remember that as we go along, because that means that Macron's immediate family was involved in helping people, okay?


Who had gender issues to become someone else. In other words, they were facilitating the issuing of real government IDs which allowed people to legally shed themselves of their former identities and their true biological sex. We have to wake up to, to the fact that that is the reality of the world that we live in today. So what is that? What are the implications of that? Let's just pause there. What are the implications of if I decide, okay, I'm Candace Owens. Nope, I feel like actually I was born a man And so I'm gonna change my name. I'm gonna change my name to Jean-Michel Trino. Okay? And then someone comes out and they say like, you know, Candace Owens is this person, can I then sue them for defamation for saying that I'm Candace Owens if I've legally changed my name to Jean-Michel Chano, that become the basis of a defamation shoot suit.


If you are able to shed your identity, I want you to think about that as we keep going throughout this series. It's very important to remember this, that his mother was dealing with this capacity in the Social Security office. I should also add here that thereafter shockingly in a very rare interview his mother gave to a journalist named Gail Olof. She was writing a biography about the Macron Couple biography was entitled just the Two of Us. And she spoke with his mother and his mother said something very strange. She said, and I quote, it's in this book for me, JIT is not a daughter-in-law. Excuse me.


What does that mean? Jit is married to your son. She's been married to your son for a very long time. She fell in love with your son when your son was 14 years old. What do you mean to me? She is not a daughter-in-law. What is the implication of that? What else could she be, what else could the first lady be to you? So we'll just leave that there. Okay? Now let's take a look at Bridgette Macron's family chart. Okay? We've got some other important things to remember. So you have Bridgette, who allegedly was married for 32 years to this guy Andre Lewis Ziaire. Okay? And they allegedly had three children, Lawrence Ziaire, Sebastian Ziaire, and Teon Ziaire. Now it's important to remember which we touched upon last episode, that the first lady just routinely sort of gets things wrong in her interviews, right?


Like she gets the date wrong from when her sister Mary Vaughn died. She had got the date very wrong from when her alleged niece died. And we're starting to think of this as more of a strategy than anything else. Like it's not just forgetting dates, it's because you're trying to confuse the public. And a big indication of that was Tiffon, okay? Her daughter getting both the date and the manner of her father's burial wrong in Paris Match Magazine, weekly Magazine. How is that possible? Remember we talked about this, we can bring up that chart. Again, very weird mystery regarding this Andre Lewis Ziaire character. We, how weird it was. We cannot emphasize enough, we learned from his first cousin, okay?


He had a first cousin named John Lewis Ziaire and that's where it got really confusing for some people. There was a first cousin and that first cousin then described that essentially he had sued the journalists for misidentifying him in the wedding photo. That first cousin then got upset because the Eliza Palace kind of played him into suing her for defamation, pretending they were gonna join the suit. But then also Brigitte Macron refused to simply say, bring that picture back up. Yeah, that's me, that's me in the wedding photo. She refused to do this and just kind of backed out. And so he wasn't happy with this. He OZ, he was not happy. He felt used by the LEA palace.


He opened up to a journalist and tells us some really strange things about his cousin's burial, about his cousin's funeral, about his cousin's cremation. Mainly the strangest thing being that the LEA palace was involved, okay? They wanted to see to it that this funeral was executed like a thief in the night. They did not want the public to learn about this. And they were, they saw it over the finish line. And yet despite this, je Macron did not attend the funeral of her alleged ex-husband up 32 years. The alleged father of her children. We wanna make sure he is buried, okay? But we are not gonna show up. Neither me or the president are gonna show up.


And then Teon is gonna just make up what a massive mistake in Paris match and say, I buried my father on December 24th and then we learned, no, he was actually cremated on December 28th and it was a year prior. And this is the photo you used because everything, everything was destroyed. Okay? That's, that's crazy. So yes, remember that we learned that information not from a conspiracy theorist. We learned this from the cousin John Luis Ziaire, the cousin of Andre, okay? The one who successfully sued Natasha Ray for defamation because she wrongly assumed that it was him. Okay? What we do know and we confirmed last episode is that this man, and we can show you again his obituary photo 'cause no other photos of him exist from the wedding photo to this.


His whole life has been destroyed. What we can tell you is that he did in fact exist. They lied about where he worked, what bank he worked at. Again, tons of little lies to send people down rabbit holes so they can make a mistake. But what we can't tell you is what exactly happened to him. We cannot ascertain what happened to him based on the testimony of his first cousin because it depends on whether or not you believe his partner, a woman who was at his funeral, who claimed that she found tickets to Africa in his pocket, that he had emptied all of his bank accounts. And If you potentially, or you could say and or If you believe the journalist from Paris Match who then wrote that Andre actually spent the last days of his life in a psychiatric ward being guarded by none other than Alexander banal.


Now we gotta talk about this guy, okay? Because he's important. He's very important because he is come up actually a couple of times. But we should dig into deep why that that particular allegation matters. Because it's interesting that despite the fact that they love to sue people, they love to sue people, they never went after that journalist who claimed that Alexander Bena, the former deputy chief of staff to Emmanuel Macron was guarding for whatever reason guarding a psychiatric ward door of Andre. So we know for a fact that Ilya Palace was involved at the very least in his funeral and this journalist puts that.


So I think we should explore that. So we should talk about Alexander Bela, 'cause that is not a subtle mention from a journalist, okay? We had first mentioned Alexander Bela in the introductory episode when we told you about sort of this, I don dunno how to describe it like a syndicate almost of pedophiles. That's these accidental pedophiles that Emmanuel Macron keeps landing himself around. Okay? We mentioned Olivier Ol. That was the man who was accused by his stepdaughter of having molested her twin brother when he was 13 or 14 years old. She wrote this in a book. And by the way, because the statute of limitations had passed, he was never brought to justice.


But he admitted that it was true that he did in fact sexually abuse his teenage son. Well one of the things that he helped, 'cause he was so close with Emmanuel Macron, with he helped him when he landed himself in hot water. Over what? What has come to be known in France as the banal affair, meaning Alexander Banal, the deputy chief of staff, okay? And now for whatever reason, like I said, we have no idea why this journalist mentioned, but said Alexander Banal was guarding the psychiatric ward. So I'm gonna show you Alexander, be again so that you can get him into your mind. Despite being extremely young, I wanna be clear, he is today only 33 years old.


He's got quite a remarkable professional resume. Okay? When Emmanuel Macron was running for president, Alexander was just 25 years old and he served the candidate as his security officer. He was the head of his security, okay? Once Emmanuel Macron got elected, he then made Alexander Bela, his deputy chief of staff, okay? Huge position. Could you imagine? 25 years old and you're like going into the White House Eze Palace. It was then later discovered that these two had an incredibly close relationship. So close to Emanuel, took him on a ski trip with him and his family, not as the security like as like you are a part of the family on a ski trip.


And even closer than that, Emmanuel Macron allowed Alexander Ola this 25, 20 6-year-old kid essentially to move into the national palace of the French Republic. Okay? He was living at the palace of the Alma. That is shocking. He had residency here. Okay? So what's going on here? Just imagine you're 26, you're living in a palace and I don't know, I'm thinking he must have provided some incredible security to the president. He must have done the president some solids, okay? When you dig into his past, you learn that back when banal was 23 years old, he had been accused and then subsequently acquitted of violence against a woman, okay?


In so far that she said that she was rendered incapacitated to work. But as I said, he was acquitted and then he became the head of Emmanuel Macron security team. Then when Emmanuel Macron was president, a massive scandal broke, which come, came to be known obviously as a ban affair in 2018 when his deputy chief of staff was actually caught on camera dressed as a police officer beating protestors in the street of Paris. I'm not kidding, okay? Lamont, I told you that's like the French, New York Times broke the story. They had footage of him. It was undoubtedly banal, impersonating a police officer and beating a young protestor in the streets.


And then a second video emerged, which was published onto Twitter, which showed banal grabbing a female protestor by the neck and dragging her away. Actually, I'm gonna ask my producer Skylar, were we able to pull that footage? Okay, great. Let's actually show you some of that footage. Just so this is just to make you guys understand this. What you are looking at is a chief of staff, of a president beating up a protestor. He is gonna come on in there in police uniform. That's him. Look at this Just totally normal chief of staff stuff, right?


That's just what everybody's chief of staff is doing all around the world. It would later be discovered that as people began investigating the story more and more, that three police officers provided him with more surveillance footage. Alexander Bela, they were give, were giving him surveillance footage that had not yet been made available to the public, essentially allowing for him to prepare his defense, which signals to us that okay, they've got ties with the police officers. Clearly otherwise he wouldn't have been given the uniform to wear as he pretended to be a police officer that day. Now, president Macron at the time of this attack was in Australia. He seemed incredibly reluctant to let go of his deputy chief or to speak about the matter in any capacity publicly, essentially, which is why I guess he called up his doable friend, what should I do?


What do you mean what should you do? Your chief of staff was just caught beating protestors in the street. Why aren't you just more shocked at that? What do you mean? What do you do? And it seems that Emmanuel Macron might have been so concerned about this that he tried to help Alexander out. Now why am I making that assumption? Again, this is an assumption, not a fact, but it, what is a fact is that Alexander Beal, when he was being interviewed about the scandal, no, none other than Mimi Marchand was in the room to assist him speaking to the press. Mimi Marchand, yes, the Pope, the celebrity popes of the press who could get anything in the press, anything taken outta the press woman that could get the press to cover up pedophilia charges for her friends, okay?


Eventually, as the scandal completely engulfed the EEA palace, they did in fact have to move to dismiss ban on paper. At least. I wanna be clear on paper, he was released. 'cause then another scandal emerged. It would later be discovered that a few months later they realized they did not actually remove his diplomatic passports. And despite being seemingly fired, several months later, he used those diplomatic passports to travel to meet with African leaders, including the president of Chad, a guy named Idriss db. Now for people that are watching this from Africa, you're looking at this guy going, didn't he die a few years later in kind of one of those stereotypical western scenarios where suddenly a group of rebels rises up, give me like a moo mark DFI type situation and the rebels are just so unhappy and they killed a president.


Yeah, that's what happened to that guy in Chad. Yeah, so, but I'm sure it was totally organic and people were really unhappy in the streets and like the west had nothing to do with it. Nonetheless, Alexander Bela was meeting with this guy on diplomatic passports after he had been fired. So it was a second part of the scandal. It then emerged that while he was working for Macron, Alexandra Bala, this 26-year-old palace living king had actually contracted financial ties with two Russian oligarchs who were said to be members of the Russian mafia. Oopsies. Again, I guess everyone around me is accused of being either a criminal, a pedophile. So what the, I'm sure Emmanuel Gro is always just so innocent in this projet, it just keeps happening to them.


They're trying to work with good people, guys. They're really trying to surround themselves with good people. People, I swear it's everyone around them, it's just not them. I think that we should actually take a look here at this extraordinary syndicate that is emerging around them because we've covered a lot of these people. So Michelle Marshawn, obviously the Pope up there on the left, right of the French media, we know she's been involved in in dirt. She's been kicked out, forgery, extortion, you name it. She's been accused of it. A woman that we understand had the capacity, the only person that people had to go through to get photos of the first lady's past, she owns best image, okay? And you're telling me this is the only person that can produce images from Macron's past before she became a a professor or a teacher.


Seems a little suspect. Then below her we have Bernard Arna, richest man in the world because he controls LVMH. We mentioned his son-in-law, Xavier Neil who was the in-between the gowe between Mimi Marshawn and the first couple. But I want you to also know that LVMH owns Paris Match. Okay? So that's where she's putting all of these doctored airbrushed images, I would say airbrushed images of Briet so that everyone thinks she's like young and looking and irresistibly hot. She's working on that. Then we'll jump up to the right corner there. We mentioned Nicholas Guerre. This is the person that's dressing the first lady also under the LVMH empire.


The one who is just putting transgendered people everywhere. He can't, honestly, you should just Google Nicholas Guerre in your, in your spare time because we didn't even scratch the surface in terms of how dedicated he is to the trans cause and bring all these trans models and putting them on the runway and trying to trans, trans trans everything. But I'm sure Brahe Macron is exactly who he says he is and just, I don't know, just wants to dress Brahe Macron for whatever reason. It is what it is. Then of course, as we mentioned, Emmanuel Macron's Mother Francois, no, who we know is concerning her work to trying to get individuals who suffer from identity issues, new identities, and doing this, by the way, this is legal.


This is legal now. Okay? And then we have there on the bottom, who we just discussed was Alexandra Van. So just, just piece all that together, okay? With forgery, extortion, and most importantly, with access to a woman who can facilitate the changing of identities. It is not enough for any person investigating this case to ask questions like, is this brae tru? No. In the wedding photo, you'll notice we didn't ask that question when, when my legal team got involved, we didn't say, is this brat Tru? No, in the wedding photo, we had to instead ask something more specific. Is this the current first lady of France?


Jit Macron pictured here in this wedding photo? Okay? And that's when the couple gets real quiet. They don't want to answer those questions. Do you guys get what I, what I'm getting getting at here? Okay, because we can confirm that that is indeed a photo of a woman named Jit Truo in that wedding photo where that JE is, we cannot confirm because the first lady refuses to answer. She has a mother-in-law who helps transgendered people get new identities. So you have to essentially understand that you can just take somebody's name, you can take, you can become somebody else at a moment's notice now legally when you become transgendered.


Okay, this brings us to Jean Michel Trigano. Okay, we, we obviously have to discuss him. This is Brae Trinos brother. Today is his birthday, happy birthday, John Michel Trino. It's real important that we learn about him, A guy who was so close to his sister, two different people, his sister Brae Trino, that she made him the best man at her wedding. But then he just was completely missing from mention when the first lady Jit Macron came into power seemed to be purposeful to allow this person to fall through the cracks. Despite all of the stuff being written about her family and where she came from, there was no mention of Jean Michel truck.


No, that was the dog that was not barking. We're gonna talk about him. We're gonna allow that dog to bark. But first I'm going to take a quick break here to remind you about some of our amazing sponsors.


First and foremost, today's episode is sponsored by Momentous. When the goal is our health and being able to live better or longer, there are a few non-negotiables. One of them is quality. And when it comes to supplements geared toward high performers, no one does it quite like Momentous. They invest in an NSF certification, meaning every batch is tested for heavy metals, harmful additives, and label claim accuracy. Menis is trusted by all 32 NFL teams and collegiate dieticians all over the country. Menis believes in nailing the basics with bone crushing consistency, then curating a routine based on your individual goals. And by basics they mean protein and creatine. Momentous sources creapure the purest form of creatine monohydrate available and it's an absolute must for peak physical and cognitive performance for both men and women. So try them today by visiting live Momentous dot com and you'll get 20% off If you use code CANDACE, that is live Momentous dot com with promo code.


Candace


also, I tell you guys all the time you're drinking coffee, you might as well be doing good while you're drinking coffee. So I wanna tell you about Seven Weeks Coffee because that is America's pro-life coffee company that's on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. If you're wondering why on earth they are called seven weeks, it is because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. They donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $750,000 for these centers and have saved thousands of lives. Now I can tell you the coffee is fantastic. It's mold-free, pesticide-free, shade grown, low acid, and organically farmed. So it checks all the boxes. And right now when you subscribe a Seven Weeks Coffee, you'll get a free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you. So whether you're traveling, working, adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and letting the to go bag steep for a few minutes. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save 15% forever when you subscribe. And If you use Code CANDACE, you'll get an extra 10% off your first order. So that's a total of 25% off. So visit Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace at checkout today.


Alright, let's, let's speak about John Michelle Drug. No, this has been trending in France. This has been explosive. Everybody knows something's going on here at, but the English speaking world did not understand what was happening. And there are a lot of questions, even in the French speaking world, they don't understand why it is that Xavier Psar has not been sued for defamation. But Natasha Ray has, what is the difference? Xavier Bosar was always very clear with me that his major breakthrough came thanks to the work on Natasha Ray. She came to him and first said like, this is Jean-Michel tro. No, I've been working on this. So where did she fumble the ball and where did he not fumble the ball? And this is where it gets really interesting and it was why it was so important for me to slow that down for you.


That we are talking about two different individuals, Jean Michel Trau and his sister Brae Tru. Now what you should know about Jean Michel Trau was that he was born on February 11th, 1945 and regarding his existence, there can be no question. In fact, it is a stark contrast to trying to look into Brano. Unlike his sister Brae Trino who like her husband, appears to have nearly every trace of her existence magically wiped, destroyed. You cannot get your hands on documents. In fact, Brae Trino person who's claiming to be in the Eliza Palace as Brae Macron, you would think it'd be very easy to get school pictures of her.


You can't get 'em. Xavier Psar has gone through court processes in order to get his hands on a yearbook that should be supplied by law. Okay? She went to sa Sacred Heart sa quo, I hope I'm saying that, okay. In French SA quo. And they're supposed to give you the yearbook so you can look at a picture. Despite this, the school is refusing to do that. Now, why would a school refuse to give you a photo of the first lady of the first lady growing up? Why can't we see pictures of the first lady in yearbooks that are in existence? Why can't we see her in elementary school and middle school and high school? Why? Why is that?


Why is it that every trace of Jit Tru know's existence is impossible to garner? And it was also difficult but not impossible to garner stuff about Jean-Michel Trau. And we were able to piece together a very clear timeline of his existence until he kind of magically falls off of a cliff. So we will walk you through this timeline, okay, Jean Michel, as I told you, born in 1945, we then know that he begins attending a Jesuit Academy. We have multiple photos of him at a Jesuit academy and and I'm gonna show you one of them I believe that we have here. Yep. So If you look there on the far right bottom, you will see that that is Jean-Michel truck.


No. Okay. And like I said, I'm going to save some of the photos that we have because Xavier Psar is going to be our next episode. That interview and what he worked to get his hands on is explosive and I do not want to ruin that for him. Jumping back into our timeline in 1953, his little sister Jit Ragano was born then we know, like I said, he continued to attend that Jesuit Academy. Then we have that famous 1944 family picture, which best image released to the documentary maker who felt like she was, for whatever reason, being questioned by the EZ palace that would be treating her like they, like she was under interrogation, she was able to get her hands on that family picture.


1955 to 1956, if he's back at school again, we will have those class photos available for you in Xavier's interview in our sit down, which will be releasing next in 1960. Jit and John Michel Trudeau's sister Mary von Trau dies in a car accident with her husband Paul Farsi. On February 24th, their daughter Natalie, five months old at the time survives and goes on to marry a guy named Richard. And they have two daughters in 1963. The public is then given a photo of what we are told is the real Jit trigano at communion. We note that this does not look like the current First Lady and the current first lady has thus far to this day declined to answer my question about whether or not, not if it's Jit Trau in the photo, but whether or not it's her in the photo.


Important differentiation in 1963, Jean-Michel Trau lived in Algiers, Algiers, Algeria in February. So he was 18 years old. This is a highly unusual thing as Xavier told me because this was just after the bloody War of Independence, Algeria getting their, their independence from France. And he says at this time, no Frenchmen went to Algeria unless they were communists. But we know that he was there because there was a census available. And we are keen suddenly to get a photo of him around this time because, well now we're not talking about kid photos, which seems to be the only thing Jit Macron wants to release a very small amount, a total of what three photos that were released doesn't wanna release any older photos until suddenly Jit Macron is a professor, right?


Rashe Ziaire says, oh, I'm a professor. We're just kind of like missing these important years of her life, which would allow us to see the face sort of mutate over time, right? This next photo, which I'm not going to show you because it is explosive and it took Xavier Psar years to get, he gets his hands on a photo of Jean Michel Trau, who is enrolled in the E-S-T-B-T-P School, which is a French engineering school. That becomes the last verified photo that we have on record. But I want you to note he's 18 at this time. You take any person and you take a photo of them when they're 18 and it is very hard to say that you were expecting this person to look majorly different, right?


Decades on from that because you are a a young adult, right? Jumping back into this timeline, we then know that the real Brano marries Andre Lewis Ziaire Becoming Brigitte Ziaire. We have a wedding announcement. We have a wedding photo, it actually happened. And that is the photo which Natasha Ray made an unfortunate and totally understandable mistake regarding. And then like I told you, for whatever reason, Jean Michel photographically disappears. He disappears. And then this amazing thing happens in 1977 when people started recognizing that their First Lady, something about this story didn't make sense.


When people began first speaking about their suspicions, that they were looking at a transitioned man for many reasons, they were able to dig up an interview, okay? From 1977, and it's a man who says that he is transitioned and living as a woman named Veronique. Now for my English listeners, this is going to be a bit confusing for you. So I'm gonna describe to you why this was so explosive. Every person that speaks, you can transition your name, you can try to speak in a different tone, but you have ticks, you know, almost things that you say that you don't even recognize, that you say words that you might rely on.


And for First Lady Macron, that tick so to speak, is she says that is to say, right? That is to say, some people might say like, you know, like I was going to like the store and like her tick is that is to say. That is to say. So we have this individual who appears, does not show their face. It's shadowed on this talk show in 1977, says their name is Veronique and says that they have transitioned and the person has the exact same voice as the current first lady of France. And the same tick. And of course at the time that the first lady was doing all these interviews, she never thought the public was gonna dig up this old interview of this transgendered individual on a talk show saying that is to say, that is to say over and over again.


So I'm gonna play a little bit of this interview, of course it is in French, so this will mean nothing to English listeners. But then I'm going to read you the transcript because there's some other important coincidences that happened. Take a listen.


Now, essentially someone in the chat here just said that's her voice. But also someone who said in the chat that this, you could refer to this as a, a voice footprint. That's a perfect way to say it's a voice footprint. There are things that you just can't rinse yourself of. But also, even when you transform your identity, you still have an identity, you still have interests that don't magically go away If you change your name. Okay? This is why I'm gonna tell you what she says in the script. If I am Candace Owens, even if I change my name to Jean-Michel truck, no, it doesn't transform my interest. It doesn't make me, I love Italian food. I'm not gonna suddenly like, not like Italian food because I could become Jean-Michel Trau.


I'm not gonna suddenly not be interested in the Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds case because I changed my name legally to Jean-Michel Trau. And so this interview was explosive when it was released because of things that Veronique said. So I'm gonna pull up the transcript for you in English and read you what this is translating into. So the interviewer asks, he says to the audience, I can only guarantee the au this the authenticity of Veronique's testimony. Veronique, I'd like to know if when you had this operation, which is the one you've had, it was a difficult moment for you. Or was it just the culmination of something that had happened before? Veronique says, I don't think there's any transformation because the psyche is already feminine. And the individual, in this case, me, is already prepared for this kind of mu mutation out of necessity in the sense that we feel like women and we merely normalize the situation.


There's no transfer, there's normalization. Interviewer says, so you are completely a woman. How long ago did you have the operation? Interestingly enough, she doesn't answer that part of the question of when she had an operation. But she goes on and she says, answers, I don't really like the words completely a woman. In other words, we become a kind of woman who can copulate but cannot procreate. Hence the legal problems we'll be talking about later. In other words, integration goes smoothly on an individual level. They only exist on a social level. Okay? So already she's starting to speak about this trouble that we know that Emmanuel Macron's mother is going to concern herself with, which is like, okay, there are these legal problems with who we identify with and who we, we we know we're women, okay?


But we have these legal hoops and barriers. And this is why I'm, I'm breaking in telling my story because we have to change this. We have to be able to change this. The interviewer says, you have a job that we're not going to reveal here. Let's just say it's a job that's about the public. There are unique response. That's right. I'm a craftsman. I have regular contact with the public. I'm in close contact with customers. I don't have any problems. I used to because I had a phenotypic gender, meaning an ambiguous appearance. They took me for what? I wasn't a homosexual, which wasn't the case either in my behavior or in my way of thinking. But unfortunately this image resulted in non integrion.


This is partially cut off here for me, but it says non integration. And actually, and actually I normalized a situation for my integration. And I live very legally and honorably for civil status purposes. It is possible to change your first name to an ambiguous one. This is very important because it enables integration or pseudo integrion into society in the sense that there are always problems, but they can be solved administratively by mutual agreement. But legally, there's no solution unlike all foreign legislation except the Belgian leg legislation, which is modeled on ours.


The interviewer then asked, do you feel that you are now completely yourself and you don't have any problems identifying yourself since your operation? Veronique says, to tell the truth, I only had identification problems towards others, not with myself. I saw myself as what I was a woman with a body that didn't belong to her. It's very difficult to conceive for someone who's comfortable in one's own skin. I use the term comfortable in one's own skin because it's the typical image because I didn't have any problems, but people created problems. Now, I don't have any problems to tell the truth. This operation that is the removal of this useless organ in our case because it is both unusable and unused. And the interviewer asks her, do you live alone?


Veronique says, I'm not with anyone, but I've lived with a woman and conceived this union in the style of George Sand. And Chopin, Chopin was probably a transsexual. His style of melody, the way he plays makes this quite clear. I think the image that has been given of the Mbba Lan Union is a distorted caricatured image that doesn't correspond at all. This is very important, okay? She has this speech tick. It's exactly like Jit Macron's. If you spoke French, she would understand that. But she also mentioned musical composer, Frederick Chopin plus mentions gay poets, Paul Verla and Arthur Reba.


Now why is that significant? Okay, well these poets, they were in a homosexual affair, you know, but violent, a very violent relationship. So she's clearly coming across as someone who is tremendously educated. This is not some random person, right? This is somebody who has been educated in the classics, who is on this show for the purpose of trying to move along legislation to be able to make it easier for people who are trans to secure identities. That is the purpose of this appearance. And as I said, the purpose of using someone who has sort of this ability to communicate and speak about the high arts is to make people, perhaps the audiences more sympathetic with the cause, right? She's saying I was always a woman. Which is funny because as I read that, I also, what's ringing in my head is that sentence that Brixit and Emanuel wrote to me in the first legal letter.


They said, she does not owe you any proof that she has and always will be a woman. Like very strange, very strange thing to write. Like almost like I believe it and therefore it is. And of course you do owe me proof. You're gonna say that you're gonna sue me in a Tennessee court. You absolutely will be owing me proof If you're gonna say that I defamed you. And I go. Going back to the mention these, these classical mentions regarding Chopin, the first couple when they were creating their legend in the public, claimed that they had moved a piano into the EA palace because Emmanuel Macron, remember the virtuoso, loved to play Chopin for Brigitte and for brae and for brae only.


So this is something this matters to the couple, okay? Regarding the homosexual poets that she mentioned, Paul Verla and Reba Emmanuel Macron, while acting as president considered admitting them both into the pantheon, the the which is it's where they bury all of these French heroes, okay? And this sparked a massive debate. Like should these people, first off, one of the lovers shot, the other one had to serve time in prison. Would this be a good thing to move them? He was gonna honor them as this, like homosexual put these homosexual poets and greats by burying them in this significant structure.


But what ended up happening was Reba's family firmly rejected that honor because they did not want his legacy to be reduced to a gay icon. So that's just incredibly fascinating, right? It's incredibly fascinating that you have this person, Veronique, and she's saying and mentioning all the people that we know have this significance in their relationship between Emmanuel Macron and Projet. And she has, after somebody used an AI voice analysis, they said that this was 100% the same person. And you know, I don't know much about these softwares, but for somebody to come out and to declare this is 100% the same person. And the only difference is that the, the voice has aged to have the same ticks.


It's a lot of coincidences. It was, it was major when this happened and when this was revealed. And then there are some more interesting things to remember here. Okay? When you jump back into the timeline. So Veronique appears, we don't know what, what this person's name is in life. They're using this name for this interview. Veronique no last name. We don't know anything else. But don't forget that this person also said that he's not in a real relationship, but he lives with a woman. Okay? Veronique says he lives with a woman. Well, when we jump back into our Jean-Michel Tru, no timeline, we find that at this time Jean Michel Trau following this interview marries a woman.


And ironically, her name is Veronique. So could it be possible that Jean Michel took on the name of a dear friend named Veronique, who he was living with, and who he then moved to Mary? We don't know because of course there are no pictures of this wedding. There's nothing, there's nothing there. John Michel Trau on paper gets married to a woman named Veronique Drew. Okay? And then they have a child. They have a child in 1982 named John Jack, that's the John Jack that looks tremendously like Emmanuel Macron. And then shortly thereafter in 1987, John Michel divorces Veronique Drew, ladies and gentlemen, what is going on?


Serious? Like, just like what is going on in this story? What is happening? How do we have these actors who are unable to produce images from these very relevant things that happened in their lives? You know, where is John Bhel drag? Now you got married to a woman, are there no pictures from your wedding day? No, you just disa and you decided to just fall off a cliff and stop being photographed at the same moment that Jit Macron, the professor, the teacher was born suddenly. Like, no more photographs for you. What, what is going on here? Why have, why do we have a situation in which schools which are legally required to release photos?


I believe the, the law in France is after 50 years, any person can get any photo of somebody that is in school, right? You can release the airport photos. Why are they refusing to release photos of who was supposed to be the first lady in elementary school and in middle school and in college? Why? Why can't we get these photos? Why are people having to go through court and be gast to get these photos? If it's really you Jit Macron and you didn't take on the identity of your sister, if it's really you, why are you struggling to answer basic questions? Forget the conspiracies. Why are you refusing to answer basic questions while trying to push people to sue for defamation, waiting for people to make mistakes?


Why not just clarify? Are you the same person pictured in this wedding photo? Are you brixit Tru? No. How much more basic of a question could I have asked you? Whether then did you jits Macron give physical birth to three children? Okay? Do not allow people the media to gaslight you into thinking that you are asking of something that is just such an invasion of privacy. It is completely nutty. Okay? It, we are beyond lunacy when we are talking about such basic questions that could have put this all to bed a long time ago. And we are like eight years in to them.


Instead, preferring to legally try to punk people, to scare people, to intimidate people sending out thugs potentially. Okay. And when we look at that nebula, when we look at the surrounding and the supporting cast of Emmanuel Macron and Burjeet Macron, do you feel comfortable with what's going on here? Is it every day that you need to have someone who forges documents around you? Allegedly Mimi Marchand, she's still facing trial right now. Someone who's been involved extensively in extortion, who's facing trial right now for extortion. Is it normal to just keep having these sort of gang type members around you? People that can control images, that can edit images and put it in the press?


Like are are, are we going to accept as the pub, as the public that this is completely normal, that they just keep landing into these pedophile scandals? Or are we going to recognize that something very sinister is going on that Emmanuel Macron and Burjeet Macron are not presenting themselves as who they say they are, as what they say they are. I believe they were groomed for this position. I believe especially Emmanuel Macron without question was groomed by Brae. There's no question about that. The only question that remains is who the hell is brae Macron? And the obvious answer to me, and after you see these photos, that you are going to see one in particular from when John Michel Trau was 18, you're gonna fall down like Guy did when I saw it.


It's just, it's completely crazy. It's completely crazy. And thankfully for the work of Xavier Psar, the one thing that helped him not make mistakes was that he was using an AI program, which the World Economic Forum has rated the number one facial detection software, which allowed, it allowed him to avoid making mistakes. It's the same program that is used by China, right? Obviously, you know, they have in China the social credit system and everyone's face, they have to be able to tell apart, right? Very similar faces. They have to be able to tell apart. And this was ranked as the number one software to be able to do that.


And so when he thought something, he ran the software, like with the wedding photo, he ran the software and he said, I know this guy looks like this guy, but the percentage on this software is saying that the cousin and the man are two different people. So he didn't run with that theory, he didn't go just based off of his gut instinct. He also was being aided by a software which was giving him answers before he even really knew what the answers were. We'll have more on that when I sit down with him. But do know that the software he is using has the blessing of the world's economic forum. And I think we've all figured out that that forum is pretty evil and they want us all to be able to be identified. And the software I had tested out myself to believe in it, it's incredible.


I mean, you can take a woman when she's six years old, she could have had 20 surgeries in her face to transform her face and it will still go, that's her 80% chance. I've never seen anything like it. It kind of terrifies me about our future. It terrifies me about AI in general, but for the purposes of his investigation, it really allowed him to sort things. And he, there's no question upon seeing this technology in my mind that John Michel Trau is Jit Macron. The only question that I have is what happened to his sister Jit Trau? And you'll get to that as well. Like I said, I didn't wanna give us too many spoilers ahead of the interview and I sit down with him, but there's just more.


There is, there's so much more for us to unpack the Rothchild connection, the jobs that he got that he didn't deserve, Emmanuel Macron. And like I said, we will get to all of those things.


Before I get into some of your questions, I wanna remind you guys about American Financing. 'cause I know a lot of Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more every month. It is time to take control of your debt. If you're a homeowner and you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends and American Financing Today, American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customers $800 a month by doing this. Saving that kind of money every month should make the decision very easy. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you could be saving. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Alright, you guys, by the way, I'm gonna try to find a place to put up all of those charts. I mean, you can obviously screenshot it, we're all like internet savvy and then you can begin working that way through the timeline and things of that nature. But I do hope that I can also create a space like a, almost like a Reddit forum on Candace Owens dot com, reminding you guys that we also have the book club. We'll be doing that in 10 minutes. So I'm gonna jump off of this and then I will be on Candace Owens dot com. For those of you that signed up for the book club, you know, our first book, which is relevant to the Emmanuel Macron story in many ways, is Chaos Unpacking the Charles Manson murders, the CIA and the Secret history of the sixties, very relevant to understand a lot of these programs, which we spoke about, sort of these covert operations that were going on behind the scenes.


So I'm gonna just do five minutes here of questions before we have to jump off here. Let's see what we've got. Whoev whatev writes, love and respect from this South Georgia mama to you. Thank you so much. Dechen writes, Candace, I never was a fan of yours until the USS Liberty episode. Thank you for bringing that story to life because the history books don't, I'm now a huge fan of yours. You speak truth. Thank you. Thank you so much. I appreciate that. And yeah, it's been a journey, but we just have to unpack this evil. And we have to also just have the courage ourselves to recognize that this kind of evil exists. Like we gotta kind of pop the bubble, you know, step out of the fairytale and realize that there are some makers of the world without question. And we need to definitively be able to look at someone like Emmanuel Macron and demand answers because he's, he in my view is just he's not in control.


You know, he's never been in control of his entire life. He's a weak, spineless, little coward. Mickey writes, may God protect and bless you. Thank you for sharing your faith in Jesus Christ, our Lord and Savior, and the truth of the wicked ways of the abuse to children without question. That is kind of the scariest part of this story is, is so many powerful people involved in so many of these scandals. Lastly, Alaska Dog writes, awe. John Michel shares a birthday with Alex Jones also today, whom I'm guessing is enjoying your coverage on the Macron's. Without a doubt, he is. All Right guys, we have gotta jump off, as I said, because we have the book club. If you have not signed up for the book club, you absolutely should head a Candace Owens dot com. And while you're there, why don't you pick up my new book, make him a Sandwich. We will see you guys picking up the Boet Macron series with the explosive interview with Xavier Sard.


All Right guys, we'll see you then.