
Well, we are trending in France. I can tell you that remarkably, we are not getting any fair coverage from their mainstream media apparatus. Check out all these headlines, man. They are rolling in. They do seem to be a bit panicked. We can also cut over here for the English speakers, so you can see these headlines in English. I personally like the one from Mone, the best It reads, what does conspiracy theorist Candace Owens Absurd and Transphobic investigation on Brigitte Macron, which is a hit on YouTube contain. I like that they admit that it's a hit on YouTube. And also just a question back to them, how can I be transphobic if Brigitte Macron is not trans?


Weird? Also, this other publication that's mentioned here, Marianne, right at the bottom, they may have jumped the gun a bit because it says they're at the bottom. Quote, all the contemporary theories are covered. Pedophilia, satanic, delusions, or even false identity. I haven't any yet made any claims about a false identity. Weird. What do they know that we don't know? I mean, it just seems like the press might know something that the public doesn't know. So we should probably find out what that might be. Welcome back to our series Becoming Jit.


All Right, guys, I have a fun one for you. Today we're taking a break from the very dark world of brigit. We, we did not even cover all of the pedophile stories, but we're just gonna take a, a brief break from that. One of the biggest mainstream media lies, okay, is that the rumors surrounding brigit were developed by far right conspiracy theorists. They keep throwing that word out. It's a conspiracy. It's a conspiracy as though somebody put together a thread on Reddit or on the dark web, and that's the reason why people just started believing everything that is not true. It could not be further from the truth. So I'm going to recap for you what actually went down in France. It's important to know this. The press, as we mentioned yesterday, intentionally spun a tail of an irresistibly, hot and bold, Brigitte Macron, who was constantly pushing back against the conformity of her stale Catholic upbringing all throughout her life.


Okay? I'm actually gonna read you verbatim some of the published lines from that time because it is funny. It's actually funny to read how much the mainstream media just lies to us all the time. Okay? Quote, around the age of 14 or 15, JIT gets bolder. She swaps her navy blue uniform from the austere Sacred Heart School in Amon, pleated skirt, sweater and tights, or small shorts, and a minikit for a while. She can forget about her schooling constrained by Catholic discipline. Here's another one. She loves to dance at the surprise parties at the time, she wears tight miniskirts and between two glasses of whiskey and coke and wild rock and roll songs, she daress to flirt behind the curtains.


Just, just imagine what is, what is coming into your mind as I read these publications about her growing up. Okay, here's another one. Describing briet as a quote in Ate party girl in an ultra small kilt who was into rock dancing to the music of John Lee Hooker until Dawn, A rather hectic adolescence, the opposite of the Quiet Emmanuel, another writer wrote, quote, the youngest of the Trino family has always struck a chord with the public, with her contagious, good humor, her taste for partying and her often funny down to earth way of speaking. Again, of course, the goal of all of that was to soften her for having seduced a 14-year-old Emmanuel Macron, right?


Rather, we're supposed to imagine in our minds that Macron had simply hit the jackpot, right? He fulfilled the fantasy of every boy his age because he got to sleep with that hot teacher, okay? And they reinforced this narrative by inserting sometimes anonymous quotes from former colleagues of brae and alleged classmates of Emmanuel. Again, what I'm about to read to you are real quotes that were published in the mainstream, the mainstream press about JI'S teaching days. Okay, quote, JI'S class. Can't believe that the French teacher is celebrating her 40th birthday today. She looks so young in her short skirts and casual manner to capture the attention of the most dissipated.


The teacher has another less academic asset. Her legs showcased in tiny skirts. Brigitte didn't wait to become the first lady to take great care of her appearance. Quote, she was a pleasure to look at, not just listen to always with perfect hairdressing, with makeup and perfumed. One student recalls the boys are seduced the girls take her as a role model. All the high school students were in love with her says Frederic Emmanuel's class. And from her very vocal daughter, Tiffon, the only child that seems to really defend Brigitte Macron, she included this quote When I was a child, I was even jealous of all the students who wrote to her or called her at home.


Then there is another teacher who spoke and went a little bit further. They said, quote brat, arrived at la probably don'ts wearing mini tallier. That's like a a, a mini skirt and with a, with a jacket, right? A sports coat. Beautiful. A pinup, one student dresses. We were all in love with her. Well, you guys, the mainstream media says it's true. I guess it's case close. We might as well stop this investigation. What do you want Hottie Hottie with a body? Man, I sure hope I look like whatever that was at the age of 40 people drooling over themselves. But it didn't stop there. The case wasn't really closed because in 2018, okay, what happens next is a woman named Mayel Lab Bruin, she was then the head of the celebrities department at the magazine, closer published the quote unquote unofficial biography.


Pardon? Official biography of Brigitte Macron, which was entitled Jit Macron la French, okay? Which means in English, the Freed Woman. Look at that cover. Wow, she's free. Amazing. Look at that face. She's happy, she's glowing. And it was essentially really a book that was just a regurgitation, or rather a compilation of everything that I just said to you, everything that had already been published. And I'll tell you why. This was immediately considered a departure from previous authorized biographies of a First Lady or President. And that's because there was absolutely no pictures provided of Brae Macron as a child, and there were no pictures provided of her as a young mother. In fact, the earliest picture, okay, in this auto authorized biography was from 1993 when Bridgette was already teaching by that time at the Providence School.


So here it is. This is the earliest photo that they included. Wait a second, okay, so the caption beneath that photo read, Brigitte Ziaire is 40, she's married, she's the mother of three. She's quite appreciated at the high school where she teaches, she's about to make the encounter that will cause an upheaval because an upheaval of her life. Okay? So they just went ahead and decided to erase the first 40 years in this official biography. And six months later, in June of 2018, a woman by the name of Virginie, lean Harts, who normally focused on creating documentaries about World War II and the Holocaust, essentially turned the book a biography of Brigit into a documentary which was entitled Brigitte Macron U Un Roman F, which is just means a French novel.


And that was released on the France three channel. Now, I should mention to you that this is a government owned channel, okay? It was created in 1969 by the office of the President. This is like P-B-S-B-B-C, okay? We are not in conspiracy land. This is a reputable woman, Virginia Leonhardt, who makes documentaries. And of course, documentaries are supposed to include a ton of photos. Think about whatever you were watching when you were coming up for me, maybe Britney Spears, Christina Aguilera documentaries just filled with photos. When you are watching this and you're seeing their siblings and you're seeing them at Disney World and you're seeing them, you know, doing whatever was normal for the time that they were growing up, a Michael Jackson documentary, right?


Tons of photos and siblings. And by the way, I wanna be clear, Virginia Linhart did have tons of photos, just, you know, almost all of them. Again, from Brigitte's teaching days beginning in 1986 in Strassburg and ending in Paris in 2015. So I'm gonna show you the photos that were in this documentary. First, just showing you this collage actually, of all of the photos. There you have it. And Mark, I don Dunno, If you need to take me outta that so they can see the full thing. Wait, okay, what's going on here? Because I was reliably informed that Bridgette Ziaire was a hot, sexy, pinup girl with irresistible legs.


Who wore miniskirts? The kind of woman that the, the boys just couldn't look away from. What is I don know guy fellas, should I check the chat here? Are you guys, guys, is it, is it getting nasty in the chat because I'm not seeing it. I am just not seeing that teacher. Also, where are the miniskirts? Actually, she seems strangely to be wearing a scarf in a lot of these authorized photos. Why was she always covering her neck? That's kind of weird. Here, I'll give you guys some closeups of that. Maybe. Maybe you guys are not thinking she's hot. There it is, guys. Fellas, honestly, the guy to the left of her is, is better looking in my opinion. I don't know what's happening here.


More photos. Maybe. Maybe this one guys, guys are making some not nice faces here in the chat. Okay, we'll keep going. Maybe there's, there's gonna be some sexy pinup growers. The next one. Ah, there it is. Nope, there it is not. Skylar, are you only pick? These are the ones in the documentary. Maybe my producer made a mistake. Wait, what? Okay, I don't know guy. I don't know where the pinup girl is. I'm sorry guys. I, I just, I feel like I've let you down anyways. Virginia Lynn Hart, the documentary maker, like I said, is well respected. So surely she must have tried to get many more photos before ji's teaching years. If she's not a fraud, then that would've been the first thing she would've tried to do.


Interestingly enough, she spoke out regarding just how difficult it was for her to make the documentary. She said, and I quote, it's difficult to investigate Brigitte Macron much more than I imagined on the substance, on the form, on everything. As soon as I started making contacts, I was summoned by Pierre Olivier, Costa ji's, chief of staff, and Tristan Brome, ji's other chief of staff. It was almost like a police interrogation. What do I want to show? Who will I be interviewing? I made a list of people that I wanted to meet, but I could not apply that list. The interviewees, apart from her former students, all had the authorization of the Elise Palace and were very careful about what they said.


There was a thick wall of silence. The level of control and checking is well quite astounding. My documentary is a 90 minute, very personal portrait for it. I needed photographs of young Brigitte Macron small children that would show an itinerary, not those approved by best image agency. What won't be released is anything to do with her former life. It's a total blackout end quote. Oh, best image agency. Now, did we just go over that yesterday? That's Mimi's agency that was authorizing the photos that were allowed to go out. So apparently Mimi's agency authorized the photos that could go out for this documentary as well.


Now, Virginia Linhart did, however, receive two photos from Brie's alleged childhood. One the public was told was from Jit, then Trino would've been her last name, her first communion. I'm gonna show you that photo. Here it is. And another photo. Now, infamous photo of the entire Trino family allegedly taken about a year after Brie's birth. Okay? That is the full Trino family photo, which we'll come back to. So now really all that was missing from that photo of her communion until the school photos, which appeared in 1986 was 23 years of Rashi's life, the most crucial years of her life.


You know, like I don't know her being a teenager, her getting married at 21, her allegedly having three babies, her getting married to a banker named Andre Louise Ziaire, who was her husband of 32 years. Like I don't know. Did you, do you, do people not take photos of them and their husbands in France? I don't know. Virginia Linhart actually referred to Andre Louise Ziaire Rae's alleged husband of 32 years as the French Republic's Best kept secret. And certainly you guys, it appeared that way because at the time of the documentary was released, there was only one photo that was available of her ex-husband that had even made its way onto Wikipedia as her ex-husband.


There it is, Andre Louise Osier. And you can see it has his date of birth and it has his date of death, and it has the dates that they were married from 1974 to 2006. All that is correct, except for the photo itself. Yeah, could you pull that up again? That photo it turned out was not actually Andre Louise Osier because a former student who had gone on to become a politician, his name is Francois Ruffin, also went to Providence School and he came out and said, that's not Andre Louise Ziaire, that's Mr. Hugo, a teacher at the school. Oopsies, eh, whatever. But I gotta tell you that Oopsie did make the public think What? What's going on here, man? This is kind of getting weird, A little weird, okay?


And I have to tell you guys, there was some immediate feedback from the public, some early musings, If you will, about the two photos. Two, which had been released from Brie's alleged childhood. Foremost, the communion photo caused a bit of a stir because many felt that it was a dead ringer. That photo not of First Lady, Brigitte Macron, who was side by side here, JIT Ziaire and her alleged communion photo didn't feel like that was strong, but they did feel that it was a dead ringer for her very chatty daughter toon. They thought that that looks like Taan, okay? And like I said, she was the only daughter, the only si child of Bridget that was willing to participate in the documentary.


She was willing to speak to Virginia for like an hour. And like I said, it doesn't help that best image, the photo agency had supplied the image. People were wondering, and I won't include myself in this, was it perhaps edited? No. Mimi, as we learn later on, has been accused of a lot of forgery and stuff and all sorts of crimes. Man, you gotta look into Mimi Marshawn. So it's not like totally crazy to wonder if maybe she's being used because she does play around a bit and she's willing to do crimes, you know? So yeah, it was, it was, in fact, my musings about that was one of the areas of nitpick, one of the areas that the Macrons had included when they initially sent me the first strongly worded letter, because I had claimed on a show dating back to March of last year that the photo was re colorized.


I looked at it and I said, that photo looks too new. It looks like it's, it's re colorized now having, and I was just getting into this bizarre story. And So I was just investigating, asking questions, reading other people's investigations. Now I'm a lot deeper on the facts and I now know for a fact that that photo was not recolored. Okay? Similarly, at the beginning when I was trying to understand this case, I, I had asked Xavier Psar about the theory, which a lot of people were wondering, which was, did the real brae truck know die when she was a child and did perhaps brae macro take her identity again, that was a theory that was floating around the internet.


And I now know for a fact that no, she did not die when she was a child. So let's go back actually and take a look at their first carefully worded legal letter to me. This is their repeat strategy. I'm gonna keep reminding you of this. The way that they sue people, the way that they go after people in court is they ignore the substance of the claims substance being was current. First Lady, Brigitte Macron born a biological male. It's a simple yes or no question. And instead of attacking that, they wait for people to make a mistake as they try to garner the answer. And of course, mistakes will be made. Of course you could say this photo is recolored and they go, boop, go after her.


Go after her as she suspects to saying that Bridget truck no dies a child go after her. So this is the the legal letter. We'll show you that your discredited, your discrediting of these photos is not only without merit, but also internally inconsistent. In your episodes on March 11th and March 13th and June 17th, you claim that the first communion photo is an altered image of to phone ozi. However, in your August 30 podcast, you agreed with Sard that the photo depicts the real Projet truck. No, before she passed away at a young age, another falsehood. Now I wanna be very clear. Xavier Sard has never said that Projet truck no passed away at a young age.


But I may have asked him the question and was speculating about whether or not she passed away, which they claim is another falsehood. Then they say both hypotheses could not be further from the truth. Moreover, you alleged that the first communion photo had been debunked repeatedly and that the pressed now states its attribution to Mrs. Macron was a mistake. But you have not cited any outlets or articles retracting the photo. Surely you would provide this devastating proof If you had it, but you do not. Okay? Doing a little dance there. Why do they not just simply state who the person in the commune photo is? Why not just state, say plainly, If you're gonna write a legal letter, Candace, the person in this community photo is not Tfo Ziaire, and the photo is not re colorized.


And it's in fact First Lady Brigitte Macron. They don't do that. They never do that. Why not also simply state what the truth is, rather than saying that the hypotheses are far from the truth. So of course now we're like a year on, I'm now armed with a much fuller picture of what happened, what? What the truth might really be. And so my legal team, as you remember, included a very straightforward yes or no question back to them, back to the couple in good faith regarding the girl in the communion photo. We wrote this. Number four is the little girl pictured in the communion photograph, allegedly from 1963, the Brigitte Macron that is currently married to President Macron.


You guys know what happens next? No response. No response. They're angry. You said I was recalled. You said Brae truck no had died when she was a child. Sation sation. But we can't tell you what the truth is. They knew by then in terms of how specific my questions were getting, they knew that I was onto them, that I had worked through the investigation, that I had arrived at more correct conclusions, that I was doing less musing. Okay? Not for a single second did we believe that they were going to answer our questions, and they have not yet. They just send us more letters and more ridiculous things where they don't assert what the truth actually is. Now, regarding the second photo of Bridget's alleged childhood, which the documentary presented, let's take a look at it so you can understand what was so explosive about it.


This full Family, Trino family, Trino photo of them in Amants. Okay, observations again, were immediately made by the public. People are allowed to think, they are allowed to have thoughts, they are allowed to ask questions. Okay? First and foremost, people thought they were being told that JE is this little girl in the lap of her mother sitting here in the front, but the public. Just quickly taking a glance here thought, wait a second. Bridgette looks more like that little boy on the far left. And wait a second, who is that little boy on the far left? He's completely unaccounted for thus far.


Okay. Leading up to this moment, despite so much press, a surrounding Bridget's, her life, her married life, her being a teacher, despite entire genealogical websites that were dedicated to her family, there was no mention on these genealogical websites or in the press of the boy on the far left. Okay, so that became a dog that wasn't barking. Okay? For clarity, there had been only one brother that was publicly accounted for JI'S older brother. We'll show you a picture again. He is the one standing in the back. That is Jean Claude and the Interested Public. Were now being introduced suddenly to a second mysterious brother and they would find out that his name was Jean Michel Tru.


No. I'm gonna take a brief pause here before I bring in Emmanuel Macron's. Strange story.


First, just to throw it to one of our amazing sponsors Pre-Born, because If you wanna hear some great news, the abortion pill reversal treatment, which provides women with a second opportunity to choose is bringing babies back to life. When you join forces with PreBorn Ministries, you empower women to reverse the curse. What you might not be aware of is that even though Roe was overturned and abortion has been greatly restricted in many states, the abortion pill has superseded surgical abortions accounting. Now for over 60% of all abortions, PreBorn network of clinics are on standby for women in their darkest hour. They meet with them with God's love and free services to help them choose life. Through ultrasounds and the abortion pill reversal Protocol, PreBorn has rescued over 300,000 lives. So start this new year right by supporting life and by donating to PreBorn. Today, one ultrasound is just $28 and $140 will help rescue five babies donate. You just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely by visiting PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, we should talk about Field of Greens because the Dems spent years forcing mandates and dictating how we manage our health. Now they're pushing back when we try to take control of it ourselves, and that's why you need to reclaim your own health with Field of Greens. We all know eating healthy is the key to staying healthy, but life gets busy and seeking to a perfect diet isn't always realistic, but Field of Greens makes it easy. The whole fruits and vegetables, that is it. And we could all use more of that in our diets. Just one drink and you have a healthy headstart on the day. My team loves taking field of greens and have gone on and on about having more energy, better gut health, and overall feeling healthier. Every fruit and vegetable and field of greens is doctor selected for the specific health benefits and field of greens promises. At your next checkup that your doctor will notice your improved health or you will get your money back. Right now, my viewers will get 20% off. To get started, you go to field of greens.com and you use my code Candace, that's field of greens.com code Candace.


All Right, guys, we're just warming up. It looks good. It feels like we're falling down a hole. I'm not sure why. It's weird. And again, these are all, these are all mainstream journalists. So I don't know what I did wrong here by presenting it to the world so that they could see that something weird has been going on in France for quite some time. And rather than the public, or rather the mainstream media being interested in it, they just keep smearing everybody as like far right conspiracy theorists. One of the every journalist I've mentioned thus far is on the left. In fact, many of these people work excited about giving Bridgette a platform because they themselves are feminists, feminists. And finally they said, let me profile this woman. And then they realized something is very wrong here.


So I cannot, why am I being called into the LEA palace? What have I done wrong? Why does this feel like a police interrogation? I'm just trying to ask some questions, but it's not just jit. Now let's discuss Emmanuel Macron's biography because it's pretty interesting, pretty interesting, this guy. So the story goes that he, like Jit was born in Amon. Amon is the capital town or city within the Department of Psalm. Okay? So in France, they call these departments. I like to think of departments as states. If you're from America, and so think of Amon as the capital of the state of Psalm.


Amon also has a ton of history dating back to the Middle Ages because it is the ancient capital of Picard, which just to be clear, that just means like Northern France. I'm telling you that for a reason. Now, jumping back into his biography, I am now going to read directly from journalist Xavier PSA's forthcoming book, which we should be announcing for you guys this week. He writes, quote, Emanuel Macron remains a mystery to those who went to school with him. His former classmates describe him as, quote, the only one we didn't know anything about. Neither where he spent his vacations, nor what his parents did for a living.


Describe him as a loner. Not much socialized, not gathering others around him. Later at the school, EM iv, he stayed in the background elusive. He maintained an air of mystery, a parallel life of which we knew nothing. No one knows of any close friends. Among his 48 fellow students, he had a very striking chameleon-like manner. End quote, Emmanuel Macron's, early life before he, he met. Jit is similarly a black hole. Journalists who have tried to cover the subject of all fallen back on cross portraits for lack of material, testimonials, photographs, et cetera.


The information that could be gathered can be summed up in a few lines. Xavier goes on and says, born on December 21st, 1977 in Amon, Emmanuel Macron spent his childhood on Ru Go de Rumi the street in Henryville, which is the upscale district of Amon in a house that was bought in 1982 by his parents parents, Jean Michel Macron, a neuropsychiatrist at Amon University Hospital from a Picard family, and Francois Nog, that would be his mother, a pediatrician who became an expert for social security. I'm gonna pause before I jump into Xavier's script here, So I you get the picture.


Okay. His dad is a psychiatrist, his mom is a doctor to children. Interesting combo. That's all I'm saying. That's all I'm saying for right now. But I'm gonna say a lot more. Her family originates from, and this is Francois Nog, his mother from Bag Ray, and that is in the hot purine region. I'm gonna talk about that later. The couple had two more children. So Emmanuel Aborn in 1977, then came Lauren, born in 1979, his brother and Estelle, his sister born in 1982, all born within five years of one another. Both physicians before divorcing in 2010.


Emmanuel Macron also has a half brother. His name is Gabriel. He was born in 2005 from his father's second marriage to a woman named Helene Jolie, also a psychiatrist at the Institute of Educational Medicine in Psalm. Okay, now, in 2017, Emmanuel Macron released his own autobiography, which was entitled Revolution. Okay? That similarly provided very few scant details about his background. And it was actually Sylvie Bamel, an independent journalist who writes for Vanity Fair. Again, we are an on Reddit threads.


Guys we're not on the Deep Web who summed up his autobiography this way. This is what she said about his autobiography in Revolution. Emmanuel devotees five pages to his maternal grandmother, only one to his parents, and two lines to his brother Laurent and his sister Estelle. Nor is there any mention of his half brother Gabriel, born in 2005 from his father's second marriage and even less of his father's companion. Conversely, he scrupulously mentions the first names of Bridget's three children and their spouses, as well as those of her seven grandchildren.


She has since had an eighth one. On the day of the inauguration, the Ozi were the only ones to tread the red carpet. Leading up to the Eliza Palace T phone and Lawrence, blonde, slim and elegant, and their brother Sebastian, all accompanied by their spouses and their children. The estrangement is reciprocal. In 2014, a colleague of his brother, Lauren at the hospital, asked him if Macron working with Francois Halon at the time at the LEA palace was a close relative. No, he's a vague cousin. Everyone's bugging me about this guy. Replied his brother Laurent. Okay, maybe, maybe Lauren just didn't wanna be asked about a question about a minister and just said that weird.


Then a woman named Nicole, who is a, a first cousin of Emmanuel's mother Francis Nog, similarly told a reporter that she hardly ever saw Emmanuel's alleged sister Estelle. That's very weird. Okay, Sylvie Bamel, again, the journalist, vanity Fair writer, reputable mainstream media also said this. She said, quote, I had a hard time finding Emmanuel's friends. He never talked about his family. We are hard pressed to find any photos of his early years when as a grownup he launched his presidential campaign. Many political analysts noted that his communications were inspired by Obama.


Even if this is the case, he has neglected his early childhood. Anyone interested in the former United States, president Obama can have with emotion at Baby Barack in a romper suit. The chubby kid wielding his first baseball bat, the kid with two holes where he just lost his baby teeth. In short, watching him grow up. Our president's photo album begins in his 10th year. The shot was taken in the choir of the chapel of the law, Providence School with Emmanuel reading a passage from the Bible around his neck, a shiny metal worn for the first time marks the day of his baptism at age 12. Francois and Jean-Michel have a distant relationship with religion.


Of course, they were married in a church to enjoy the pump of the event and gather their families. They never considered having the baby baptized. Wow. Life starts at the age of 12 in photos. That's a bit weird. Here are the three photos she's referring to, by the way, which were widely considered to be the first known photos of Emmanuel Macron. One that she's describing from his baptism, one from his seventh grade year at Providence. And the third, which is another one from his studies. It's almost like he grew up in the Providence School with Rajet, right? Uhoh, this is gonna be a quote and I'm gonna get a letter from Emmanuel. She who said he grew up in the school. That didn't happen. We're suing you for defamation.


Oddly. However, I should mention that when Xavier Psar kept digging, he did find that there were some uncredited and seemingly unauthorized photos that appeared in, you guessed it, Paris match one of Mimi Marchand's favorite publications in May of 2017 when we know Mimi Marchand, the PR killer, so to speak, figuratively, was running the comms for them. So in May of 2017, these photos appeared and I'm gonna show you those. Okay? So we're seeing a kid, it tells us in the captions that this is Emmanuel Macron when he was three years old. By the way, If you guys are French in watching this, if somebody could identify those sneakers, that would be amazing.


Later on in the comments, I'll get a closeup of that for you guys. I'm just curious as to like what sneaker brand that is. It says he's, he's reading Sylvester and Tweety got this crazy blonde hair, and that one at the bottom right is supposed to be him at his father's office of medicine. And you'll notice that again, these young photos, he's got all of these siblings. There's no photos of him with his siblings and who authorized these photos. It's, they're literally not credited in that magazine issue of where these photos came from. And they are never again included in any biography. Whether it's autobiography, whether it's an authorized biography or an unauthorized biography. We don't get to see those photos again.


Okay? So to recap, the Macron side of the family is supposed to have deep roots in Amon. Okay? They're supposed to be Picard. Yet when another journalist, a gay journalist named Hervey Alga LaRhonda, and why I'm telling you he's gay and openly gay is not to call him out, but because don't forget a big piece of what the media says is that everybody's Bt Q phobic, that's the reason why anybody is even saying anything about her. Well, this guy certainly is not okay. Hervey Alga LaRonda made what is likely the greatest effort to look into Emmanuel Macron's upbringing in his investigative book, which in English is two young French women.


Okay? And he similarly found some really odd things. Foremost, the former mayor of Amon, a man's name, gee ion, I'm showing you him right there, who was close with the Trino family because Amon is close knit and therefore in no way was trying to shade them or harm them in any way. Said this about Emmanuel Macron. He said, Macron is not am NOIs, he is que meaning he's not like from the town of Amon. He's like from Lu Tuke, which is La Tuque is a seaside town in France. What did he mean by that? What do you mean he's a a, a Tian? Is he suggesting that Macron was, was not from Amon at all?


Because that would be weird. Why wouldn't a city mayor in which the president of France was born in wanna take full credit for his birth? Like, yes, Manu Monroe Crone is for is from here. Maybe he just meant that he spent more of his time or the most of his time outside of the city. I don't know what he meant by this, but he said it, at least according to that book, surely they would wanna claim him, right? But people even called into question Macron's interests in his own birthplace of Amon. Because from that very same book, we find out that Emmanuel Macron quote skipped the commemoration while he was in office of the Centenary of the Battle of Amon on August 8th, 2018.


The Amon born Macron was conspicuously absent while Theresa May, then the prime minister of the United Kingdom and Prince William, one of Queen Elizabeth's grandsons were present. The English had stood shoulder to shoulder with the French in the battle of the world of World War I, the start of the allies, victorious, offensive. Emmanuel Macron did not attend the celebration even though his family's birthplace. Offie, another city was on the front line of another famous battle. The battle of Psalm and the castle housed a field hospital. Even though he knows full well as he has mentioned in several speeches, that Bacardi still bears the scars or the wars against Germany. Okay, maybe he was busy that day.


Let's not get too crazy. Also, I should mention that before Emmanuel had entered the political scene in 2012, he had considered running for municipal office, but never in the Bacardi region. Only in p dele, which is further north. That's the same p dele that Jit worked within as a press secretary. Maybe that's why maybe they were already in the midst of their affair. I'm not sure. And then it's just about to get outright embarrassing, okay? When you consider the massive blunder that gets made by President Emmanuel Macron in regards to the other side of his family roots, the Nog, right? His mom's side, INE Nog is his mom from Sze. Kno is his mom.


Remember her family traces back to the town of ha. That is a region of Pyrenees. Okay? Think of the Pyrenees Mountains. Basically they border Spain and France. So there's a lot of different spoken languages, a few different spoken languages in that region historically. So Macron in, in his presidential capacity, goes to visit Andorra in 2018 and he presents himself as a child of the peer of of the nee, okay? And this exchange happened between him and a Corsican National official. His name was Xavier Luciani. And it was captured, this exchange was captured by a journalist from Express Magazine.


'cause you know when presidents travel, they have like the pool of journalists that travel with them and they're recording and they're listening to the conversations. And he's speaking to this Andorran guy. And the journalist writes that Macron said this quote, I had great grandparents who were be Gordon and they only spoke Perian. Their sole aim in life was that my grandmother would attend a state school to learn French. Think about it. End quote. So he's opening up here. Now we know he was close with his grandmother. He wrote the most about his grandmother in his book The Republic.


And he's saying that his grandmother, like his, the sole aim of her parents was for his grandmother to stop speaking Perian and to go to a school and learn French, go to a state school and learn French. And he goes, think about it. Think about how amazing. Now he's the president of France and that was all his great grandparents wanted for his beloved grandmother. And you know what that politician did think about it? Probably not for very long. 'cause it turns out that Perian is not and has never been a language. It's just amazing. That is just amazing.


No, it's never been a language. Didn't know what the heck he was talking about. They're like, what are you talking about Perian? What is that? That's not a thing. People, her speak a bunch of different languages, and that's not one of them. It's Oxycon Catalan, nobody speaks Perian. What are you trying to say, man? So he just made up a piece of his childhood. So that was weird. That was real weird man. Real weird to be emotionally attached to a language that never existed. Anyways, back to the journalist, Hervey, alga Lardo. He tried desperately thereafter to speak to any one of the Mccr family, but they were as thick as thieves. Okay? He got shot down, shot down, shot down. Then there was an official in Bega Ray who gave him an idea, okay?


And the idea that came across his mind was, you know what? I should actually, I wanna learn about Emmanuel Macron's history. I should speak to Jit. Weird, right? The reason why this idea popped into his mind was that that official told him that when Emmanuel Macron had visited Bag Ray, okay? Another city out of civility, he was making conversation and he asked Emmanuel Macron about his sister Estelle, because she lived nearby. And he says that apparently Emmanuel Macron turned to Jit to know what to answer. He turned to his wife to know what to answer about his sister. I don't know about how you guys are feeling right now, but I'm starting to get a little icky feeling.


It's, it's all starting to feel a bit, I don know incestuous to me, you know, like why she knows so much and why is he like no more into her family? I don't know. It's very weird, right? We should probably pause there. But for fun, I am going to tease you with these, this photo two photos. And I want you guys to know this is, this is real. This is not made up. Okay? 'cause next, next steps we're gonna get into John Michel Tru. No, the sibling that has now suddenly appeared for the first time, the public is being made aware of him. And Jean-Michel Trau allegedly has a son, okay? Allegedly this guy, whoever he is, Jean-Michel Trau, who seems to be missing, has a son named John Jack who is not missing.


John Jack is not missing. And I'm gonna just give you a, a side by side of John, Jack and Emmanuel Macron. Okay? And here's another one of John, Jack and Emmanuel Macron. Now these two are not related, okay? On the left is allegedly Briet, who claims she is not Jean-Michel Trau, that's allegedly Brie's nephew. That is Jean-Michel Trudeau's son. This is not the macro side of the family. Okay? This is Brigitte, this is the Trino side of the family, and that's her husband. And it is just amazing. It is just amazing. But ladies and gentlemen, do not believe your own eyes.


Not believe your own eyes. You know what we should do in this next episode? We have absolutely got to get into his grandma one who I, I at some point, I guess must have spoke Perian. I don't know, something like that because then things are gonna start to get really interesting. And then we're gonna learn a bit more about his mom, his dad, the psychiatrist, and some things that he kind of left out about them. And what specifically, what kind of work were these psychiatrists and pediatricians involved in? And then maybe we're gonna start patching in some ideas about what might have been going on politically at that time while he was growing up. And, and this is gonna turn into a scary story, not wait to read your questions.


Guys. First wanna tell you about American Financing because a lot of Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month. It's time to take control of your debt. So If you're a homeowner and you have been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They are saving their average customer $800 a month. By doing this, saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy. All it takes is a 10 minute, no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you could be saving. And If you start today, you may not even have to make two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, the number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can simply visit American Financing net slash Owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Hoo hoo. This person, I'm just looking at the people whose minds are exploding right now, looking at JE supposed to be nephew. I don't know. I don't know. Guys, give it to me one more time. Give it to me one more time. Skylar. Chris, give it to me one more time. Okay, next one. Show it to me again. What the, no, they're not guys, they're not. Whatever you're thinking. I want you to know you're a far right crazy conspiracy theorist Nazi child, okay? So don't just stop it. Do not believe your own eyes. We will tell you what to think. Okay? We are the mainstream media. This is what we do. Everybody's crazy except for us. Everybody is bad, except for us. Everybody is in the business of fake news.


Except for us, we tell the truth. No matter what. Journalists today I, I think are a bit like prostitutes, right? How much, how much to make you say whatever. That's how I feel, at least on the inside. Guys, I do wanna mention, before I read your comments, first Book Club. A lot of people were asking, you know, our website launched and speaking of MK Ultra, oh wait, we didn't speak about MK Ultra yet, but the first book we're gonna be reading is chaos. Because it is like, yeah, we should learn a bit about the CIA and the secret history of the sixties. And some of those themes may be relevant as we go along with this series. Learning about some government programs, which involved a lot of psychiatrists, as I would say, and learning about the Manson murders and things that were going on in America and how it all just kind of fits in.


And it is interesting that he modeled himself after Obama. If you guys go back, you can find episodes that I have done about Obama, which you might find to be of interest. So the first book club meeting is going to be five, sorry, 6:00 PM Eastern on Tuesday, February 11th. Again, that is 6:00 PM Eastern on Tuesday, February 11th. Guys, go to Candace Owens dot com, sign up for the book club, we're gonna read books, discuss the themes and those books. And be safe from the mainstream media. Probably not. They're probably buying a book club membership just so they can speak about whatever it is that we speak about. And yeah, please support our independent journalism by going to Candace Owens dot com because I think they wanna destroy me and they don't want me to have a platform.


And now we build our platform, Candace Owens dot com, sign up, support the show in any way you want. You can even buy a mug and support the show. Okay, what questions do you guys have? I'm just, I love watching the chat of people's doing the mind explosion, brain explosion when they see those photos. Let me scroll down here and see what we have. Leo writes, pregnant, Candace is the best. Candace, we all wish you many babies in your life. Thank you for what you do. God bless. You know, I do think the, the media would beg to differ. I think they're like, please stop having children because you just get a little gutsy when you're growing these boys. Daphne writes, admire how smart and bravest woman is. May God always help and protect you.


God bless you. I love the name Daphne, by the way, it's on the short list for girls. I only have one girl though and I'm just turning out all these boys. But Daphne is such a beautiful name. Sailing, okay, writes, Hey Candace Manan from Canada. I like Manan. We don't want Ryan Reynolds back. What? What? You are taking Ryan Reynolds back. We will go to war. Okay, the in Canada, if we have to go to war, we'll go to war. Okay? And my country, we still got, we, you know what? What do you want? We'll meet you at the border. Okay, we'll see what's up, what's up. This person also says also, I think Truder was involved with these sick French husbands. That is all God bless. And it was stunning that we've covered all of this sickness and perversity and the media in France didn't think that was interesting.


They weren't interested in like, you know, pedophiles getting shorter sentences. They just sort of let the whole thing go. It was weird. I don't know. They were mad at me, me for talk, speaking about it. Very strange. I wonder why that might be. Raquel writes on a very unrelated topic. Candy, can I call you K? No, you can't call me candy because the time from a time that I was could speak my earliest memory. My mom used to say to me, don't ever let anyone call you candy because candy is a stripper name. And it burned into my little toddler brain. I was too young. And so nobody calls me candy. Okay? That's a lie except people from South America because their accents, they say Gandhi. So If you have an accent, you can call me Gandhi. But you cannot call me Kand in a basic American accent.


I wanna be very clear. She goes on to ask the question, where do you sh shop for such beautiful, feminine, conservative clothing? I love your content, love you sharing about your faith. And I admire your bravery with God's armor. I do all of my shopping in London. So my husband and I go to London a couple times a year, obviously because he is from there and they have such cute boutique boutiques. I absolutely cannot stand large department stores. I feel overwhelmed. So I, there's just a boutique that I love and that's where I get the majority of my clothing. And when I'm pregnant, I don't really shop for pregnancy clothes. This is like a very old shirt. I don't know where it's from at all. But I can't fit many of my clothes right now 'cause my belly is expanding. Elders of Zion comments below, please read the protocols of Elders of Zion 1903 from an insider into the Zionist plot to take over nations, as you can see with APAC today, and anti-Semitism laws.


Okay, thank you. Dabber Sanchez writes, we love this series. Candace, praying for your safety. Always love for Montreal. And Sam writes, every time you talk about Jit, I think of Simon Nala when he says, should I call you Mr? Oh yeah, the guy who says, what are you gay? You a gay? That's a really, really, really funny clip. 'cause it's just so African in that so many of this stuff is, the stuff that we're dealing with today is, is like first world symptoms of the first world where we've just gotten so advanced that we're basically behind. And then you go to Africa and they're like, what are you talking about? What is wrong with you guys? Very funny. I I, that's why I really enjoy Africans. If you haven't yet, you should really go back and watch my episode with the two Nigerian brothers re explaining to me how they helped Jesse Smollett execute the hate crime against himself.


I mean, it is just joy. So much joy fell during that interview. I can't even explain that. You guys know I love Nigerians. And that is it. That is all of the comments that we have for today, you guys. So we will pick this up at a later date. Thank you guys so much for watching. And don't forget to go to Candace Owens dot com, the subscribe and support the independent journalism that we do. We love what we do and we wanna keep doing it. So we'll see you guys tomorrow.