
A not so happy Thursday today because I am admittedly big mad, big mad because I just found out that Beyonc allegedly got paid $10 million for that pathetic little endorsement of Kamala Harris, what was it? Three minutes, $10 million for three minutes of her life. And she's not the only one who allegedly got paid in a major way. I think when I grow up, I've decided that it would probably be a better idea for me to be a fraud and just to come out and support the Democratic Party and say whatever, because apparently that's where all the money is. Plus, later on in the show, we have to discuss Disney because they really need a new princess. I don't know If you guys have been following the never ending scandal of Rachel Zegler, their Snow White remake princess, but this young woman is clearly mentally deranged and she's now posted on her social media calling for Trump supporters to be harmed.


Like this is just not even normal. They've already had to delay this film because this woman can't close her mouth. And now she's what? Calling for violence. And also, we're gonna cover Matt Gates because the media is in the midst of a meltdown over him being nominated as the US Attorney. And I think I have an idea why that might be all that coming up on CANDACE. So I'm okay, I want all the smoke today. I understand what happens when you go after Beyonc, queen Bay, all of that.


Okay, shush. I'm so over it. I'm really just getting to a place right now where I think I'm just getting angry with black women. I'm getting angry with black women in particular. So I just wanna first take a look at this exit poll from the election. Just take a look at this exit poll. And If you look down at black women, our voting margins are just incredible. We are the only group in America that is voting 92% Democratic. 92% Democratic is absolutely amazing. So this means one of two things. Like it means either black women are geniuses. We are the most ingenious people in the entire, in all of America. We've, we've figured things out.


We understand the political system and everybody else is being defrauded somehow by splitting up their votes. Or it means that we are very much a monolith and nobody is taking us seriously anymore. Okay? So why am I upset? Because my entire political life, my entire political life since I got into politics in 2015, I have had to deal with accusations coming from black media, coming from black stars, coming from black hip hop artists, that I'm a fraud, that I'm a sellout, I'm a, she sold out. I don't know how I sold out by committing myself to voting for Donald Trump. That's just kind of what they say. You're a coon, you're an Uncle Tom. They're allowed to use racist terms explicitly for some reason. If you're a black conservative, black conservative.


And essentially, and this really is one of the dumbest plot lines ever. The reason they're proof that I have somehow sold out is because, well, obviously she must be doing this for money. Except I have never, and I'll state this one more time for the record, actually probably more in the future. I have never, ever, ever been paid a single dollar from the Trump campaign. Never. Not once throughout anything. You can't dig it up in an FC FC filing, nothing. I actually said what I believed. I know that's quite shocking, but I actually said what I believed. So you have to imagine my frustration when it's revealed, when it has been revealed recently, that the Democratic Party is paying eye watering amounts to the very people in the black community that are somehow perceived as authentic.


Like the people that I don't know pass the black test the the Black Litmus test. Oh, she's a real one. Somehow she's a real one because what? She's a part of the, the 92% monolith, which is an absolute, she's ridiculous. So Kamala's 107 day campaign, I feel like I always have to remind people that she only campaigned for 107 days. It was unlike any other campaign for a lot of reasons. One of them being just the sheer amount of celebrity endorsements that were jammed into such a short window of time regarding a candidate that none of them could have known intimately. None of them could have really known her policies intimately or what she believed in enough to get on stage and to endorse her with so much passion.


So much passion as in J-Lo cried. She literally was brought to tears by a woman that nobody liked the entire time she was vp. Remember, people were just cycling out of her office all the time. There were all those articles talking about how nobody liked to work for her because she didn't like to work, but then like to blame people for the work that was not being done, which really has just been a model after Kamala's life. We've learned this from Judge Joe Brown, everyone who's worked with her, she was essentially just like handed her entire life because she slept with the right people. So her campaign really was just more of that. It was an utter clown show. I don't know what she did other than word salad and say things and keep calling Trump people confused and racist.


That was kinda the messaging that was coming out and dangerous and if this guy gets into office, all of the same stuff. And then also, of course, leaning into this idea that abortion was this existential crisis for women. Okay? So now it's being reported that some of these celebs that came out far from speaking out because they were worried about the future for their children, as they all say on stage, I'm just so worried about the future for my children actually spoke out for money. And one such person is Meghan the Stallion. Okay? One half of the whop duo with Cardi B. She came out, she was one of the, the first people to perform for Kamala Harris. And she was reportedly paid $5 million for this.


I need everybody in the car to make some noise for Ms, Our future president. There you go. She got paid to shake her booty for Ms. Harris, for Mrs. Harris. Everybody get up. I don't know how people are not insulted by that, but apparently it worked because as you can see, black women at least came out and drove to support the Democratic nominee. Then there's Beyonc, the case of Beyonc, the person that you're not allowed to touch her say anything bad to, or the beehive's gonna come for you because she's a queen. Even though I'm gonna be honest in my honest assessment and perspective, she hasn't dropped a good album since four.


I don't care. Come for me. I, I, I, I, like I said, I want all to smoke. Fight me. She's got a couple of bops on each album, but for all of this, ha all hail the queen. It's just a little too much. It's just a little too much. Reportedly she Was Paid $10 million for that, what? Three and a half minute speech that she gave. And just to work out the math for you, that would mean that she was being paid $55,000 per a second. Like, could you imagine just being paid that much per a second for your presence, really? That, that, that makes you bigger than the queen. You're the queen and the king to get paid that amount if it turned out to be true. And I'm just gonna jog your memory of the really inauthentic speech that she gave.


It's time for America to sing a new song. Our voices sing a chorus of unity. They sing a song of dignity and opportunity. Are y'all ready to add your voice to the New American song? I'm so let's do this. Ladies and gentlemen, please give a big loud Texas welcome to the next president of the United States Vice President. Apparently she's a hustler homie. It's truly because If you just had to do that and get paid that amount, it means that they know that your voice is worth that.


And you know that your voice is worth that. And you're only doing it for the paycheck. You're not doing it because you care about what happens to black America. You're not living the same reality that the majority of black Americans are living in, in this economy. And now, I wanna be very clear, the only reason they're saying it's reportedly is because despite being asked multiple times by many journalists as to whether or not this report was true, that they paid her $10 million for this endorsement, Kamala's team has gone completely mom and is refusing to answer. Now, in my opinion, there would be no reason to refuse to answer this or this was just a pesky rumor. You'd come right out and you'd say, absolutely not. Beyonc genuinely just loved Kamala so much. Why can't you guys believe that this is what she truly believes in for the future? We would pay her no such thing.


We're not able yet to weigh it against an FVC report because that FVC report is still due. So my instinct here is that there has to be some truth to, to these reports that are coming out. Of course, Megan Thee stallion, all of her dancers are not gonna just agree to work for free for Kamala Harris. I think all of these people are essentially seeing this as an opportunity to make money While Democrats are pouring money into the golfers of a Democratic party. They're just going, well, we don't actually have to earn their vote. We're just going to find a person that they like, a person that they call Queen like Beyonc, or a person that they call King like LeBron James and encourage them to speak out on behalf of us. It really puts into new focus what black culture is, because that's what people always accuse me of, like not being a part of black culture.


What is being for black culture? Is it that? Is it voting in margins of 97% for stupid, for people to lie on you to people, for people to lie to you and get caught over and over and over again? I mean, take for example, this obviously notoriously Cardi B also came out and gave this endorsement more like she read off of a teleprompter and the teleprompter broke, and then somebody handed her a phone so she could read the notes, whatever you wanna say about her. She came out, she spoke, and according to her, I asked her on Twitter earlier today, were you paid for this as well? She says, no, she wasn't paid for this. And I actually believe that, I believe that a Cardi B came out authentically and supported the Democratic Party. Which leads me to ask the question why?


Because let's not forget, okay, when Joe Biden barely ran just like Kamala Harris because he hid during COVID and said, oh, I can't come out and do any interviews, but I am gonna come out and make time for Cardi B to ask me the hard hitting questions. Do you guys remember what he, what he told her he was going to do as president? No. You have to remember, Kamala Harris is his vp. So she is hearing his answers for what will happen if she moves black women to vote for him. This is Cardi B interviewing Joe Biden in 2020. I, of course, want free Medicare. And this is why it's important to have free Medicare. 'cause look what, look what's happening right now. You see why we should have been have free Medicare for a long time?


I of course think that we need free college education. We're gonna have, if I get elected president free college education for four years of college, flat out anybody with a family less than 125 grand, you're gonna get a free education. Everybody gets free education for, for, for community college. Listen, Cardi, If you go and tell black people who I just think are stupid, but like your music, whatever, what is it you sing? Bodak Yellow, yellow Bodak, whatever. It's, you go out there, find black people that like your music, tell them to vote and not tell 'em they're gonna get free stuff. That's all you black people like, like free stuff. Yeah. Cool. You're gonna get free downloads on Apple, you're gonna get free college, you're gonna get free Medicaid, free, free, free, free, free.


She nods along and she endorses him. And maybe she believed it in 2020. So how do you justify her being able to look back on the interview that she gave to receive lies from this, the campaign of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, and then to get right back up on stage and to say, and I quote, she said this when she endorsed Kamala, I believe every word that comes out of her mouth, Cardi B said, I believe every word that comes out of Kamala Harris' mouth, Kamala Harris, a person who can't even tell the truth about who her fricking grandma is in her book, Cardi B believes every single word. So what is the true reason that these campaigns go out and they reach out to her again because they view her to be a useful idiot?


That's the reality. And even greater useful idiot if she's willing to do it for free. I mean, she's, she's saying, I did it for free. And she's saying that as, Hey, I'm not a fraud. I actually did this. That's even more embarrassing. At least Beyonc knew if I'm gonna go ahead and do this. She was smart enough as a businesswoman to know that I'm gonna get paid. I'm gonna get $10 million if I have to come out here. I'm not gonna, you know, I'm, I'm not gonna act like a monkey in your circus. You're gonna have to pay me $10 million. And she got it allegedly for $55,000 a second. I just feel like it's really time for, for black Americans to wake up to this nonsense. I'm so sick of it. I mean, Malcolm X was exactly right when he said that the, the media is the most powerful entity on earth. It will quite literally having have you hating the people that you should be supporting and supporting the people that you should be hating.


And there's no greater proof of that than when you look at the metrics of how black women are voting in this country. When you look at the embarrassment of the fact that they do the exact same thing every four years, every, they don't even try to switch it up. They're even getting the same people after they lied to their faces, they lied to your face. Cardi, do you not have just like, just a, a, a modicum of self-respect to say, Hey, you lied to my face four years ago And so no, I'm not gonna jump on stage and support you again, is the answer to that really? No. So, you know, I I, I really do wanna say that I, I am just so upset when I see black Americans still falling for this same game, seeing women falling for the same game in particular.


And then you look at Kamala, Kamala campaign's spending report and it just looks completely fraudulent. She allegedly spent $100 million on marketing firms, okay? She spent $15 million on event production, $4 million on private jets, which is incredible. 107 days of campaigning, $4 million on private jets to go where to go. Where all of it to me is just the most ridiculous when I just see it. It's, it's such an insult. It is such an insult to their voters, and yet many of their voters still can't see it. Maybe in the future they will. Obviously we're starting to see that black men are breaking away from this, but black women see, still seem to be in this stranglehold culture, seems to have them.


And they, and they really do believe that they're, they're so intellectual and racism is around every single corner. And the frauds in the sellouts are people like me. When you're quite literally spending your money to go see in concert, every single one of these frauds and sellouts, in fact, you have been so trained that you call these sellouts kings and queens. That's embarrassing. Honestly. Change something about yourself. Stop calling these people. Kings and queens have some basic self-respect, genuinely. That is all that I wanna say on that topic. Should also add to the fact that even the NAACP received $500,000. It's $500,000 donation is what Al Sharpton received. So yeah.


Oh, the NAACP has our back. I'm with her. Oh, Beyonc, I love her. All of them are frauds, all of them are sellouts and those people are the true grifters.


Now, obviously, I'm about to lose my life, so let me at least support a company and an organization that cares about life in return. I'm, you guys know that I love Seven Weeks Coffee. This episode is sponsored by Seven Weeks Coffee. Why are they called seven weeks? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean, and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $500,000 for these centers and have saved over 5,000 lives. Now, lemme tell you about the coffee because I'm very picky about what I put into my body. It's mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown and low acid. And it's organically farmed. It truly checks all the boxes. And just in time for the holiday season, Seven Weeks, Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. You can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order and new limited edition coffees. So whether you're looking for stocking stuffers or the Perfect Roast, Seven Weeks Coffee has you covered this Christmas season exclusively for my listeners, go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace for up to 25% off your order. Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us


Okay? Lemme tell you how I really feel. There's still so many things I wanna talk about, especially Rachel Zel, but before I get to her, I wanna talk about Matt Gaetz because yeah, that nomination has them in a full panic. Okay? So in case you don't follow the intricacies of the cabinet nominations, who later, these are the positions, basically the 15 or 16, I think it's 16 now, cabinet positions, and they have to be the majority of them confirmed by the Senate. Okay? So the media has had an emotional breakdown regarding Matt Gaetz being nominated as the US Attorney. Take a listen to Jake Tapper opened his show last night. Welcome to the Lead, I'm Dick Tapper, and let me begin the show by uttering some words that I never contemplated using together before.


And those words are US Attorney General Matt Gates, And he's not the only one here is a clip of John Bolton echoing the same sentiment. Oh, I, I thought it was the worst cabinet level appointment in history until they then heard about the Matt Gates appointment. Really my reaction was that this is like the legend of Caligula, the Roman emperor who wanted to nominate his horse as a Roman cons. You had to be a Roman senator at the time to be a cons. And it was intended to show how demeaned and degraded the Roman Senate had become.


So now we're gonna see whether the American Senate can stand up and reject two people who are totally unqualified, unfit professionally and, and, and really lacking in the, in the immoral characteristics, the character that you need to hold these jobs. I think this vote should be a hundred to nothing against both of them. Okay? So fair to say that there has not been a single nomination that has caused this much panic across the mainstream media. And I wanna make sure that you guys understand why what happened in the last couple of years with Matt Gates. So when the adults got back in charge, when Biden was formerly inaugurated at the beginning of 2021, his Department of Justice got right to work looking to criminally prosecute not just Trump, but also Trump allies.


I mean, truly when, when we say the Department of Justice just it, it's unbelievable what they did following January 6th, going after every single person that thought the election was stolen, looking to use federal law to prosecute these people sometimes just for speech. Well, Matt Gaetz, you could argue, is the staunchest of Trump allies, especially all through all January 6th, using his platform as a congressman from Florida to basically call out the injustices that were happening. And in March of 2021, it was then announced that he was being federally investigated for Guess, guess, guess sex trafficking. I feel like that's kind of like a Fed favorite. They're like sex trafficking.


You have been trafficking people. So they alleged that Matt Gates began a sexual relationship with a 17-year-old girl and had transported her across state lines, which would have made it a federal crime. Again, fed favorite because apparently the Feds kind of created this crime when they wanted to go after Boxer Jack Johnson, which many years ago, I think in 1912, they prosecuted him for transporting a woman across state lines. Anyways, back to, to Matt Gats, it gets even crazier. So not only did Matt Gaetz say I am being set up from the Department of Justice, but he also said in response that his family was being extorted by the Department of Justice in order to make it go away.


He alleged that somebody came to his father and said, If you want this to go away, you have to pay us $25 million. So I'm gonna put that on rewind for you so you can hear what he told Tucker Carlson at the time, Tucker Carlson was on Fox News regarding this alleged extortion plot. Take a listen. This Is obviously a serious allegation. Tell us what the truth is from your perspective. It is a horrible allegation and it is a lie. The New York Times is running a story that I have traveled with a 17-year-old woman, and that is verifiably false. People can look at my travel records and see that that is not the case. What is happening is an extortion of me and my family involving a former Department of Justice official.


On March 16th, my father got a text message demanding a meeting wherein a person demanded $25 million in exchange for making horrible sex trafficking allegations against me Go away. Our family was so troubled by that we went to the local FBI and the FBI and the Department of Justice were so concerned about this attempted extortion of a member of Congress that they asked my dad to wear a wire, which he did with the former Department of Justice Official. Tonight, I am demanding that the Department of Justice and the FBI release the audio recordings that were made under their supervision and at their direction, which will prove my innocence.


And that will show that these allegations aren't true. They're merely intended to try to bleed my family out of money. And this former Department of Justice official tomorrow was supposed to be contacted by my father. So that specific instructions could be given regarding the wiring of $4.5 million as a down payment on this bribe. I don't think it's a coincidence that tonight, somehow the New York Times is leaking this information, smearing me and ruining the investigation that would likely result in one of the former colleagues of the current DOJ being brought to justice for trying to extort me and my family.


So a co a couple of obvious questions that come to mind. And again, just to restate, this just happened, don't have any other information beyond what we've already said. And you have said who, first of all, who is this Department of Justice former employee who's trying to extort the money from you? You say His name is David McGee. He was a top official in the leadership in the Northern District of Florida as a prosecutor. He currently works at the Begs and Lane Law Firm. As a matter of fact, one of the recordings that was made at the FBI and Department of Justice request occurred at that law firm and the money that was supposed to be paid today, that would've shown even more evidence of David McGee's work in this extortion scheme that was foiled by the New York Times story.


And I believe that's why this, this horrible information and these terrible allegations have been used this evening. So Tucker looks incredulous following this interview with Tucker. The media went to town calling him a conspiracy theorist, calling him crazy for even speaking out while federal prosecutors were investigating him. Like, who does this guy think he is? You're supposed to just stay mom and shut up when you're being investigated for sex trafficking. You're not supposed to use your platform to, to allege that the DOJA former DOJ employee is somehow trying to extort you. They tried to paint Matt Gaetz like a complete crazy person. You can imagine, remember the adults are back in charge, right? That this was getting all of the coverage.


Another, this Trump ally, he's out here, he's doing this with a 17-year-old girl. And he fought through this and it sounded like a conspiracy right? To, to say that the Department of Justice is using former employees and liaising to try to siphon $25 million from your dad. But Matt Gats alleged that the local FBI instructed his dad to wear a wire to record the conversation with the person that was trying to extort them. And guess what? It turned out that Matt Gaetz was telling the truth in August of 2022. So a little over a year and a half later, Steven Alford was sentenced to five years in prison for a scheme to extort $25 million from the Gates family.


So you can just imagine the Department of Justice's surprise. Oh my gosh, you're gonna nominate now he's in charge of the Department of Justice. You're gonna make the US Attorney General. I love it. I love it. Okay. He absolutely must be confirmed and they're freaking out and they're being honest about why they're freaking out. They're like, well then he's gonna have access to, to the files of when we were investigating him and like, by the way, we didn't find anything. So it, it's not a big deal. But we don't wanna, this is, this is an insane pick. Why on earth would they allow him in? Yeah, because you realize that he is someone who you are not going to be able to flip into one of your allies because you attempted to ruin his life and to ruin his reputation. And these are exactly the kinds of picks that we mean, I I I need someone who has a chip on their shoulder about the DOJ who understands truly and intimately how corrupt they are to to, to even involve outside law firms enriching themselves.


I mean, that sort of a scheme is po positively ridiculous and it actually happened. So Matt Gaetz, we certainly hope that you are confirmed. And just to briefly show you guys this before we move on from this story, this is who, this is who we have so far in the cabinet that has been announced. We have the chief of staff as Susie Wiles, the ambassador to the UN is going to be Elise Nik, the Homeland Security secretary is going to be Christie Nome, the CIA director. He is named John Ratcliffe, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth. That one totally surprised me, but I have to say just I've known him over the years. He's, he's a solid guy. I mean truly a, a good person. So I, I think that actually is quite promising. And the fact that he has served his country makes, leads me to believe that he is not going to abuse that by sending our military out to fight foreign wars and to risk their lives at no benefit to themselves or their families.


For the EPA, we have Lee Zelin and for the Director of National Intelligence, that's who John Bolton was saying at first was equally as awful as a pick. We have Tulsi Gabbard and I like that because she is also someone that has been attacked by the DOJ. You remember when Hillary was really trying to ruin her reputation and they used that sort of Russian conspiracy of 2016 to say that Tulsi Gabbard was working with Russia. So she's got a chip on her sh shoulder and it's one that I like and one that I respect. So I'm okay with that. Secretary of State, obviously, listen, I'm willing to be proven wrong. I'm willing to see what Marco Rubio does, but he is known to be a NeoCon.


So people have not been excited about that appointment. And then our guy, we gotta get this guy, we gotta get him in there. We gotta get him in there to access the files to see how they're going after people. And that is Matt Gates for us Attorney General and huge news guys. Just before we started here, yes, the Secretary of Health and Human Services is going to be RFK Jr. I am just elated about that appointment. You know, you guys know that I'm anti-vax. Backstory to that is I I was vax injured when I was about 20 years old. There were, and then I did my own research on just that one vaccine. Gardasil realized it was all a lie. Everything that they told us, the commercials, all this fear mongering. But then when I wanted to learn about the other vaccines, there were, there was no information.


There was no information anywhere be because they all just say vaccines are great. Until I found Children's Health Defense, which is RFK Juniors not-for-profit. And the website that they have really is where I did all of my homework and got to educate myself and make the decision not to vax my children. And so he has done wonderful work. Look, we have our disagreements, but in that position, he has my support 100% and they better, they absolutely better confirm him. There's absolutely no reason not to confirm him. And I don't know guys, it's, it's gonna get crazy. The stuff that Trump is saying he is gonna do. Now he's got some people in there that can do some damage. RFK can just break up the cartel, the big pharma cartel telling kids they can't go to school unless they roll up their sleeves and get 76 vaccines in their arms.


I mean, get excited people. I'm telling you it's not a perfect cabinet, but it's a damn good one. Okay? It's, it's a, it's enough to do some damage. Alright, before I talk to you about wokes, know why you are not gonna believe what this woman publicized.


I am first going to remind you about American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates. So you need to call my friends in American Financing. Now it's the perfect time to consolidate debt, reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards because of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store. Power and even childcare. It's also expensive. Now the debt can really get expensive with credit card rates being so high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. They're even closing sum as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees. To find out how much you can save, call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can just visit American Financing net slash Owens.


Okay, Rachel Zegler. I don know If you guys have heard of her every time I say her name, I wanna say Rachel Z Zellweger. But she is Rachel Zegler. We're showing you here, her here on the screen. She's an up and coming actress. Maybe she's more established than I know. I don't follow Hollywood. But it's important to speak about her because sh Disney picked her to be a princess, right? They're doing all these remakes and they decided they were going to remake Snow White and they cast Gal Gadot as the Wicked Witch and they cast Rachel Zegler as Snow White. And it's been an interesting casting because this woman is extraordinarily woke as everyone is in Hollywood. But she's woke in a way that's quite deranged. Like you get cast for Snow White.


And of course If you are a business like Disney, you are leaning into what's the movie Snow White meant to the people that were raised on it. People like me who watched Disney Princess movies when the world was okay. And it was acceptable for us to dream about being a princess as a woman and meeting a handsome prince. But oh no, these, these big bad feminists now are telling us that's ridiculous. How dare you want to meet a handsome prince and be swept off of your feet and live happily ever after. No, you should want to be the prince. You should want to go out and fight the bad guys with a sword. And I'm like, I don't really wanna do that. I don't really wanna do that. So anyways, they have been making this film for a very long time because they, it's just been so scandalized it's been, oh, And so they had to basically put it on ice after people were first off, firstly outraged by Rachel Zegler speaking Ill about the prior film, the film that she was remaking, take a listen to her talk about the modern twist that they were gonna give Snow White.


You said you were bringing a modern edge to it on stage. What do you mean by that? I just mean that it's no longer 1937 and we absolutely wrote a Snow White that is, yeah, she's not gonna be saved by the prince, she's not gonna be saved by the prince and she's not gonna be dreaming about true love. She's dreaming about becoming the leader she knows she can be. And the leader that her late father told her that she could be if she was fearless, fair, brave, and true. And so it's just a really incredible story for I think young people everywhere to see themselves in Snow White is running for president, I'm launching my campaign. I am, Am I the only one that wishes it was 1937? 'cause I'm just so sick of this and it's such a weird thing for their whole pitch as feminists to be is like the best thing you can strive to be as a man.


Like I feel like feminists are actually the patriarchy. Like they're just like, we're just gotta be like men and everything will be great once we just act exactly like men. There's nothing special about being a woman, let's just be men. I don't, it just doesn't feel like we're winning. Anyways, so then they got even crazier and they decided that the dwarves in Snow White weren't woke enough, okay? And they decided to cast seven non dwarves and they released this picture behind the scene. So obviously you see they've got one, one dwarf and then there's black people and three, there's three black people and maybe a red head back there even crazier. Like they were just like, we need, we, it's too, to make it more progressive, the dwarves have to change.


And I actually thought like, you know, dwarves, I, I do feel like that's acceptable to just actually cast Seven Dwarves. I don't feel like the dwarves are being cast in so many parts that that would not be deemed woke enough. But apparently it was. And not even that the dwarves all had issues. There was sleepy, he's like a narcoleptic dopey. He obviously was in the throes of the opioid crisis. I mean I felt like that was DEI enough as it was in the original film. But now people started mocking them. Disney said, okay, we gotta go back. We gotta go back and undo things. We can't release this movie or it's gonna be a massive loss. We can't. So they went back to the drawing board and decided, okay, we're actually gonna release this movie in film in 2025. Kicked it the can down the road for two years and now they're in another scandal because Trump won.


And Rachel Zegler has decided to post this on her Instagram. She posts, I found, she posted, I found myself, I find myself speechless in the midst of this another four years of hatred leading us towards a world I do not want to live in. Leaning us towards a world that will be hard to raise my daughter in, leaning us towards a world that will force her to have a baby she doesn't want. Leading us towards a world that is fearful. Like why is your daughter getting pregnant without wanting a child? It's just, I don't understand why this is the predicament that every Democrat woman is in. Like their daughter is just gonna get pregnant and not want the baby. Like why is this the thing I don lemme keep reading. I shouldn't be the shocked, but I am, I am heartbroken for my friends who awoke in fear this morning.


I am here with you to cry, to yell, to hug, to wax poetic on how the left continues to fail us in forging a new path forward. This loss should not have been as certainly should not have been by so many votes. I echo Ethel Kane's statement more than anything made Trump supporters and Trump voters and Trump himself never know peace. Okay, totally stable. And that's not all she wrote. She also, she also wrote this onto Instagram. Okay, that's all going on stage for act two now and need to get off my soapbox before I get too heated. Sending love to everyone who needs it today. May we all carry each other through the worst and hold these politicians accountable.


Your dem govs just got very important. They already were. But hey, follow your governors, hold 'em accountable. Local government is where we will make real change. This is not the end ever. I will love you through these four years as best I can. F Donald Trump. Yeah, a totally stable thing for her to be posting wishing harm upon Trump voters wishing that we have no peace. And she actually, I actually thought she wrote the exact statement, Skylar, that, that she wanted us to have that she wished explicit harm. Was there a third Instagram post there that maybe got, okay, let's pull this one up as well. There is no hope, no counsel in any of them. I could go on, I won't feel sad. You probably do two F this and then a fourth post about the the about Trump supporters as well.


And so here's the thing, when it comes to politics and being in the public sphere, I actually think people have a right to go out there and say what they believe to be true. Like I don't have an issue with her being a supporter of Kamala. That's fine. Use your soapbox and talk about why you think Kamala's great because you're worried that your child is gonna get pregnant and she better absolutely have the right to kill her offspring. That's that's what you believe in. That's fine. Say that. I actually think it's, it's a good thing that both her and Gal Gado are in the same movie. Gal Gadot is radically pro-Israel because she served in the IDF and Rachel Zegler is radically pro-Palestine. Fine, that's great. Everyone's entitled to their political opinions, but you are not entitled to call for Trump supporters to be harmed.


Like you are actually not entitled to do that. And so let me just remind you Rachel Zegler of what the map looks like. Just so you can understand when your Disney movie is coming out, how many people you are wishing harm upon like this. This is America right now. Okay? So If you are going to just be appealing to the people that you see represented by Blue on this map to come watch your Disney Princess film, then so be it. But I have to say, you have to be the worst endorsement that Disney has ever made because you just can't close your mouth. You just can't be sane even when you do open your mouth. I think this girl does not deserve a feature length film, but rather she deserves to be in a padded cell.


I truly do believe that there's something wrong with her. She's disturbed, she's unhappy and she thinks it's about feminism and the patriarchy and about abortion. But the reality is she's just not stable. Like the majority of people in Hollywood, they're just not stable human beings. And it's this rat race to constantly be seen and to constantly say things that are like just atrocious because they're looking for attention and they can never have enough of it. They can never have enough of it. So I hope it costs her her job. I'm sure that Disney must have some clause in there that she's not allowed to go out and just eliminate her entire audience by being a psychopath and by calling for harm and no peace for Trump supporters. I really do hope she gets dropped for the, from the film.


I think in the end they'll make more money if they drop her and replace her with someone else. And they will do if they go through with this. And If you are somebody who voted for Trump or you're just someone who generally has good morals and principles, I would highly advise that you boycott this film. No matter how much your children love Snow White, no matter how much you love a Disney remake, this is not the film for you. All Right guys,


I wanna remind you about PureTalk because it's important to think about what charities and causes and brands that you give your money to support, which is why I love supporting my cell phone company. PureTalk as a veteran led company supporting veterans is their passion project. And that's why PureTalk has alleviated $10 million in veteran debt. That's why they donate tens of thousands of dollars every month to help prevent veteran suicide. And that's why they just donated, donated $50,000 to Mike Rowe works providing scholarships to veterans, learning the trades after active duty. It's time to jump ship from Verizon at and t and T-Mobile. There's a better option. PureTalk gives you the same great coverage, America's most dependable 5G network for half the cost and you'll be helping our vets. It really is a win-win. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens today and switch to a company that invests in American jobs to better serve you. Again, go to PureTalk dot com slash owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month PureTalk America's wireless company.


All right, you guys, where am I at? Am I like on a total rant and have to go to comments? I did wanna mention this Nicole Scherzinger thing because it's been driving me crazy that she had to issue an apology for liking a Christ liking a hat that Russell brand shared on his Instagram. But it looks like I'm, I'm coming against time So I'm instead going to jump to your comments and see what you guys have to say for me. And I'll bump Nicole Scherzinger to tomorrow. I really do believe, by the way, that we should never be apologizing for saying Christ is king, as you may have found out this year. Okay, first up, we have someone that says, Candace, how did you become such a great speaker? This is, this is scad. Kuey writes, how did you become such a great speaker and be able to express your thoughts so clearly?


I aspire to be like you. I struggle a bit with the Sutter and English is my second language. Love you. Here's what I always tell people. Lean into whatever's naturally natural for you. I would say that for me, I have always liked public speaking. I've never been shy. I've always loved communication words, books from a time that I was very little, my sister, exact opposite. Absolutely can't stand communication, loves numbers, loves accounting. And I think that one of the problems with the education system is it tries to insist that everybody needs to be an expert at everything. It's good to know everything, but it isn't good to keep trying to force something that doesn't come naturally to you. And so there was, I didn't take a class I, I genuinely, from the time that I was little, I loved communication and I loved words and I fell in love with it.


But I would say that reading really helps. Reading books definitely helps. And I fell in love with books at a very young age and was reading books that were bigger than my head when I was six and seven years old. I was always reading whatever my mother was reading, even if it was like cheesy books that she got like Nora Roberts books that she got from CVS. I would be reading them when I was six or seven years old. So that would be my answer for you. Swo Monkey writes, I remember when Disney fired Gina Carrano for simply stating a historical fact. How does Rachel still have a job? That is a good, is so true. Gina Carrano got fired because they found out she was conservative. She wished harm on absolutely no one. And yet Rachel, they just keep sticking with and I'm not sure what the reason is.


I think probably because they didn't wanna lose out on their investment, but I don't see how how they can keep her anymore. You know, I don't get how you, I don't see how they can say they're the good guys and that they care about peace and love stories and their Disney while you keep someone on the payroll who speaks in the merit that she does about not half the country. The overwhelming majority of the country thinks this way. She's speaking about the overwhelming majority of the coun of the country simply because they don't believe in murdering your offspring as a top issue to vote on completely out of touch. Celebrity, they're a dime a dozen. 1, 2, 3 B, right? God bless you, Candace. Well done as usual.


Viva Cristo Re and Abe. Maria, thank you so much. Taum Wrights, they should have just made a new movie. The story is completely different. So why keep a title at all? Just make a different movie. I agree. When you get to the point where you're like, we're gonna remake the movie and by remake I mean it's gonna have nothing to do with the original movie. And in fact we're making it because we hate the original movie. We hate everything about the original movies. We're gonna make a new movie and we're gonna tell the first movie what's wrong with it. Everything is wrong with it. It's such an insult. I think even to the legacy of Walt Disney. Like why? Why do this? Who is running? I guess maybe it's Abigail Disney, she's a total whack job. Total whackadoodle, Disney's offspring, I it was granddaughter, whatever. Really not right in the head like most people are nowadays, especially when they're left-leaning.


Zia writes, have you completed your shot in the dark series on locals? I was able to see a couple of them and was wondering why I didn't see more. Yes. So we did have some issues getting the files, just compatibility issues. We got them and now we as promised dropped the first two episodes for free on locals. Now that we're so close to year end, we just think that we're gonna put the entire series up in January when I was telling you that we're building our platform in the background, which will eventually just be CandaceOwens dot com and it just, I feel like it's easier and it's cleaner. I don't love, like the technology of locals, the user experience is not really great and we just put so much work into the shot in the dark series that I want it to really live somewhere where people can get the quality that I think that it deserves.


And look, the timing will be perfect. By the time we get that website up, confirmation processes will start, Trump will have been inaugurated. So you just have to have to hang on for a few more weeks. I promise it's not gonna be that long. We'll blink and it'll be there, but I know that more and more women are gonna search for that series. And like I said, we even then did birth control. And If you thought that the history of vaccines was dark and everything was a lie, birth control will make you understand. I, I can't even there, there's not even a word for how evil big pharma is. The exactly what it sounds like, birth control, all of the stuff that's right there, how they got away with things, how the, I mean the FDA should just be abolished. That is really just a, a pay to play scheme.


Truly, it's unbelievable what they allowed at This has a FDA clearance. I tweeted the other day that I'm now at the stage of crunchy that when something is not FDA approved, I trust it more like I trust a product more. When I go to the farmer's market and they're like, yeah, here's this and that, not FDA approved. I'm like, give it to me, give it to me. The FDA is a problem. The CDC is a problem. It's all about making money. And they will, they will lie to parents. They will harm your children. I truly do believe that. And again, great day, RFK Junior is now going to be our health secretary. All right, you guys reminding If you wanna support the show, you can head to locals.com and support in whatever capacity you'd like to. You can also head to Club Candace dot com and you can get yourself some gear.


We're gonna be launching our Christmas store really soon. You're gonna absolutely love the Christmas store. It is great. Beyond that. As always, we are so grateful for you guys. We have really just enjoyed the freedom of this year, the first five months of the show. And we will see you guys tomorrow.