
All right guys. I don't know what to say. I guess nobody's allowed to have a weekend anymore. Everybody's cancel all your plans until the election because it, it just seems, I can't look at my phone anymore. I just, it's explosion. Something's happening. It, it is unbelievable. This political cycle has been unbelievable. When I say unbelievable I mean, you should not believe it. The things that are happening right now, they're like, oh, my Biden dropped out. and yeah, that's a really big announcement. But also there's a little piece of you that knows that all of this is a little fake and gay, right? Like, we know that we are not being told the truth. We've been talking about his mental faculties for four years now, and the Democrats now, oh, we saw the debate performance and now we realize it's performative. We're gonna cover what's happened, and then we're gonna talk about what's actually happened, and then what will happened, what will happen, what people think is going to happen and what's going on, of course, behind the scenes, because there are people that are maneuvering all of this, which we have been covering on the show again extensively for a very long time.


So, yes, Biden made a statement. He, he tweeted this, and by he tweeted this I mean, somebody else tweeted this. Obviously Biden has not been with us. He has not been conscious for four years. Okay? So he's not writing any of this. They used to call it a gaff. Another Biden gaff. Ha ha ha ha. That's so funny. Ah, he's just so cute. Isn't it a likable, he's eating ice cream. He's a lost grandpa. It's a gaff. Nope, it's a, a senior ci citizen who has been on the mental decline. It's why we have said that Jill Biden, his doctor wife, non-doctor wife, is arguably the most hideous first lady to have ever existed in American politics.


I actually believe that. and I would, I would say the world, but brae Macron is still a thing. and that is also not a lady. But let's get into Biden's statement tweeted this. My fellow Democrats, I have decided not to accept nomination and to focus all my energies on my duties as president for the remainder of my term, LOL. My very first decision as the party nominee in 2020 was to pick Kamala Harris as my vice president. And it's been the best decision I've made today. I want to offer my full support and endorsement for Kamala to be the nominee of our party this year. Democrats, it's time to come together and beat Trump. Let's do this. Thanks intern. Appreciate how we pulled that together. Then of course, he attached this letter to it. Over the past three and a half years, we have made great progress as a nation.


He goes on to say that America has the strongest economy in the world. I don't know where he's living. We've made historic investments that we've lowered prescription drug costs for seniors, and in expanding affordable healthcare to a record number of Americans. We've provided critically needed care to a million veterans exposed to toxic substances passed the first gun safety law in 30 years. Yeah, we don't want, like we, we, we understand our government is a threat. Like being excited about the fact that we're coming after your gun doesn't make me feel particularly good. We've appointed the first African American woman to the Supreme Court, yay. And she doesn't even know what a woman is, and passed the most significant climate legislation in the history of the world, also known as we're stealing your tax dollars and convincing you that we can impact the planet he is on underwrite.


America's never been better positioned to lead than we are today. And what he means is we're gonna need a World War real quick. 'cause things are getting real bad. And so we need a reset button. And what better way to reset than war with Iran and Russia, both, if we're lucky. Second paragraph res I know, none of this could have been done without you. The American people. Together, we overcame a once in a century pandemic, which was created by us, the government and I might be adding a little bit of lib here. I'm, I'm, I'm not reading it verbatim per se. I'm reading it as we're all reading it together. And the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression, which we likely caused to, we've protected and preserved our democracy by continuing to make people believe that there is a democracy.


Some people are diluted and are still buying into this illusion. And we've revitalized and strengthened our alliances around the world, meaning we are running a money laundering operation in Ukraine. And don't you dare ask a question about Israel or you're an antisemite. He writes, it has been the greatest honor of my life to serve as your president. That could be true, because he won't remember it. And while it has been my intention to seek reelection, I believe is in the best interest of my party and the country, for me to stand down and to focus solely on fulfilling my duties as president for the remainder of my term, which is his nice way of saying the CIA says, step aside. Cool. I will speak to the nation later this week. We're working on doses to see how much adrenaline they can get into my butt at once.


So I can get through a speech And, there will be more detail about my decision, the CIA's decision for now, let me express my deepest gratitude to all those who have worked so hard to see me reelected. I wanna thank Vice President Kamala Harris, who I secretly hate, and she hates me too, for being an extraordinary partner in all this work. And let me express my heartfelt appreciation to the American people for the faith and trust you have placed in me. I believe today what I always have, that there is nothing America can't do when we do it together, which is when the deep state makes decisions and we force you to go along with it. We just have to remember, we are the United States of America currently being occupied by a hostile party in charge.


Yeah, I added a little bit, but that I would say is pretty close to verbatim of the statement that he sent out. And here is what I already really hate about the speech, just right off the bat. And I know that so many of you guys can absolutely relate to this. It's just the fact that we are watching a play. We're watching actually, house of Cards. I don't remember what season it was, but I, I'm pretty sure this, this happened during House of Cards where a contested convention, and we all knew this was coming again, like I said, back in 2020. And I hate that There are people, there are actually people, and I say this with love in my heart, who are watching this as Democrats and going, wow, he did the right thing. Wow, what a brave man he is.


Just as soon as he realized that he was not in the best shape mentally, he made a sacrifice and he stepped down and he did the right thing. and that is why I am a Democrat today. Like somewhere in America that is going down right now, they're having that conversation. Democrat friends are texting people are that diluted. So back in 2021, we said, obviously these aren't gaffes. Biden does not have mental, fa mental faculties about him. We were called mean. We were bullying a senior citizen. We were those angry maggots as they were calling us, which, which became a word like maggots that were referred to as for people that supported maga. And we were calling this out. And the media instead used Covid to hide him to make it so that he never had to give any interviews.


And people believed that what we were saying was a conspiracy. That clearly there's something wrong with Joe Biden. How could you guys not see this? How, how could you buy the idea that these are all gaps? I mean early on in his campaign, he was getting lost on stage. Obama was walking him off stage guiding him. They would not let him go anywhere. And still they elected him. Like, what does that actually tell you? And of course, they're not voting for Biden in 2020. They were not voting for Biden, they were voting against Trump because they just hate him so much that they would rather invest in puppetry. They would rather go, I actually don't care. He is pulling the strings. I just wanna make sure that I don't ever have to look at Trump at all, like, like pretending that things were bad under Trump.


And so what annoys me about this is that there are people that are gonna pretend that this is natural, that they all just at once saw this happening. And right after the debate, they all made the decision to do the right thing. Where in reality, the decision was made before the debate to get rid of Biden. They signed up for the debate because they had made the decision to get rid of him. And as I have said to you guys, this is all now just a performance. It's a performance notoriously, by the way, George Clooney, the actor, remember he did the New York Times op-Ed, oh, calling for him to step down after debate performance. And then in that op-Ed, he lists this personal experience that he had at a fundraiser.


He said, this is just not the Joe Biden that I know. and I realized that he's in decline. Oh, you realized he was a mental decline. Why did you wait until after the debate to write this op-ed? Because you're literally an actor. You're a state actor. Your job is to do the bidding for the shadow government that is executing things to get behind the candidates. They tell you to get behind when exactly they tell you to get behind them. They all knew every person in the White House, the vice president, his wife, his children, everybody knew that Joe Biden has been in steep mental decline since before he even announced that he was running. He was just installed in 2020, quite literally just installed. But let's get into some of these fake responses from his fellow Democrats.


Everyone that's in the club, you know, the craziest Democrats who are a part of that system of power, who lie, they, they do the bidding of the state. Governor Whitmer, who quite literally cannot move her face. There is just so much inside of her. Like she, she, she looks terrifying. She's terrifying to look at. And we saw how terrifying she's as as an individual during, during Covid when she just took so much power and of course was involved in a plot, the FBI, trying to get people to plan her kidnapping so that they could get Trump supporters. Well, she tweeted this. President Biden is a great public servant who knows better than anyone what it takes to defeat Donald Trump, his remarkable work to lower prescription drug costs, fix the damn roads, bring supply chains, home, address climate change, and ensure America's global leadership.


Like what is she talking about? Show of hands right now in America, if you're like, well, the one thing I remember about the Biden presidency is that he really fixed the damn roads. Who's writing this stuff? Pete Buttigieg, not one to be left behind wrote this. Joe Biden has earned his place among the best and most consequential presidents in American history. Consequential All, right? Best presidents. I I just, I need to meet the person. I need to meet the Democrat voter who's looking at this going, yes, Joe Biden is the best president of my lifetime because he fixed the damn roads. I wanna meet you. I want you to reach out to me info at CandaceOwens dot com.


Tell me your story. I gotta get you on because I just, I need to just observe you Genuinely, just observe you. Pete just concludes with, I am so proud to serve under his leadership and thankful for his unwavering focus on what is best for our country. Now, of course, the Biden family is gonna have to make a statement, and I'll let you know if Jill Biden says something amazing about her toddler, because that's what this became in the end, you did show good, you went potty all by yourself. That that is how she was speaking to and about her husband publicly toward the end. Well, Naomi, his daughter, Naomi Biden, writes, I'm nothing but proud today of my pop, our president, Joe Biden, who has served our country with every bit of his soul and with unmatched distinction.


Now only has he been and will continue to be the most effective president of our lifetime. But he has likely already cemented himself as the most effective and impactful public servant in our nation's history. He has been at the center of and had a material impact on literally every single major issue that our country and world has faced for 50 years. Our world is better today in so many ways, thanks to him, to the Americans who have always had his back, keep the faith, he will always have ours. And yes, keep the faith says the Catholic family, that if they could terminate children in the womb at nine months, they would keep the faith. I'm just wondering which faith exactly are they wanting us to keep? There's, and by the way, I gotta know where's, where's Barack Obama right now?


He's gotta be reading this and just going, excuse me. At least the man Barack Obama could speak, right? You gotta give it to him. He was a great orator. One of the greatest orators I think in, in presidential history. He could sell salt to a slug, you know, he was lying to your face. But boy did Barack Obama make you feel good. You almost believed that he was a peaceful, he had a peaceful presidency. You didn't even know that he dropped more bombs in the Middle East than any president ever in the history of the United States because he, he was able to just sound cool. So he is gotta be reading this, the most effective president, the best president we've ever had, 50 years and just going, you guys let me know if we get any statements from Barack Obama.


'cause this is just, it is insulting to him. It is very insulting to Barack Obama. They are just doing way too much right here. And of course, the only person who is telling the truth about his presidency is Donald Trump. He gave a response instantly to CNN. He said this, he is the worst president in the history of our country. He goes down as the single worst president by far in the history of our country. Obama tweeted, oh, Obama has tweeted, I'm If. you guys could If you don't mind. Here we go. Here's Barack Obama has tweeted this. Joe Biden has been one of American's most consequential presidents. Hey, I agree with that. There will be consequences for the Joe Biden presidency as well as a dear friend and partner to me today.


We, we've also been reminded again that he's a patriot of the highest order. Here's my full statement. I love that because I don't feel he really lied in that tweet. He did the thing where he kind of gave us a nice feeling sentence, but didn't really actually say he was a good president, but he is a consequential one. And we can agree on that. Barack Obama, I'm not gonna read your en entire statement because you, you do tend to get a little long-winded, but you should be incredibly offended having looked at all of that. So of course, the big question now is what is going to happen? And I'm gonna tell you what's gonna happen. Here's what you can expect. Here is what they're going to tell you is going to happen. and I just am not so sure about Kamala Harris. But before we get to jumping into that process, I want to thank our sponsors.


you know, we need a prayer in general for this country. And if there's one way that you can jump into your prayer routine, stay consistent in your prayer routine, you can definitely use the Hallow app. That is my favorite prayer app. It is the number one Catholic app in the world, warm Catholics. I hope you guys didn't miss Mass today. I sure didn't. And it's an amazing app for any Christian that's looking to dive deeper into their prayer life. Hallow has thousands of prayers, meditations and music, including new contemplative and contemporary Christian radio that I can listen to anywhere, anytime this summer. Hallow has a number of powerful prayer challenges and scripture series that are coming up with biblical scholar, Jeff Cavins, Jonathan Ru, me from the chosen and even Jim Kiesel from the Sound of Freedom and Passion of the Christ. So do not lose your prayer habits this summer. You're going to need them given everything that is happening right now, but it'll help you maintain your peace and deepen your relationship with God. So download hello at Hallow dot com slash CANDACE and you will get three months free. Again, that is Hallow dot com slash Candace and you will get three months free.


All right guys, so what happens Now, that's the question. As I said, this is just house of cards and we're just barreling toward an open convention. Now, you might read, people say, well, Democrats have always had an open convention. Here's how it works. Obviously, he was the presumptive nominee. He had enough delegates and he was, it was basically just going to be, here you are, yes, we've already pledged delegates to you, but to make it official, we are going to do this at the Democratic National Convention that was, and it is still slated to take place August 19th through to August 22nd in Chicago. And as I said, because he had secured the necessary pledge delegates, he was just going to be formally elected. It was accepted he was going to be the nominee.


But now all of those delegates will get an opportunity to cast their ballots in an open convention for whichever candidate they want. They, they actually can just say, okay, well I, I was with Biden, but don don't know about Kamala. don don't really like Kamala by the way, as, as she says, these streets are talking, girl, these streets are talking and people just don't like Kamala across the board that say that Democrats are, are, are not fond of her. Black America is not fond of her. There's something about her that just comes across as extremely condescending and patronizing. And it is a well known thing that her and Biden's teams could not stand each other. So everything you're seeing again is performative. Oh, I could course pass Torch star.


He has to say that, by the way. No, even if he does not, and they are not planning and they are going to now put pressure on their delicate delegates to not vote for her. They of course had to say that he was going to pledge to support to her because if he didn't, well, there would be a contingent, I think I showed it you on a previous episode of black women in the Democrat party who were like, he ain't better be Kamala Harris. Or I'm gonna, and I'm, I'm not doing this, by the way, as a stereotype. This woman literally was thug life. Who was she speaking to? Guys? But that, like, who, who was she on when we showed that woman who was a delicate and she was just like delicate and she was like, I am not at all gonna deal with this. you know, we, she better be the next person if he sits down.


So they understand that it will look really bad if they do not lean in to saying that they really do want Kamala. But even that feels a bit performative to me. And I'll tell you why, because I'm starting to see articles creep out and they seem like attacks on Kamala again, if we can go into our time machine and go back to 2020, well, every time that someone tried to interject the truth about Kamala, which is that she slept her way to the top, it's a fact she was with some 6-year-old man, got her start in the political career and they would go, oh my gosh, how dare you say this? That's so sexist. Well then suddenly on July 6th, the Daily Mail actually published a headline about the fact that Kamala Harris was, you know, foing through life.


And they basically said she got her, her political star, her political upstart, because she was dating this guy Willie, can't think of his last name right now. And he was married and he was in his sixties. And Kamala Harris was just a spring chicken. and that is how she entered the political scene. So she was not somebody who was a part of their ecosystem, but they tapped her in 2020 because they were like, oh, like the thing that we always say is that look at the Republican party, it's so white and there's no diversity. And how are we going to be able to say that if we're running Joe Biden, who has been extraordinarily wealthy his entire life, and whose son is becoming extraordinary wealthy while smoking crack simply because he's doing dirty deals in Ukraine.


So what are we gonna do? We're gonna, we're gonna hire Kamala Harris. We're gonna, we're gonna select Kamala Harris to be the vice president and he's the only person I can think of. And then we can sell I know that when, when she was sworn into Congress, she was talking about how she's an Indian, but we'll just sell the people. Like forget the Indian side. Like now she's back to black and the streets are talking, ha ha ha ha and match. They did. So that is the only reason that Kamala Harris, they lit, literally did not have another person that they felt could be the vice president and allow them to use the isms. You don't like her, you're a sexist, you don't think that she's amazing. You're a misogynist, deep seated misogyny. You don't want this ticket to win, is it because Kamala Harris is black? Kind of, I feel like it is.


It's 'cause you're a racist. So they just needed her to do the thing. And now unfortunately, because they have realized, which they loved Biden, because Biden is just a shell, like he is, he will do and say whatever it is that they want him to say. and that is the ideal candidate. Somebody that is completely controllable, completely controlled, and somebody who they're covering his secrets. We know that we never got full answers and we never will get full answers on those weird text messages, which Twitter locked outta my account because they said it could revictimize someone between Hunter Biden and his parents talking about allegations of incest in his family. Okay? We will never get clear answers about Ashley Biden's journal where she said explicitly that she was sexualized, she thinks in part early because she took showers with her father that none of that is normal.


They, the media completely buried this. They first said that the laptop wasn't real and somehow it worked. And you had these alluded Democrats that were like, this is Russian misinformation. And they waited years and they're like, oh yeah, all of it's real, but we hope we don't remember those little tidbits about incest and, you know, potential incest and Ashley Biden's diary and said, we're gonna knock down James O'Keefe's door because he was in possession of the diary somehow and he never published it and we're just gonna intimidate people for talking about it. That's kind of what happened in case you forgot. And so, as I was saying, what what we have now is they wanted that family, the Biden family to be in office because they're a part of the in crowd, a dirty secret crowd. People that they can control. Kamala not so much, but it became untenable.


The situation became entirely untenable because he quite literally, they realized, cannot speak. That's not, you don't need that. You need a, you need a shell, but the shell's gonna be able to talk just a little bit, just a couple of sentences here, And there. And he can't do it right? So they at some point months ago made the decision that we're gonna have to get rid of him, but we wanna wait until we're close to the convention so that we can select who we want. I personally think they want a Governor Whitmer. I personally think that they want a Gavin Newsom. They do not want Kamala Harris. And so this convention is going to get interesting. I'm not vying all of this rhetoric of everyone saying I am, I stand with her. They have to say that. And then I think some calls are gonna be made. I, I think it is entirely plausible that they put somebody else in there that they actually want and can control because Kamala is a little bit uppity.


And what I mean by that is she has an attitude and she gets stubborn and she has not been as malleable as a Biden or a Clinton type person would be. So keep your eyes and keep your eels peer ears peeled because there is more drama. As I said, no one's sleeping until November. Okay, so bring us, bring a sleeping bag, guys. We're just gonna stay live until November. That's pretty much what's going on here. and I wanna get into the last couple of statements made by Biden and so we can really just examine where we're at and remember everything that's gone on, it's important to remember how ridiculous this show is that we're watching. 'cause it is a show. It's all performative.


Before we do that, I wanna thank our other show sponsor at PreBorn. You guys know I love them PreBorn. They're doing the Lord's work. Literally, we know what Planned Parenthood is doing. Speaking of Joe Biden and his fake Catholicism, we know that they want millions of babies to be killed. Aborted just in 2023 alone, it was the highest amount of abortions since 2012. That's a, that's an insane thing to think about. The overturning of Roe only made them more ravenous for blood. Somehow, as they were saying, we're not gonna able to get abortions. They just, I guess were getting abortions just to show that they could I mean this is, this is real evil that we're speaking about here. And so when they are screaming for abortions, we need to do something to fight these people. If they are demonic, this is child sacrifice. And what we can do, something that we, you and I can do is lock arms with PreBorn, the largest pro-life organization in the country that sponsors ultrasounds for clinics in the highest abortion areas. Because when a mother considers an abortion and yet hears her baby's heartbeat on that ultrasound, that baby's chance at life more than doubles everyday PreBorn rescues 200 babies lives, which is an absolute miracle. By the time I finish this ad, two more babies will have been taken by this tragedy. Just $28 could be the difference between life and death. So please join the fight by sponsoring 1, 2, 3, or 200 ultrasounds. All gifts are tax deductible. To donate dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or visit PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That is PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Alright people, now let's just do a trip down memory lane because like I said, it's just been a joke and we've just been being called conspiracy theorists for four years. This was the night that they wanted to essentially create a psychological reaction. This was Operation Mockingbird. So everyone on the CIA's payroll was told the debate performance is gonna happen. And then you're all gonna say the same thing. Remember the word panic? There's panic, there's panic, there's panic. I was like, okay, you're, you're all just being handed the same talking point. You can't even switch up the words like there's confusion because the debate book performance, and this really was the moment, the clip that was seen around the world and it was Trump saying what we were all saying, which was, eh, I didn't, I don't think I understood what he quite said.


Take a look at this. Continue to move until we get the total ban on the, the, the, the total initiative relative to what we're gonna do with more border patrol and more asylum officers. President Trump. I really don't know what he said at the end of that sentence, don don't think he knows what he said either. Look, Yep. Nobody knew what he said, but we hadn't been knowing what he was saying for like four years. So I don't know why that was particularly interesting for some people. Alas, it was. And like I said, then the media did the rounds and pr, just the Rachel Maddow, she's really just an actress. Like if Rachel Maddow was not M-S-N-B-C, she could have been on Glee, but I don't think she can sing. So she's just inside M-S-N-B-C and they're all like this and going, oh, I'm hearing there's panic.


I don't, I don't know what that performance was. I am not gonna mince words. And then of course, the Democrats who actually watched this stuff or watching M-C-M-M-S-N-B-C going, oh my trusted Matt. Ow. Oh, she's telling, she's telling us the truth. It's the hard truth. We're already to accept it because these people are in fact sheep. And of course we fast forward and the most insane thing in, in which we still do not have any answers for, right? So don't allow this situation to make you forget that they are already trying to memory hole what happened the night that Trump nearly lost his life. Okay? That was an assassination attempt on the president. We still have no details beyond about the shooter's parents.


We still don't have answers. We don't even know what kind of a gun was fired at him. We don't really even know where the shell cases are. I mean basic questions about what went down that night had not been answered. There's been zero follow up. and I think that's part of the chaos. They want everything to be chaotic and they just wanna move on because Trump was supposed to die that night. And of course when that happened, there was essentially silence in the White House, I think because they thought it was gonna die. And I have to tell you guys, like tomorrow's episode later this week, somebody reached out to me and said, Candace, you should really look into the person who caught that photo, the Pulitzer Prize winning photographer who caught that photo because he just seems to be at a lot of really important historical events. and I'm wondering if he always travels with the Trump campaign to catch photos and obscure rallies in Pennsylvania.


I like that tidbit. I'll be investigating it. But anyways, we were waiting for our resident Biden to respond to it as everybody was live. Everybody was speaking about the assassination attempt and all he could muster was a two minute speech. And this was it. Take a listen. Thanks for coming folks. I've been thoroughly briefed by all the agencies in the federal government as a situation based on what we know now. I have tried to get ahold of Donald, he's with his doctors, they apparently he's doing well. I plan on talking to them shortly. I hope when I get back to the telephone, look, there's no place in America for this kind of violence.


It's sick. It's sick. It's one of the reasons why we have to unite this country. We cannot allow for this to be happening. We cannot be like this. We cannot condone this. And so, and I want to thank the Secret Service and all the agencies, including the state agencies that have been engaged in making sure that the people who, and we have more detail to come relative to other injury, other people may be injured in the audience. I don't have all that detail. We'll make that available to you. I may be able to come back a little later tonight, but we will put out a statement if we don't, if I'm not able to get, if it's not convenient for you all. But the bottom line is that the Trump rally is a rally that he should have been able to be conducted peacefully without any problem.


But the idea, the idea that there's political violence or violence in America, like this is just unheard of. It's just not appropriate. And we, everybody, everybody must condemn it, everybody, I'll keep you informed. And if I am able to speak to the to Donald, I'll, I'll let you know that as well. But so far it appears he's doing well, number one. Number two, that there's thoroughly investigating what happened to anyone else in the audience. I have, we have some reports, but not final reports. And every agency in the federal government, I'll be, and I'm going back to, to my phone to speak with the federal agencies that are being put together again to give me an updated briefing.


As anything happened, they learn anymore in the last couple hours. So thank you very much. and I, hope I get to speak to 'em tonight and I'll get back to you if I do. Okay, Mr. Present, do You think there was an assassination attempt? I don't know enough to, I I have, I have, I have an opinion, but I don't have any facts. So I. Wanna make sure we have all the facts before I make some comment? Any more comments? Thank you. Yep. We dunno, as a fact, if, you know, when someone tries to shoot a former president, we don't know for a fact whether or not assassination attempt, some people just shoot for fun at former presidents. I in better hope that it's not true because I mean what absurdity, obviously if bullets are being fired at a former sitting president, it is because somebody is trying to kill them.


But that was all we got from him that night. And a lot of things have been weird. Again, a lot of unanswered questions about the presence, even I think a, B, C news. All these organizations who have never run Trump rallies live were suddenly ing it live as if they like I we were all supposed to be watching it. And the official, by the way, reason that they've given, because people are asking, Hey, you don't normally do this. Why, why were you there? Why was this person there? Why were you guys all airing at Pennsylvania rally? And they said, well, because we thought that he might invite, that he might announce his vp. What? There was absolutely no indication given that he would would in randomly like announce, pardon, announce his VP in Pennsylvania. But that's kind of the excuse that they're giving right now. And again, like I said, we don't know much, but I intend to look into it.


But that was Biden that night in, in this emergency search circumstance, that was his calming message that he didn't even know whether or not it was an assassination attempt. And of course he implies like, I'm not staying up to find out because he's sleepy and he's a, he is a very sleepy person. He is always sleeping, is what we're told. He's always in Delaware because he has significantly slowed down and they just kept gaslighting us and pretending that that was not the circumstance thereafter. And we can cut now to his unifying speech that he gave. And this, these, by the way, are the last words that we have from Joe Biden before he catches a mean dose of his favorite thing to have when he doesn't wanna talk to anybody. And he's not, when basically his handlers are saying you're not allowed to speak.


They always give him a covid excuse. But before we get there, this will have been the last speech. And he gave the speech from the Oval Office at his desk just a couple of days after when he was able to confirm that yes, the person who shot at Donald Trump was in fact trying to assassinate him. Take a listen. My fellow Americans wanna speak to you tonight about the need for us to lower the temperature in our politics and to remember while we may disagree, we are not enemies, we're neighbors, we're friends, coworkers, citizens, and most importantly, we're fellow Americans. We must stand together. Yesterday's shooting at Donald Trump's rally in Pennsylvania calls on all of us to take a step back, take stock of where we are, how we go forward from here.


Thankfully, former Trump is not seriously injured. I spoke to him last night, I'm grateful he's doing well. And Jill and I keep him and his family and our prayers we're also extend our deepest condolences to the family of the victims who was killed. Corey was a husband, a father, a volunteer firefighter, a hero, sheltering his family from those bullets, we should all hold his family and all those injured in our prayers. Earlier today I spoke about an ongoing investigation. We do not know the motive of the shooter yet. We don't know his opinions or affiliations. We don't know whether he had help or support or if he communicated with anyone else.


Law enforcement professionals, as I speak, are investigating those questions. Tonight I want to speak to what we do know, a former president was shot, an American citizen killed while simply exercising his freedom to support the candidate of his choosing. We cannot, we must not go down this road in America. Is it just me? Do you guys feel like we're watching Saturday night Live skin of somebody pretending to be the president there? It's, there is nothing authentic. And this is again, why they had to remove him because there just are, there are not enough drugs to inject into somebody's butt to make it seem as though he is clear thinking there's just not enough drugs. We don't, we don't make those drugs yet.


Okay? And so they made the decision that he had to go, they tried to get him to pull it together there to look presidential. He still has this far away lost look in his eye. We started seeing the writing on the wall, of course when MSBC was bringing on doctors and suddenly they were leaking things that they've known for years. New York Times, oh, it turns out there's a Parkinson's, Parkinson's disease doctor that's visited him eight times. Oh my gosh, we just figured this out. No you didn't. Just figure this out. You guys are in arm of the state. Please stop treating the public like we're stupid, okay? Least of all the people who did not vote for vote, Joe Biden have been calling us out for years. Stop treating us like we're conspiracy theorists. Obviously this man has been suffering. we can see this in the way that he falls over going up Air Force one just casually falls over.


He is losing his gait. And again, normal, under normal circumstances, we would feel very bad and people were saying this, we're like, Ken, you know, just feel so bad for him. But no, you shouldn't feel bad for him because it's evil what he is doing, okay? It is evil and it is selfish. And in 2020 when he knew that he was going in and out, they made a decision behind closed doors that he was the best suited person. And they didn't care. They were like, just, it doesn't matter. We have all the power, we have all the money, and we will make this happen again. Democracy is an illusion. So no, I don't feel bad. Stop telling me to feel bad, feel bad for yourselves, feel bad for us, okay? Because this is a person who has been pretending to lead the nation. While they continually tell us that the threats are all around us, they're, oh, it's Russia, it's this.


No, the threat is the deep state government. The, the, the threat is on the homeland. Okay? So anyways, I wanna give you guys a couple of updates there. So then thereafter, actually let, just to get to the end here, then they tell us he has covid because then that allows him to disappear and nobody can ask any questions and he doesn't have to, you know, keep waking up and trying to get through these teleprompter speeches and trying to remember not to say the little end phrase that says end quote. He says it all the time, right? He's like reading the teleprompter and he's like, I really want to say to the American people that things are going to be okay. End quote. I she him off. Yay. Gosh, it is bad guys, it is really bad.


So they gave him the, the fake covid and then he disappeared. And then that's when they said, okay, we can't keep us up any longer. We, we knew this, that we were gonna do this. And the convention's now close enough that nobody can run against him and we can just kind of make it a crazy convention. And here we are today. And by the way, just, I also wanna show you this clip. Remember then they were trying to dilute us because now they wanted to all pretend they were his friends. That his covid was almost just like the assassination attempt. I, do you remember this? Was it Joy Reed and Jen Psaki? Do we have that clip? Yes. Let's, let's run that. Here's the question that I have on that. These two men are both elderly. Donald Trump is an elderly man who for whatever reason was given nine seconds to take a iconic photo op during an active shooter situation.


Weird situation. We'll figure that out one day. But his survival of that and, and bouncing right back and going right to his convention is being conveyed in the media world as a sign of strength. This current president of the United States is 81 years old and has COVID, should he be fine in a couple of days? Doesn't that convey exactly the same thing, that he's strong enough older than Trump to have gotten something that used to really be fatal to people his age. So if he does fine out of it and comes back and is able to do rallies, isn't that exactly the same? It it should I mean it's not exactly the same. It's not same incident, but it's all, it's an elderly man coming through out of an illness.


It should. I just don't understand how these people have jobs. It's just incredible, isn't it Exactly the same thing. Like if he comes out of Covid and he's, and he's fine, shouldn't that be uniting enough for the people when we give him a fake diagnosis, we lock him down at his house, tell him he can't leave, and then we bring him back. It's the exact same thing as everyone watching Trump get shot, live in his ear and then showing up a couple of days later at the RNC. It's exactly the same thing again, who is the intended audience for this foolishness? I need to know. Send me an email if that's you. Send me an email. I wanna meet you. I wanna know you, I want to know how your brain gets so severely impacted because that's what it's, it's gotta be a, like a, a brain trauma that could lead some people to believing that that rhetoric is sensible.


Okay? It's, it's utterly mind bogglingly stupid. So what do we have going on right now guys? Couple of alive up updates. President Joe Biden's announcement apparently was not told to his campaign aids, it was not told to other people that were working on the campaign who up until this afternoon were insisting that he was gonna stay into the race. Many of them, including some senior aides, first found out that that was no longer the case by reading the letter that Biden post on X, because obviously he's not running his campaign. you know it, one of the things I got to stand on the ground when Eva was running was how involved he was speaking to them, coaching them, telling them You know what they wanted to do, what they thought they could accomplish in Iowa, right? Do you think the people working on his campaign ever see him?


Maybe he's done one thing where he is walked out and read the teleprompter and said, thank you so much for being here. We have to beat Trump. End quote. and that was probably it. So yeah, of course they're not getting any communication because these decisions are not being made by Biden. So why would he need to talk speak to these people. But yeah, that's a bit frustrating. One person said quote, we're all finding out by tweet, none of us understand what is happening. That person opted to stay anonymous after giving that reaction. Well guys, I'll tell you who is on this immediately. and that is the apparatus of people that are supporting Donald Trump, namely a super pac, which as we all knew this was gonna happen, already had an ad aimed at Kamala Harris putting together all of her failures so that they could immediately just get it ready to run.


And before we show you that ad though,


I do wanna thank our last sponsor Nimmi. You guys are gonna love this because all women always Look, what do you use on your face to wash your face? and I am so excited to tell you guys about Nimmi. I love it. and I am I because it is just a clean brand and it is a very simplified daily routine. I'm actually gonna show you guys an Instagram at some point, but Brighton Protect, you can fight all the signs of aging. They have a luxurious skincare for all skin types and they have toners, moisturizers, serums and more. and I, what I love actually is that they have the number steps in the back. 'cause I hate when you have all these polish and you're like, wait, what am I supposed to do first? Am I supposed to tone whatever? And they make it super easy. The best part of course is like I, I'm super organic and the products are free from fragrance and other chemicals that may disrupt your skin's natural microbiome. So they are hardcore, they celebrate faith, family freedom. They proudly support Christian conservative causes. They're not doing, you know, the thing where they pretend to be left-leaning so they can get into the right market. They stand against all those progressive beauty companies and that that back all the anti-American stuff. And their products are therefore made here in the USA. So take Nimmi skin quiz today to find the perfect routine curated to your exact skin type nimmi. Again, NIMI. They also have a subscription service. So you can save big that way and also ensure that you have the right products that are consistent. So sign up for a subscription, you'll save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% using code Candace at checkout. You also will free receive a free gift on every third order. Nimmi is also donating 10% of proceeds to the victims in Butler, Pennsylvania. So visit nimmi skincare.com, that's NIMI skincare.com to elevate your routine with America's skincare company. Or you can simply click the link that we're gonna put in our bio.


I guess I'll say this end quote. There we go. Because I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna miss that actually. I'm totally going to miss that. Okay, so now let's watch this. Let's watch what they have already rolled out. The MAGA Incorporated is an American super PAC that supports obviously President Donald Trump. And here's what they already had locked and loaded and ready to go take a watch. Kamala was in on it. She covered up Joe's obvious mental decline. Our President is in good shape in good health. Tireless, vibrant and I have no doubt about the strength of the work that we have Done. But Kamala knew Joe couldn't do the job. So she did it. Look what she got done. A border invasion, runaway inflation, the American dream dead.


They created this mess. They know Kamala owns this failed record. What? No, what are you kidding? Did they not see Governor Witmer's statement? Did they not see all the statements? This is the, he's the greatest President Biden was. How could they do this? How could MAGA do this? No, he paved the damn roads. We're just saying whatever. Now look, thanks to Joe Biden. We have paved damn roads. As someone said earlier, I don't, I don't know what America they're living in, but we're just going, going with that. And so I'm not happy about that ad man. I am just not happy about those MAGA people lying about stuff.


So he's the greatest president ever, ever. Even though we basically never saw him. What else do we have? A couple of more updates for you. Trump on truth social wrote this crooked Joe Biden was not fit to run for president and is certainly not fit to serve and never was. He only attained the position of President by lies fake news and not leaving his basement. All those around him, including his doctor and the media, knew that he wasn't capable of being president and he wasn't. And now Look what he's done to our great country. I had a great there. It felt very Trump-like with millions of people coming across our border, totally unchecked and embedded. Many from prisons, mental institutions and record number of terrorists. We will suffer greatly because of his presidency. We'll remedy the damage she has done very quickly.


Make America great again. Love that, love that. And then we have Alex Soles, by the way, in case you're looking for like a a political marriage. Imagine if they put her in as president. What's her name? Oh, ooh. With who was married to the weird petal vibes person. Uma Uma Aberdeen Abbadon. She just got engaged to Alex Soros. Did you guys see that? Yeah. And yeah, Alex Soro cited tweet because somehow he, he views himself as an important enough person to tweet about this. He wrote, it's time for us all to unite around Kamala Harris and beat Donald Trump. She's the best and most qualified candidate. We have long lived the American Dream Harris 2024. And we have of course Bill and Hillary Clinton because I mean it.


We're not having a good Democrat time unless it's Bill and Hillary Clinton. Where were their, did they make some comments by the way, after Trump was the assassination attempt of Trump, did they make a statement? Did Hillary Clinton ever make a statement? Where was she on the night that Donald J. Trump was almost shot? and I'm implying anything. I just would like to know where she was. That's all I'm saying. Anyways, they have endorsed Kamala. This was posted onto Hillary's Instagram. President Biden has capped his extraordinary career of service for the presidency that has lifted America. I can't read these lies anymore. It's making me, I went to Latin mass this morning. I'm not trying to just like read lies like this anymore. And it's just the, the vibe I can can't lie, I'm sorry. Just assume she wrote a big, long statement about everything that President Biden has accomplished.


She didn't talk about the damn roads like somebody else did. 'cause someone else thinks he paved the damn roads for us. He certainly has not. But then she takes unnecessary stab at Trump. So we'll get to that. We've lived through many up and downs, but nothing has made us more worried for our country than the threat pose by a second Trump term. She said unabashedly after Trump quite literally had a, like a threat on his life and someone tried to kill him. She then wrote, Trump has promised to be a dictator on day one and the recent ruling by his survival Supreme Court will only embolden him to further shred the Constitution. Now is a time of support Kamala Harris and fight with everything we've got to elect America's future Depends on it again. Could you guys it up?


Did she ever give a statement about Trump's assassination attempt? No. Like I, I don't remember that. That would be wild if she didn't. I'm by the way don don't know. I'm asking this lie because I just don't remember that in the chorus of people who wrote something about it. don don't remember Hillary Clinton being high up on the list. Which would be interesting to say the least. And we do have a statement from JD Vance as well. He wrote, Joe Biden has been the worst president in my lifetime. And Kamala Harris has been right there with him every step of the way over the last four years. She co-signed Biden's open border and green scam policies that drove up the cost of housing and groceries. Ah yes. That is the America that I believe we're living in. She owns all of these failures and she lied nearly four years about Biden's mental capacity.


Saddling the nation with the president who can't do the job. President Trump and I are ready to save America. Whoever's at the top of the Democrat ticket, bring it on. I like it. I like it guys. And there's just more statements pouring in. We've got Elizabeth Warren, we've got RFK and they're all kind of, you know, Obama obviously I told you has given a full statement, but we, we get it. The moral of the story is predictive programming is real. We obviously all knew this was going to happen before the debate. We were saying that he's not going all the way because they need to swap him out. And we were called conspiracy theorists and we were called liars. And now it seems like we're just shortening the amount of time between the conspiracy theory and the event proving the conspiracy theory to be true. Which is why I'm gonna apologetic about being a conspiracy theorist. I just don't care.


Yeah, don't care. Built different. Call me a conspiracy theorist. I'm just tired of the days of our lives of performance that is going on the soap opera. 'cause that's what this is. So in case you're like, this is like crazy. It's actually not that crazy. It's a soap opera that is meant to delude the remaining people who still have faith in our American institutions. and I am certainly not one of these people. I recognize that we are fighting real evil All. Right guys, I'm gonna jump and read some of your super chats before we jump out of here. We have good vibrations. I like that. That's fun. Candace the media is touting Kamala to being a woman and mixed race as qualifying her to be the president. They've learned nothing from their mistake of diversity, inclusion and secret service agents.


Yes, they of course, like I said, that is the reason that they installed her in the first place. They never liked her. She wasn't a part of the IT club. They find her to be kind of annoying. She's actually not intelligent. She says very stupid stuff all the time. By the way, it's amazing. Me, So I was like, yeah, this is so stupid. I'm like, If, you think that Kamala Harris is smart and I am stupid. You basically have to vote Democrat I know that for a fact. And I don't even hate Democrats, by the way. I shouldn't say that because I know a lot of Democrats watch this show. I'm talking about the far left and the people who just cannot recognize what is happening to this once great country A Margo writes literally the plot of an entire season of Homeland. Yeah. And House of Cards.


That's why I say it's just predicted programming. They're just telling us what they're going to do. And it doesn't even matter. iMac writes Biden's cr speech aside. we can only hope that as men, fathers and husbands, we rise to the level of bravery and selflessness as Corey Comparatory rose to if she, if the need ever arises. Absolutely true. And it was horrific to see people that were mocking the fact that that firefighter and that father passed away. you know, that he died that night, he was killed. And. there is so much more that should be said and many things that should be done. And it's honor. By the way, I hope everybody If you donate if you're, you're donating in his honor because we, we should give to causes that mean to him. I actually haven't even seen anybody put up, I would love to just donate to his family.


So let me know, If you guys, if there is a way or capacity to do that because I'd love to share that. David writes Candace, I've always been curious about Trump dating Princess Diana. It's a shame. Her government had her killed. Have you researched these things? I have not researched either. I didn't even know that Trump was dating Princess Diana. So that was, that was shocking for me. I don't know if that's true, David, but I read your comment. Anyway, love from Australia. Thank you so much. Anne Marsh. Chase writes, Hey Candace, I can't believe how biased I was against Muslims because of the media after October 7th. Thanks for calling me out. You are a hero. You're very welcome. I just think it's crazy. It's like repeating nine 11 and they're just conditioning us to think that it's totally fine and permissible to just keep bombing Muslims like we, like. We haven't just been bombing Muslims for decades and we're not bombing them or us into prosperity So.


it is a little bit ridiculous. Joe Sellers writes, God bless you Candace. You're doing great work for God and his church. Thank you for your honesty and spreading truth. Abe Maria. Hey Candace, you should watch. Everything is a rich man's trick. It's about J the JFK assassination. So good. Yes, you'll If. you wanna know when there will be an indication that our country has been freed because we're obviously occupied by evil forces who are doing nothing to make our lives better and only working in every capacity to further enslave us via technology and biometrics and scanning. And you know, every piece of legislation that has passed through for our safety. The marker of knowing when we have been freed from these evil forces is when they look us in the face and tell us who killed JFK and admit it was them.


Until that day. I just, I'm just not, I'm not here for it. Future goat writes, Kamala is one of the most unlike politicians ever. I think Gavin will be their nominee. That is the, my suspicion is that they have to say Kamala and then there's going to be something that takes place and some articles about Kamala. She's just not well liked by anybody. And she is particularly, has a way of communicating that just makes you really not like her. I mean that BET performance, like on these streets. It's just, it's just so patronizing and so ridiculous. This person writes, do you know Brandon House? Nope. I do not know him at all. This person writes, Candace cracks me up.


Thank you. Future, go. Thank you, Kristen. Thank you Joe. And this person writes, can the creator communicate directly to our family and friends, whether they're here or not? Can we just ask the creator to tell them what we are saying? I say yes and no smartphone can do that. I'm not sure what that is about, but that person's name was, guess who. Lastly, you guys Rose. Emily, thank you. Mado Music. Thank you Kelsey Wade. Thank you. Kay Khar. Thank you. Tay Wilson. Thank you. Joshua Williams. Thank you. Florent Bure. Thank you. Amber Glow. Thank you so much for all the compliments, scripture shores. I hope I'm doing all of this right. Old geezer. Thank you. I like that old geezer, Daniel Bigelow. Thank you.


And just jumping into live chat here guys. So thank you so much for joining us live. Again, like I said, this should be big news and I guess in a way, it is big news, but it's just big news that every single conspiracy theory out, it just gets proven true in the end. So invest in conspiracy theories, guys. If If, you wanna know what is happening. And my producer was saying that the Clinton's released a statement about Trump's assassination attempt. They did. It's put it in the screen. Okay? So we can fact check that they did release a statement, but we cannot know exactly where Hillary Clinton was on the night that Donald J. Trump was shot at. And so we, that's something we can't do.


and I'm here to tell the truth. I can neither confirm nor deny whether Hillary Clinton was there that night. That's all we've got for you guys today. We will see you tomorrow.