
Alright guys, well I am very pleased to announce that it's finally over. It's finally dead and over because of Blake. Lively, the actress, she has personally come down and ended modern feminism for me. And she did this by just being a modern feminist, also known as just generally being unbearable in today's world. We're gonna talk about that. Plus we have Rabbi Schmoley. Yes, my friend or foe, he's back in the news because he's apparently filed, I'm not kidding, I'm not kidding guys. An FBI report against me. I'm, I'm gonna go to prison for a very long time. And another funny news, the DNC happened. Let's talk about that. That's what we have coming up on Candace.


Alright, so if you've been a follower of the show, a follower of me You know that there are about 1,000,012 reasons why I hate modern feminism. I speak against it the entire time. Every little modern feminist movie that comes around, it just feels fluffy. It's like air. I mean my general thesis is that what modern feminist, modern feminism party is, pardon is, is an army of spoiled brats who have never lived through anything at all in their entire lives. And. so they sort of create this fantasy that they're a part of some cosmic struggle. I'm a modern feminist and I'm struggling against this or that. And if I'm trying to be a bit more thoughtful about why they do that, why you have these individuals who have literally perfect lives and they feel this need to problematize their perfect lives.


I think it's because inside of everybody there is this human need to believe that you have triumphed over some adversity, over some obstacle in your life. So what happens when your life is perfect? It becomes very difficult to satisfy that need. Da da modern feminism is born and of course I know you guys hate me for this 'cause so many people love her and that's fine, you can love her, you can bop her music. But I believe the icon of that sort of feminism is in fact Taylor Swift. No doubt about that. And So it is kind of saying something that her best friend is Blake Lively and she is currently under a media assault because suddenly people are realizing that she's maybe not a nice person at all.


So I'm gonna run you through the background of what's going on and why it matters. First and foremost. To start with Blake Lively herself, she grew up incredibly wealthy in a very well-to-do neighborhood. As they say, both of her parents were actors also. One of them doubled as a director, the other one doubled as a talent manager. She basically says that she grew up on set. So she's had this sort of la fabulous life. She's got a famous sister who I actually like her movies better. You remember Teen Witch like you know that that movie from a long time ago, that was her sister Robin Lively that starred in that. So her life is great. Her life has been amazing forever. And she's currently on tour right now promoting her new movie, which is entitled, it Ends With Us. And people are learning via various interviews that she and her co-star, a guy named Justin Bani actually sort of maybe hate each other.


And this is also coming out because of some leaks that have drawn attention to this apparent rift. TMZ reported that Blake Lively has told people that there were multiple reasons that Justin Balani made her feel uncomfortable. It's a feminist buzzword, uncomfortable on set of it ends with us. What do you think he did Justin? He would say something mean to her. Well, sources with direct knowledge tell TMZ that there was this scene that they had to film right? And in the scene Justin has to lift Blake into the air and apparently Justin has a history of back problems. So before he lifted Blake, he went onto his set, he met with his onset trainer, pardon?


And asked how much does Blake weigh? 'cause he has back issues. So he's just trying to figure out like if he lifts her, is he going to reinjure his back? Now he didn't go up and ask her this, he just asked his trainer, which would've been the appropriate person to ask that question so he could figure out how to train and to protect his back from any injury. Well, Blake later found out about Justin's comment and he, she felt that he completely fat shamed her. Sorry that that tension was just in the air. How dare you try to protect your own back. You just go into it, lift me and see what happens. And If, you gotta get a surgery and go on pills after that for pain. Oh well too bad. I wanna be clear here. Blake beefing with her co-Stars is a very common thing over the years for people that grew up on Gossip Girl, that was kind of where she had her big break so to speak.


You'll recall that her and her co-star latent Meer, despite the, the fact that they were on screen best friends actually offscreen were not friends at all. And it was because allegedly Blake Lively had a difficult personality, which was reinforced when actor Arm Hammer notoriously got fired from the Gossip Girl team after playing the role of Blake Lively's love interest because he referred to her while they were apparently filming this dinner scene, he allegedly referred to her in front of the entire cast, just said that she was a massive bitch And. So they fired him. They were just like, yeah, you can't speak to her like that. That's probably fair. Like you can't really speak to somebody like that. It's not fair.


Anyways, but was he trying to say something? Maybe then it was reported that in her movie, A Simple Favor where where she starred alongside Anna Kendrick that they were also not friends and that basically the directors and producers of the film had to tell them to pretend to be friends for the press events. 'cause it was coming across that, you know, these two obviously don't like each other and they still are not friends. Okay, So I just wanted to give you that general background is that she's kind of known to not get along with people. Now the reason for that, if you're a feminist you go, oh, maybe she's just standing up for herself because that's what she has told people in interviews. She's opened up about the fact that she struggles for equality.


All the struggles that she faces on behalf of trying to stand up as a woman. Here's a direct quote, she said, as a woman, you're afraid of a label that you may acquire by demanding fair treatment for yourself that You know that you've earned. And when she means that she's struggling for fair treatment, in another interview she once opened up that, you know, she's raising her daughter with the right idea. She has a young daughter and her and Ryan Reynolds also an actor decided in their household to refer to Bugs as she and her instead of he and him. I'm being a hundred percent legitimate there, they had decided to refer to Bugs as he and her because I mean she and her because you obviously could see how a little girl could then think don don't know, like are all bugs guys and that's not the right idea.


So they've decided to engender all of the bugs as she and her. And I'm just wondering like, is that good feminism? I don't know because in my house we kind of squish bugs. So maybe she's just thinking, she's just got a stomp on a woman to get ahead because her family has told her to refer to bugs as she and her And. so that's what I mean when I just say just a general background of modern feminism just being unbearable like that. If I was at someone's house and they were like, please refer to the bugs as she and her, I just would be like, I don't really think I wanna do that or I or be here And. So it's happened and now you get to, to watch this. 'cause a lot of that is innuendo, okay? You're placing things together. People are saying she's not nice, but of course nobody's gonna come out in Hollywood and outright say that she's awful. But you're not going to be able to watch her in an interview because what's happened is that this Norwegian journalist named Kirsty Flaw has come out and said, you know, a lot of people have been speaking about this behind the scenes.


And I wanna say that Blake Lively was so awful to me when I've interviewed her that she made me wanna reconsider my career for asking her basic questions. So here's just the first part of that interview. It's Blake Lively alongside her co-star two th in 2016. Her CoStar's name is Parker Posey and they were filming this 1930 period drama and Kirsty just wanted to ask Blake Lively a question about, you know, First and foremost Blake Lively was pregnant while she was filming this. So she opens up with just like a, a nice compliment about her cute little bump. Take a listen. First of all, congrats on your little bump. Congrats on your little bump.


What about my bump? You've got you two nice ones. And these, they are kind of bumps, aren't they? No, Not bumps. The lovely lady lumps. Check it out. Thank you. Thank you. You like the movie? Are you Woody Allen fan? I love Most of his movies. And this one was so like visually amazing. Yeah, it's gorgeous. So that's just a start. It's gonna get so much worse. But I just wanted to let You know that she's already kind of like, Ooh, why are you asking me about my bump? Like how dare you do that as if this woman meant any harm in it. Just like she looks cute, she has a bump. But you know, this was in 2016. I, I would say that modern feminism peaked in 2016. Like women were just doing things, you know, it was like Hillary Clinton was running for president and losing.


But people were all about like, you know, me Too movement, the way men speak to women. Why women have to even be women And. so you could see that like a woman just going in there and saying something about her pregnancy would instantly offend her. And then she did something way worse. The journalist, she asked her about the costumes. Take a listen. Did you guys love wearing those kind of clothes That you Yeah, yeah. And you know, working in digital, no one wants to talk about the clothes, but I wonder if they would ask the men about the clothes. I would. I love little Jesse's suits. He has some be that's what I'm saying. His his wardrobe was beautiful. I know Cory's wardrobe was I know course. Those high-waisted pants. He's so great. I would wish men more HighEd pants I know Ladies and gentlemen, that is your brain on feminism.


I, I can't even explain this. Like I, I can't even, it's a very good question to ask when you are shooting a 1930 period drama because people dressed fabulously And. so anytime you're doing something that dives into the past, I'm always fascinated with the costume design case in point, probably most notorious is Peaky Blinders. I absolutely loved that series and Killian Murphy and the way the boys dressed and stood in a second I would've asked Killian Murphy about the costume design onset and So I thought, of course there's gotta be somewhere out there because Killian Murphy is known to kind of play a lot of these period dramas of people asking him questions about what he wears. And would you believe this guy's there is.


So that's your brain on modern feminism. You get asked the question, you're immediately offended because of course they would never ask this to a man. The woman's like, yeah, no, I would, I would ask that to a guy. 'cause like, yeah, that makes sense. Here's your brain when you don't suffer from that and you're just a guy and you just think logically and try to, I guess come up with the answer. Take a listen to him being asked about his outfits for Oppenheimer. There's A moment in the movie that I really love where we see Martin and he's wearing this army uniform. Mm. And someone says to him like, what? This isn't you, you're a scientist. Yes. Why are you wearing that? And I think it really highlights how clothing can help us unlock and harness like ourselves and who we are. So for you guys with the costumes in this film, how did it help in unlocking these characters and finding out who they were for you?


That's a great question. He, he, after that moment in the film and If you remember, he, he kind of in our, in our story, he puts on the hat and picks up the pipe and it's him kind of creating this persona. It's him kind of self mythologizing. And we worked very closely with our wonderful costume designer to, to design the, the clothes. And particularly I wanted to get his kind of his silhouette, you know, 'cause he was very fragile. He was very, very slim. And I wanted to get that, that silhouette right There you have it guys. He just answered the question because of course people are going to be interested.


It's kind of a thing that's known that Killian Murphy kind of kills it in these outfits. And you are drawn when you are watching film. There's an element of that that's so beautiful when you see them stepping into another decade and the way that they dress and how a simple hat can add so much depth to a scene. And again, that is why I loved Peaky Blinders so much. I just, I even loved the, the way they stood. Like I would just be asking a question like, Hey, why did you stand like that? But you see, this is the stuff that men don't suffer from. And ironically she's trying not her hardest in that interview not to be a woman when bla when she's asked that question like, you can't ask me about pregnancy, you can't ask me about outfits. And in reality her reacting like that, she leans into the oldest and truest stereotype about women over emotional, right? We just can't think clearly.


We just so emotional without the question. She doesn't even actually answer it. And instead just makes another woman feel like absolute crap for asking a question that like she should have just answered And. so this woman came out and said, yeah, I almost literally quit my job because by the way, that wasn't the only time that she had interviewed her. She interviewed her for also a simple favor. She was similarly rude. And I think that in her modern feminist mind, she thinks that when she's being rude, she's taking a stance for women and she's not. Do you wanna know why? Because the majority of women, the overwhelming majority, as in like everybody, like the 99.9 percentile of women have real struggles in their lives. They're not playing dress up, right? They don't have to think that the biggest struggle they're gonna go through in the day is going to be somebody asking a question about whether or not they liked wearing the outfits while they were playing.


Pretend what a wonderful blessing your life is If. you wake up and you're like, this is the struggle that I face. Somebody's going to ask me whether or not I liked playing pretend when I wore that outfit. So she problematizes it, everything in her life. And. so to see this backlash, she can spick live. I don't have an issue against her personally. I think it's great that her and Ryan Reynolds put their family first in a lot of ways. And she, she seems like she's a great mother and a great wife. But I'm grateful that she's going through this because it's making a lot of people question what in fact modern feminism has become. And this is it. It's whiny, it's bratty and it needs to end. So to that, I say thank you to Blake Lively


All Right. guys, I, I wanna throw it to one of the sponsors of the show. Native Path, finding an honest doctor who isn't following in the footsteps of big pharma, which I hate can feel impossible. That's why millions of men and women have turned to Native path's. Vast selection of high quality nutrition products. Native Path was created by a Texas doctor of Physical therapy who discovered how poor nutrition was linked to many of the health issues his patients who are dealing with on a daily basis. Their original collagen peptides include a unique protein that naturally declines with age and has proven to significantly increase bone strength and soothe joint pain. It minimizes wrinkles and cellulite, enhances hair follicle thickness and even reverses nail damage with useless reporting results in as little as two weeks. As a partner of the show, Native Path is offering my listeners up to 45% off his joint bone and ligament restoring formula at Native Path dot sale slash Candace. The discount will be auto applied. Native Path has thousands of five star reviews and over 4 million jars sold already. Every order comes to 365 day money back guarantee. So there is no risk to try it. Listeners can visit Native Path sale slash Owens to Get up to 45% off while supplies last. Again, that's Native Path Do Sale slash Candace.


All right you guys, let's get into some stories. Let's start with the story. Rabbi Schmo don don't know what to say about this guy. He is, listen, If, you were not following the old show. My old show Epi Daily Wire and you're following the new show. I'll bring you up the day. I'll kind of put the two shows together. So Rabbi Schmo and his hag daughter began a harassment campaign of me that lasted, I'm not kidding, two years. It actually hasn't ended. I shouldn't say it lasted two years. It began for two years after they were kind of wanting me to say something about Kanye West who was my friend and I don't believe in publicly throwing your friends under the bus. And he was basically like, you will do this or else. And they were like, we're coming for you or we're literally coming for you and we're gonna harass you until you lose your job.


So I'm gonna show you just a compilation of their clips over the years of the stuff that they said to me. Literally the only reason for this was because I wouldn't throw Kanye West under the bus two years ago. So take a listen. Candace Owens is gripped with a poisonous, almost pathological hatred of Jews. It's actually become very serious. It's actually almost frightening when you see a woman like Candace Owens blood libeling, the Jewish people like Candace Owens is abusing it. Anti antisemitism goes by the Date. There is something really truly wrong with Candace Owens.


You guys know that I dislike liars and antisemites more than anything in a whole entire world. And here we have a combination of both. Candace Owens simply will not stop defending Kanye West. It's like an obsession. If she's unable to genuinely and authentically condemn what Kanye said. It says a lot about her If, you come for us, we'll come back at you with everything that we have. I have heard from hundreds of you who feel so backstabbed and betrayed and disappointed in Candace, Owens and others who defended, who enabled and encouraged Kanye West to continue spreading lies and venom and medieval Jewish hatred. Candace Owens posted a picture of my face and my name and my account to her.


Over 4 million followers yesterday, many of whom are violence craze and unhinged. You really went after Candace Owens today. Why? That's a a, a sliver of what she actually deserves. She's such a liar. She is an anti-Semite. She hates Jews. She has a thing. Jews. That's incredible, isn't it like weird? And while Jews are being attacked around the world, she finds it really necessary to spend her time, use her platform to defend and protect Kanye West. While she talks a Hitler lower rap about it. Kanye West is not just a antisemite, he's a Hitler lover. That's, that's a different level all together. Literally.


Literally she is abominable. I actually am disgusted by her because she hates Israel. We are coming for you Candace on the media, on social media, on Instagram, on Facebook, on Twitter. Until the more she defended apologizing Kanye was the more we're gonna call Her out. Stop defending Kanye, we will come for you. Kanye. Hi everybody. Poor is a day of celebration. We feel bad for Candace Owens that she lost her job. So I figure with her image of what Jews is supposed to look like. Why not Val, at least validator. I am dressed up as a Candace Owens Jew. Now this is not a Christian child, this is Jewish child. But if it would be, I got my Christian blood, mm, spicy, delicious. I got my Jewish noses, I have filth 'cause Jews are all filth and more than anything else, what does a have Money?


I don't know guys. Well I wanna be very clear. Jews are not filth. Rabbi Schmo is in fact filth. And if that is going to inspire an FBI report because I say he's filth and I am going just going to maintain that opinion until the day I die. I, I guess I gotta get visited by the F fbi. I I don Dunno whether they're gonna knock, knock who's there. Excuse me. Did you not allow Rabbi Schmoley to just attack you for two years unchecked? Who do you think you are? I mean it's just, okay. Is this why we're going to the poli? He's like, I'm going to the FBI what? I'm going to the FBI just, him and his hag daughter are just, they really are just a study.


you know, when we speak about radical Zionism and that the picture of that it's, it's these two obviously they do tremendous harm to the Jewish community. I mean, and I know, I wanna be clear there are, there are virtually no people in the Jewish community that think that his brand is good for them. You've heard poo Jewish people on the show, whether Zionist or not say that they obviously recognize that he's unhinged and he's unhinged while at the same time insisting that I am unhinged. But yeah, they reported that he went to and the FBI to file the complaint against me because I am saying that he and his daughter are trying to murder me. Yeah, no, I didn't say that.


But he thinks that I've said that. And he said also because in, I insinuated that he killed Michael Jackson. I have literally no idea what he's talking about, but I don't, I want him to just do what he and his hag daughter feel needs to be done. I, I think their relationship is very strange. I've said that I, I think it's weird to sell sex products with your father and I think it's weird that they just won't step into the background. You know If you. If he actually cares about the plight of Jewish people, he should probably realize that he's not the best spokesperson because people all around the world of all races and all religions pretty much accept the, the fact that Rabbi Schmoley is just unwell, You know, just a mentally unwell individual and he needs a little more than maybe just some rest at a hospital.


you know, just a little bit of rest. you know, take a break, do the thing of celebrities say when they say they're suffering from exhaustion and he can take his little outfit with him if he, if he'd like to. But yeah, I just had to show you that because I thought it was absolutely hilarious that he's actually gone to the FBI to report me. He's like, you will support Israel and say something about Kanye West or else we're going to the FBI Totally normal mainstream stuff, you guys. All right. Speaking of totally normal main streets stuff, let's talk about the d and c. Last night they had their convention, the Democrats had their convention and I mean it went about as expected, I would say. And by as expected, I mean that Donald Trump got a bump in the polls. It's a fact Donald Trump got a bump in the polls. Strangest moment for me was just seeing people cry when Joe Biden walked out.


I know it was like a, it was like a tear as if he like was coming back from war. They were chanting his name. I'll just show you a very brief clip here of Nancy Pelosi. I think she's saying something in her eyes when she doesn't really wanna join this chant, but take a look. Yeah. Yay, love. Yeah, We loved Joe. Okay. She's like, I don't love him that much. I don't know, literally there were people crying when he walked out. I mean, it was like somebody was back from the dead. Totally weird. Well actually not weird. He is kind of back from the dead. I get it now. I actually changed my position on that. I get why some people were crying because it does feel a little bit like he's back from the dead.


But You know. It's just really interesting to kind of see that and just wonder like what it is that people are crying over. And I also wanna show you this clip of the issues that they decided to take on.


Before we get to that, I do wanna thank PureTalk. I'm gonna give you guys a little wireless hack that can cut your cell phone bill in half every single month. And you guys know that that is simply switching to PureTalk. PureTalk is a cell phone company that I use and it only charges you for data that you actually want. And for just $25 a month, you can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Verizon at t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need unlimited data so that they can overcharge you. But the fact is that most of you are buying way more data than you will ever need. Do you know what you can do With five gig of data? You can browse the internet for 135 hours, stream 1000 songs, or watch 10 hours of Candace Owens video. That's the pitch. So stop overpaying for wireless and get 5G coverage with PureTalk. Switching is very easy. There's no contract, no activation fee, and you even get to keep your phone number. So head to PureTalk dot com slash owens. Again, that is PureTalk dot com slash owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month with PureTalk.


Okay, back to the dnc. 'cause I'm sure so many of you guys are not actually watch it. But here are the issues and they just are so theatrical speaking of course, about Project 2025. And I think, by the way, this was actually a moment. I thought it was powerful. Take a listen. I'm Michigan State Senator Mallory mcm. And This, This is Project 2025. Tonight, I wanna tell you about just one aspect of Project 2025. It's planned to turn Donald Trump into a dictator.


Okay? Right here on page 5 35, it says, quote reissue Trump's Schedule F executive order to permit discharge of non-performing employees. Now that doesn't sound that scary, right? But here's what it actually means in plain English. If Donald Trump gets back into the White House, he's going to fire civil servants like intelligence officers, engineers, and even federal prosecutors if he decides that they don't serve his personal agenda. And that my friend is likely why people decided to support Trump.


Because I think that's kind of the point. I think we do want to fire people in government. I think the whole goal here is to decrease the burden that Americans are facing because of our, our high taxes. Because all the Democrats do, they pretend that there's been a, a boost in jobs. They're like, oh, we've added a hundred thousand more jobs in government. We've added it in the IRS, and now they are going to sit there and nickel and dime every hardworking American who's just trying to get by and feed their family. And why don't we fire those people instead, stop spending our money overseas on all of these senseless wars that never seem to end and don't serve any of our interests. I think that is one of the best parts about Project 2025.


And by the way, I was happy to see actually one of the writers at the Babylon b Joel Berry tweeted this morning. Like, I actually finally looked through the project 2025 and isn't this what we want? Yes, yes. that is a good thing. There's nothing wrong with it other than the fact that we have allowed the script to be set by Democrats who are operating, I think, with low information, or they generally do want to be taxed into oblivion. I mean, what is the appeal here? Like I, I think genuinely Project 2025 is scary for people who don't wanna get up and go to work and do anything and simply want governments to just give them handouts. Like they just want that $300 covid check to roll in every couple of weeks and they have no sense of purpose.


Then I would say, do not vote for Donald Trump. Do not vote for Republicans. Their mission is to actually have people who want to work be rewarded for that work by decreasing the tax burden. But for the rest of us, that sounds pretty good. So I think that prop that she was holding, which just looked extraordinarily goofy and everything that she was saying, people at home who are Democrats are going, wait, wait, wait. What's, what's wrong with that? I think that's something that I can get behind because you know what? We are not living in the best economic climate, which brings me to American. Financing I know that everyone is getting stressed because of your monthly income. It just doesn't seem to be covering the bills anymore. You're not alone. Most Americans feel this way. Everything's getting more expensive. People are reaching more and more for credit cards to cover basics like childcare, insurance, power, and food.


It is tough. If you're feeling this way, you should call my friends at American Financing. They're helping hardworking Americans just like you tap into their home equity to pay off their high interest debt and even create some additional savings to be ready for whatever life throws your way with interest rates. Dropping a company like American Financing that never charges any upfront or hidden fees is the perfect partner to help you get into better financial shape. Their consultants are saving homeowners. An average of $800 a month waiting is not an option. Call today. You may delay two mortgage payments If, you do. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or If. you wanna make it easy, you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens.


Okay, you guys, let me jump into the chat. I get into this chat, okay. I'm gonna read a couple of super chats and then just read the live chat. I just see somebody wrote transitioning who like, what is going, oh, oh, thank you. That was a good ad transition. Thank you. That was good. Ad transition, transitioning like Bruce Jenner, I get it. Ha ha. This person says the MK Ultra team gave me a house. I have no idea what you're talking about. I'm going to get into some of these super chats. This person writes. Not a question. I just wanna say I love you Candace. Thank you Savage. I see that quick. Says my favorite description of Rabbi Smoothie's daughter is a hag. Yeah, I mean, I just think like she's got a face for radio. I don't know, I just think I wouldn't be on camera that much if that's what I looked like and speaking like a such a little witch, you know, like, I'm gonna get her, I'm gonna get her.


If she doesn't say something about Kanye, like for two years, it's kind of weird. It's a little, it's it's, it's giving a little obsessed, it's giving a little neurotic to say the least. This person RMNL writes watching from work, I love what you do, Candace, keep it up. Same from T May dinger as well. Thank you guys for all these super chats. Jody writes, MRO is a disgrace to Michigan mro, by the way, is the name of the senator who just spoke and with the big prop and said that project 2025 was something to be feared right along with Whitmer. Oh, this person aptly describes as Witcher another hag. Dean Voltaire says Biden's Mortician did a good job on his makeup though seemed lifelike. Yes.


That's why I'm saying that's why they were crying. They were like, this mu this mag magician of a makeup artist has brought our president back from the dead. I think he's also got some injections going on. Holly motto writes, Bassam Yusef account canceled on Twitter. Israel official account commenting by, I mean, I gotta just know who's running the Israel official account. I just don don't know. I just feel like given the, the PR crisis that they're facing, like maybe leaning out of like we control America, kind of like, I feel like that's what they're signalling when they say goodbye or whatever. Like we control stuff would probably just be advisable hire me for pr. I could just like, hey, it's just not advisable right now. you know, if that, we should just maybe not be saying LOL buy Bassem Yusef now.


But I wanna be clear, I don't know if Bassem was suspended or if he deleted his account, which is why I didn't comment on that. I don't know if it has been confirmed whether or not he deleted his account. For those of you who not or who are not aware perhaps of who Bassam Yusef is. He is a Egyptian pro-Palestinian voice who initially went viral in an interview with Pi Morgan. I, I think he very, he did a very good job in a very calm way of explaining the Palestinian side of the debate. And since then he's sort of been this, I guess shot into the role as a spokesperson for what's going on into Palestine. In Palestine. His wife, my understanding is Palestinian. So that is why he said that it's Archie rights. I just wanna say, your work isn't going without return.


So many people are having their eyes opened I know. And I, like I say virtually every episode, I just wanna thank you guys because despite the firestorm of everything that happened this weekend, more people signed up for our locals page, went to locals.com and gave and supported, because I almost think now the media is just in an echo chamber. Like they write the articles for themselves, so they kind of pass it around. It's like, you know, the New York Post is wearing f daily mail and they're all like, yes, we've got this person, but they're completely out of touch with the American people. They have no idea. They cannot predict which way culture is going. And I have faced these firestorms before for being really just ahead of the curve. I mean, I think the first one, which was the most, not, maybe not the most vicious, but the first one I recall was the Me Too one.


I mean, Republicans and Democrats were in locks up on Me too. And you go back and I was the first one to tweet like, this is ridiculous movement and got canceled. And people were saying, Charlie Kirk, you better not have forever on the stage. Again, she supports rape. People were crying at Turning Point being like, I can't work for this organization if she supports rape, that same dramatic thesis in the media. Like she, she supports rape. Like why would I support rape? I just think that there's obviously something wrong with the Me Too movement when you can condemn men who are not able to go through the system and prove their innocence and they're just being socially lynched. And then of course the world caught up. And then I think the second time I ripped a hole in the universe was when I said, I don't support Black Lives Matter. And my goodness, people were go, how could you as a black person ever say this?


and that was only quadrupled when I said that. The George Floyd thing, the story that was being told, I mean, the media was like, yes, this is it. The George Floyd narrative. And then I just went on Facebook and ripped a hole through that narrative and people were upset. And again, the, the public was angry. I mean the, the, the media was angry, but the public had never been more on my side. And the donations poured in and they were like the lone voice to stand against this And. so the media has just become a, a mob that speaks to itself, you know, and I think the majority of people are rational. They are not believing these narratives, that the cancel culture is a culture that has come to its natural end. you know, you don't get to just call people racist because you don't want to listen to why a black person might not support Black Lives Matter.


You don't get to call the woman a self-hating misogynist because you don't want to listen for the very sensible reasons why a woman might feel that the Me Too movement actually will do more harm in the end, as I felt. And you don't get the right to call somebody anti-Semitic because they are pointing to the fact that Israel is harboring pedophiles. you know? And it's not appropriate. And it feels as though we are not allowed to say anything, even on the topic of pedophilia, about Israel without having the entire mainstream media come down on us. And we, I think especially as Americans, but all across the world, just need to remember that the media is not God. It's not right. And the media does not get to set the tone for what it is that we listen to.


We, they're not bigger than us. They don't exist without us. So they can yellow journalism themselves to sleep every single night. you know, they Rabbi Schmo and his daughter and the New York whatever, and every single mainstream media outlet can say whatever they want because they no longer reflect how the people feel. What the people feel is that we are tired of being subjected to what is so obviously a global power, a power in which always renders American freedom somehow less free every time we are made to subject ourselves to it.


And I feel just incredibly grateful and incredibly blessed that you guys have been on this journey the way that the show has changed. And I just want you guys to know that I wake up every day and I say a prayer of gratitude for all of you all around the world for continuing to stay with me and for just being, I guess so impervious to the media bullets, which I think that we all are at this moment. Anyway, you guys have still some special stuff coming out this week. Tomorrow we are going to discuss the USS Liberty because I finally got around to watching a little documentary on it. And it is so much worse than anything. I, I mean, just as the patriot in me was just screaming as I was going through this, I didn't realize it.


And I want to apologize ahead of time to the USS Liberty survivors that I am this late to ever commenting on it. And then we have a couple of other surprises this week, which will be coming along, which we'll probably hear about tomorrow. Anyways, go to locus.com, If, you wanna support the show, plus get the book list and just grateful for you guys. Always. We'll see you tomorrow.