
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Alright you guys, Happy Monday. Also, happy belated Easter. I hope you guys had a wonderful Easter weekend. I definitely did. He is risen indeed. I had given up gluten, so that meant no bread for all of Lent. I also gave up sweets. So yesterday I completely indulged to save Elise cake, cookies, lasagna, you name it. It was wonderful. And speaking of Easter, S ante that is Latin for the seat is vacant. Yes, The Pope has passed away. We're gonna speak about that obviously. Plus, in case you missed it, Roseanne Barr did after our show on Thursday issue an apology for saying that she was gonna knock me the F out. So we'll talk about that.


But first, I am totally seized by the updates in the Ryan and Blake case. I think a lot of people may have missed it because it was Easter weekend and we were all doing, you know, family time and things that were more important in a case. You did miss what transpired on Friday. The case is now solved and it's so much more ugly and more psychotic than any of us could have possibly envisioned. Essentially, she got caught filing a sham lawsuit. Power tripping. This has gotta be white collar crime. Let's get started. Welcome back to Candace, You guys, this is the last full week of the podcast.


Before I go on leave crazy, just crazy to think about that. Like I said, it's gonna be so sad, sad for everyone except for Ryan Reynolds and Harley Pastic and Blake Lively and Emmanuel Macron. They're probably counting down the days on a calendar, like they're going on a Disney trip, whatever. I, I'm gonna miss you guys. They're not gonna miss me where to begin with this. So I'm assuming that regarding this Blake Ryan, just in case that things may have just transformed from civil to criminal and I'll tell you why. And like I said, in case you somehow missed the updates over the weekend, don't worry, sit down because this is going to be wild. It's unbelievable. Don't worry. 'cause I'm also gonna unpack it very slowly.


Of course I've made a little timeline to make things easier because you likely need a refresher. We haven't, there hasn't been much movement in this case. But without question, this is the most explosive update since it all began. It's the final piece of the puzzle. It pulls everybody in the New York Times, the PR firms. Brian Friedman must be having an absolute field day. And by the way, I wanna say this could have all been avoided if they had listened to me when I told them, drop the lawsuits. Just drop when you know you are doing nothing good. Get out of doing the nothing good as soon as possible, especially when the whole world is watching and you've got mommy sleuths on the case. So remember we all, we had to work backwards with everything. We didn't.


If you were me, at least I didn't know who Justin Baldoni was. I didn't know Colleen Hoover. I didn't watch the movie. I just saw a crazy lawsuit being filed. A CRD complaint looked shady, sounded weird. I'm not a big me too person. And then we kind of had to go backwards like wait, what happened? And then we were surprised because we saw the New York Times data and it looked like this was some sort of a plot, but there were still some elements that didn't make sense, which is when Blake and Ryan began colluding with the New York Times, we didn't understand how exactly Stephanie Jones PR was able to give these messages to the New York Times ahead of time. Like there was this missing piece of what Stephanie Jones was saying, that she was complying with a subpoena.


So I'm gonna slowly remind you of who she is and why it's actually the most relevant piece of the entire puzzle. Okay? So this is the PR chart. They start making this movie and Joan work pr, which is run by Stephanie Jones, she's the coffee and Adderall is Life woman, okay? Is doing the PR for Wayfair Studios. That's Justin Bald, Steve Sarrow, which she is doing her her firm is doing the PR for this film, but she's not personally managing that pr. She has someone under her named Jennifer Abel who you see there. And she is dealing with this quote unquote smaller account.


And by smaller account I mean that while Stephanie Jones is out flying around with Jeff Bezos and is soon to be wife Jennifer Abel is dealing with this little baby account that only earns them 20 KA month for the firm. Jennifer Abel decides that she wants to leave this firm and she wants to start her own firm. Justin Baldoni and Steve Sorowitz are like, we are going with you if you're going independent because you're the only one we even know at this firm and what we're happy to stay your little account. And Stephanie Jones is like, nuh, that is not happening. I am Stephanie Jones. I'm married to a big wig over at WME. No one leaves Stephanie.


I mean we're talking like toxic relationship with your employer. Doesn't matter what the reason is that someone wants to leave, they wanna leave, let 'em go goodbye. Okay? You can't have this sort of a relationship with your employees like, but she was under a lot of pressure and she thought, well does this mean she's gonna steal more clients from me? I made Jennifer able. No one leaves me and takes one of my clients. Okay? So despite the fact that Jennifer Abel gave six weeks notice, like I said she was gonna leave in July. She's like, you know I'm gonna gonna, I'm not gonna leave until August to give you time right before she's about to leave. Steph Jones calls her in. She's got a lawyer, she's got the, you know, chief level, I think it was the CEO there.


She's got security. And she's like, we need your phone because we have a subpoena that we're complying with and we're taking your personal phone. Jennifer Abel's crying. She's like, I've had this phone number since high school. What do you mean it has all my pictures, my Facebook, everything. And she's like, nah, hand over your phone right now. It's going down like this. Okay, she hands over her phone and there you have it. Suddenly these text messages that are in her Jennifer Abel's personal phone end up in the New York Times. I had to just give you that backstory 'cause you have to remember why it's so important. Now, the million dollar question for all of us that were looking at this was what subpoena was Stephanie Jones complying with What?


What? There was no lawsuit. This went down in August, right? There was no lawsuit until December. What subpoena was she complying with? Well we finally have our answer and it's positively shocking. Check out this headline. It reads this is in the Daily Mail, revealed Blake Lively's super shady legal tactic that set off the war with Justin Baldoni before he even had a clue. Okay, I'm now gonna tell you how they manage this hat trick. And they're even like, it's even crazier and there are more lies that are being told on top of it. So we've created this new timeline for you so that you understand this. On July 10th, 2024, Jennifer Abel tenders her resignation.


She's supposed to leave on August 23rd. On August 21st, that's when Stephanie Jones confiscates Jennifer Abel's phone. Okay, we're gonna get Skip the August 29th when we're gonna get to that later. Then on September 27th, a sham lawsuit is filed. Now what sham lawsuit are we talking about? I wanna skip ahead and show you this because what went down, and I'm gonna tell you this is me reading into the situation now was they took her phone, they were gonna hand it to the New York Times and then somebody in the group, maybe it's Ryan Reynolds, I think it's Ryan Reynolds, says, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Was that legal you, we have the messages and we're gonna go to press and we're gonna fight this in the New York Times, but like can we get in trouble?


And they all scrambled on the backend and they said, holy crap, we need to get, we need to pretend that there's a real subpoena otherwise you may be just stole your employee's phone. And now we're about to go to the New York Times. So they actually found a lawyer to give them advice and to tell them how to file a fake lawsuit so that they could use that fake lawsuit to pretend that they legally took Jennifer Abel's phone. Okay? So they find a woman and somehow they hit up this attorney Samantha Katz. She is the moron that involved herself. She's got a face like a moron, right? She just looks like a moron decides to involve herself in this plot.


This is the unknown individual that she works for. Manat Phelps and Phillips, which is in New York City. And she devised with her clients to file this lawsuit, which prior to last week nobody could find. And I'll tell you why because look at this. The plaintiff is Van Z incorporated. This is an LLC that is owned by Blake Reynolds that nobody would've known to look for. We're gonna get more into the details of that, right? And a couple of things that you should know about the Van Z lawsuit, you're looking right here. There's no defendants listed. It just says the lawsuit lists 10 Jane Doe.


So they didn't list any defendants, it's just like anonymous 10 people that were filing a lawsuit against. We are Van ZLLC. The language throughout the lawsuit is intentionally vague because they never wanted the public to find it, okay? They never wanted the public to find it is again, they're trying to work backwards to legitimatize something that they likely stole. So I'm gonna read you directly from this sham lawsuit. It writes, it accuses the 10 Jang dos of quote. They have participated and may continue to participate in efforts to harm plaintiff, including by failing to act in plaintiff's best interests, taking actions to their personal benefit at plaintiff's expense, failing to freely communicate with plaintiff regarding matters that impact plaintiff's business and reputation and disclosing to third parties and failing to keep strictly confidential plaintiff's confidential and or private information.


This is just words like Samantha Katz, okay? Was just typing words so that they could get a lawsuit filed that they never intended to do anything but drop because for whatever reason maybe there's a personal relationship there. She's trying to help out Steph Jones and Ryan and Ryan and Blake to legitimatize this phone, which they have seized from Jennifer Abel that they are about to go mainstream with with the New York Times. And the fastest that she's able to get that lawsuit out is actually a month after they've already taken the phone. They filed this lawsuit in September, the end of September, September 27th, 2024.


That then allows so, so that you guys understand that then allows them to give it. Any lawyer at that point can just write a subpoena, right? So the way that subpoenas work, just to remind you guys, remember I got that crazy subpoena regarding Kanye's lawsuit. Okay? So somebody filed a lawsuit against Kanye, then their lawyer wrote a subpoena and of course a normal person is not gonna comply with a ridiculous subpoena. So I'm not complying with that. I'm gonna go, good luck getting a judge to sign off on this. You are not getting five years of my phone records because you had to watch the Batman with Kanye West. That doesn't, I'm not complying with that, right? But Stephanie of course then tried to pretend that she complied with it.


But this was all being done backwards. She had already taken the phone and that's why she never wanted to show anybody this subpoena. Okay? That's why she was being weird cagey. They wouldn't answer the lawsuit because they had hid it purposely 'cause it's a sham. Now let's get into Van Z incorporated. The plaintiff that is listed and then, which they never wanted us to be able to uncover. So Van Z Incorporated has an address which is listed in New York City. 8 8 8 seventh Avenue. Crazy. I worked in that, worked in that building for for four years. I literally worked in that. I know exactly where this is. I used to work in private equity in that exact building. So it's listed as 8 8 8 seventh avenue.


You can see it says Blake Reynolds Van Van Z Incorporated. It was formed in Delaware. That's very typical for an LLC. It says the type of business that they're engaged in is entertainment. We took a look at this and it looks like the firm that's working on behalf of them, is it ml, Skyler? I'm gonna have to look it up. I think it's like ML company or whatever. Yeah, ML company. And you can see that their agent that they have listed here that is to accept service on behalf of this LLC is Eric Binder. Okay? So the only business, when you look back through these documents of Van Z Incorporated, this is where it's gonna get crazy.


The only business that it was recorded as having completed was receiving two shipments, shipments of furniture and fabric and doors. Okay? It was sent to Blake and Ryan's home in Westchester County. Now why would they use an LLC to get Blake's? Honestly that's kind of tax evasion to be honest. Unless they have an office which they're working from, which they could in their Westchester home, but like they're actors and entertainers. So that would be hard for me to imagine that they do. They're running it through an LLC for a tax benefit, which they're likely just doing renovations to their homes. Who knows? I'm not an IRS agent but this is a a really stupid thing to do.


But they're running it through their business. They've received fabrics and doors to their Westchester home. Interestingly enough, it was shipped that fabric and doors was shipped to the name because they probably don't wanna put their name on it. Molly Car. Okay? This is the only business action If you go through Van Z incorporates incorporated documents, it shows you that this was shipped to Molly Carro on behalf of Blake. Now who is Molly Carro? Very important. She is the PR officer that works for Vision pr. Let's pull up our PR thing again. Whose vision pr? That's Leslie Sloan's PR firm. Who are Leslie Sloan's clients?


Here's our chart. Leslie Sloan's clients are Blake and Ryan. So we have now just connected these two PR firms that were both involved in filing this sham lawsuit. Molly Caro was the person that works with this LLC works with her clients. Leslie, like this is an disaster for them. Molly Carroll has since wiped all her socials girlfriend. If you are watching and looking, it is too late. The sleuths are on it. They've pulled everything. There's Reddit feeds, you are donezo. Just come forward and say that you did bad crimes just come. They'd be like, I did. I did, I did.


Bad crimes name is Molly Carroll And I, I did bad stuff because I was high on the supply of a-listers and didn't think we'd get caught. Molly Carroll also has an interesting connection to Taylor Swift, which I love 'cause she's also involved. I'm not buying this whole, she just wants to be private and her and her boyfriend are hiding. No, Taylor Swift is smart. She knows when she's too close to the sun. Molly Caro's also listed as the producer for Taylor Swift's video. I bet you'll think about me. Which Taylor's version which was directed by Blake Lively and Molly Carro is also listed as an extra in the all too well short film, which was Taylor Swift's other song All Too Well Both directed by Blake Lively.


So there's a connection here between all of the players that we have seen involved and this sham lawsuit. These are just the facts. Okay, case closed my friends, you got Leslie Sloan pr, vision PR or her, her PR firm rather Vision PR colluding with Stephanie Jones pr. And they file this sham lawsuit because they're going crap, we took this phone and we, we got these messages but we have to make sure it's above board. And so they got this Samantha Katz woman to file this lawsuit as quickly as humanly possible because then they could pretend publicly that Stephanie Jones was just complying with the subpoena.


No, you weren't just complying with the subpoena. You did something evil to your former employee because you're crazy. You're an insane person, okay? Because you think your employees are slaves and they can't leave you never leave me, you'll I'll ruin you on the way out. And then you colluded with the New York Times and we still need to figure out which who was friends with Megan Tey. But there's no doubt that that got started in October while pretending that they, you know, had these messages because they were acting out of subpoena. So let's just look at that new timeline because what's interesting is it made me think, I first said that there was an alibi angle here and it what initially made me think that they were working on an alibi and they were trying to go backwards were those shady text messages.


Do you guys remember those shady text messages between Ryan and Leslie Sloan? And she starts and she's like, Hey it's Les. And I'm like, that's weird. And then Ryan goes through these like great lengths to be like, let's not respond to PR at all or engage. These are the messages. These were sent on August 29th, right? And he's like not answering regarding this piece that had come out about Blake Lively's brother-in-law. And then he writes this, thank you for sending, he's saying this to Leslie Sloan. It's imperative that we stay silent on everything and speak to nobody, as I mentioned in Denmark before Blake's premier to not talk to anyone about any of these attacks on Blake.


Just making sure you haven't done that at any point. I think this is sweet that Bart said this, but the only thing to do is to remain quiet for now. And I saw this message and I presented to you guys, I think it was back in February and I said this is an alibi. Okay? They had already done something very bad and they were trying to work backwards in the event that their messages got subpoenaed. So that's August 29th. Let's now plug this in to the timeline so you realize like how caught Ryan and everybody is in this. So this is the new timeline. So yes you have Jennifer Abel tens her resignation July 10th. Stephanie Jones takes her phone on August 21st. Ryan sends the alibi message just a week later on August 29th.


He's like, don't talk to the press. No, they were given this to the New York Times. September 27th is the quickest they could get out that sham lawsuit. So it became after she took the phone on October 1st is when the actual subpoena was issued because you need the lawsuit first and then you can say haha, we have a subpoena. So the fastest that Samantha Katz could get that done was about five days or four days after the fact. So again, way beyond when she took that phone, which is why they refused to show us the actual literal subpoena. And also because the law firm could be in big trouble on October 31st is when we were able to track that New York Times metadata. And you have October 10th, which we're gonna talk about.


I just told you that the address that's listed, the address that's listed on those on Van ZLLC is 8 8 8 seventh Avenue in New York City. Well guess what? We also discovered that on December 10th, Liz Plank, who I told you Ryan very clearly was offering her something on the backend. Liz Plank files documents to update Liz Plank Productions for podcasting on December 10th. Okay? And she is now using Ryan and Blake's agent. Here is the address. Look at this incredible Liz Blank, look at that Liz Plank. Look at that address of her new manager.


8 8 8 seventh Avenue fourth floor, the same exact address for Van Z Incorporated. So basically we have like the best instincts ever. Like we just were right about everything. Liz, Liz Plank knew it was coming, sold them out because Ryan offered her something production wise, podcasting wise, same exact maneuver Colleen Hoover did. They were offering them all of these things to turn and this is what the craziest part ready on Justin Baldoni like I wish there was a villain in this story. I wish it was like, I don't know. They were doing all of this to go after Ari Emanuel, like two power players that were going after each other and being psychotic.


They were just trying to stomp on a butterfly that was sitting on a flower. Okay? Like, this is insane. Don't let that fall through the cracks. Like do not forget this was all to take down like the nicest person in the world. They're just like, yeah, I'm high, I am power and I can do this and this is what we're gonna do. We're gonna do, we're gonna collude the New York Times. We're gonna file fake lawsuits, we're gonna get subpoenas, we're gonna get this all written out here. I mean, Stephanie Jones was really motivated by wanting to go after a former employee, which I give her a little more credit for. It's a little more sane, right? Blake was like, I just, this can't be real press against me. Everybody loves me a a little credit there too.


She's motivated by sheer stupidity. But Ryan Reynolds evil, he's just, he's the ultimate villain in this story, okay? Because you know, he's orchestrating all of this. He's buying out, Liz, my agent will help you. Eight eight seventh Avenue fancy building. Yeah, well my agent will help you. All you gotta do you have to know is that we're about to file this lawsuit in 10 days. 'cause she, she did this on December 10th. So that means Liz Plank knew the CRD filing was coming out 10 days later and the day before the CRD filing came out, they dropped their sham lawsuit never to speak of it again. But now it, it's emerging. Why? Because Stephanie Jones is being sued and she's holding onto this lie that she was complying with a subpoena.


Well factually, Stephanie, you're lying because we have the timeline. We know when you took her phone versus when that subpoena was actually signed off on. And the reason she's holding that subpoena close to her chest is because Samantha Katz, there's gonna be some personal relationship there and, and she's trying to protect that law firm. And I'll tell you why. 'cause I called Noah, you know, Noah's my lawyer who has to field all my phone calls, right? And you know, same thing as he always says that I'm not a part of this lawsuit. Yeah, yeah, we got it Noah, but I am. So tell me what's gonna happen because this must now trip into criminality, right? You can't steal someone's phone and then try to legitimize it. And this is why people hate rich people. I wanna be very clear because they do theft in a different way.


Like if, If you were just a poor person and you stole a Snickers bar at a gas station, you're getting arrested. But like you, Stephanie Jones has like the money and the wealth to steal. Like, and what's gonna happen? She gotta go jail. This is white collar crime. They all should go spend some time in jail. In my personal opinion. I'm not saying like throw the key away. I'm just saying that like they should have to spend a couple of nights in jail, have somebody bail them out and do the walk of shame because it's theft. It's just white collar theft. It's, I'm flying in the COO of the company theft from New York and I have a security guard and I have a lawyer next to me and I'm forcing you to sign these documents and hand me your phone 'cause I'm lying to you and saying that I'm complying with the subpoena kind of theft and that makes me sick.


And that this is why people hate rich people. It's just too much. And all this because of your ego, which is even crazier, at least maybe if somebody stole snicker bars because they were hungry, you're just a, a crazy, insane, deranged wealthy person that's high on power. Anyway, So I called Noah when I asked him, I'm like, what's gonna happen? Because some heads have a role and the first thing he said was like, 'cause he recognized a law firm in New York and he's like, this is a very big law firm, major Uhoh people are talking about this is stupid. You know, like I said, moronic Samantha Katz, you're an idiot. Okay? She made partner and she put it all on the line to help these people because I don't know, maybe she felt cool, maybe she went to dinner with them. Maybe she got swift tickets.


Somebody check her Instagram. I don't know what, what she did this for. 'cause most lawyers would be like, no, obviously I'm not going to risk my license. So he was telling me that there's this, this federal rule called Rule 11, which essentially I impacts attorneys. If an attorney knowingly signs off on a junkie lawsuit because they get into trouble because when they're signing off on any document, they're signifying to the courts that this lawsuit is legitimate, that it has legitimate legal contentions, it's not frivolous, et cetera, right? And Federal Rule 11 also outlines what those specific requirements are for signings, pleadings. And they can impose sanctions. If a lawyer engages in bad conduct or bad faith, an attorney can even lose their law license.


So this, like I said, this is why they're hiding it. The courts take it extremely seriously because they wanna deter this sort of conduct out of the courtroom. And so what he's saying is, New York has a similar rule, which is known as Part one 30 where the court can issue sanctions for attorneys or parties to frivolous conduct. And that's what they're being so hush hush about regarding Jennifer Abel. Well Jennifer Abel, I'll tell you what she's able to do. She can now go the criminal route if she'd like to. She's, she effectively had her phone stolen by her employer under the guise of legitimacy in a state that does not play around with that. By the way, California has some very strong laws on the books for consumer privacy that protects employees.


You, your employer can't just go through your phone and take things because they want to. And I'm hearing that she's considering going that legal route and I hope she does. I just need somebody to go to prison. I really do. You know, and here's what I'll say in conclusion, if everyone had settled when I told them to, which just couldn't happen because everyone here involved is a narcissist, no one would be in this predicament. But no one ever listens to me. Also, I gotta tell you guys, really quickly before we get into some sponsors, somebody also pointed out to me like how long Ryan's been a psycho. Remember I read you that email that came in from his teacher who said like he had very serious issues when he was young and talked about how he got kicked out of this drama class and he would like fake cry and do all these deranged things.


Well somebody dug up that Ryan also set his school on fire and bragged about it years later because he was in the high of, everyone thinks Ryan is great and none of us kind of noticed he was a psychopath. And this is a real article that was published in the Arizona Daily Star. It says Ryan Reynolds is funny even when he's serious. And it tells the story of him reflecting on the fact that he First and foremost had flunked out of a high school drama class because he would ditch out and he was working on all of his personal drama. I'm assuming that's related to his father. 'cause we've already confirmed he had a lot of issues with his dad's. But he, he said that he really set fire to a tree. This is coming from Ryan admits he set fire to a tree which led to the building catching on fire.


And he said, no one found out that it was me. And I think the statute of limitations has run out and I just hope that, you know, I don't find out later that some PORs Schmo has spent time in jail for it, not normal behavior. That is all I'm gonna say. I'm telling you that teacher was dead on. He said he was exhibiting characteristics, characteristics when he was young. That he's a complete sociopath. And I think he just lies the whole time about things. And he, he seeks to destroy people and things and I should, I should be concerned, but I'm not. 'cause I just see right through him. He's just, he I, I, I think all of these people are absolute losers. That's what I'll say about that.


Anyways, you guys, let's get into some advertisers. You know, I absolutely love pre-Born. We live in a culture that tells women that motherhood is a burden. That choosing life is the end of their freedom. And that could not be more of a lie. Take it from me. Okay, I'm Perma Pregnant. Pre-Born is the nation's largest pro-life organization that stands for truth. They believe that women deserve better than abortion and they're proving it every single day through free ultrasounds and compassionate care for up to two years after the baby is born. PreBorn is helping women to see their strength, their value, their future. Because when a woman sees her baby on the ultrasound that first time, she's twice as likely to choose life. Not because someone forced her to, but because she can just see the truth for herself. You hear the heartbeat. It's about empowering women to make informed decisions and showing them that they're not going to be alone. If you'd like to give this amazing organization, you just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, If you are just growing in size like me or just someone who values sleep in general, then you have to hear about Cozy Earth. It's another one of my favorite companies. I recently started using Cozy Earth's sheets and I have never slept better. You definitely wanna make sure that you're getting good rest, comfortable nights of sleep at nighttime when you are nine months pregnant. These sheets are incredible. It's like sleeping on a cloud. They're made from super soft, breathable bamboo fabric that somehow keeps me cool at night when I'm running hot and warm. It's not just about bedding with Cozy Earth, they also have pajamas. You can, they feel buttery, soft, they don't cling if you're overheating, it's the kind of luxury that you don't know that you need, especially now. Plus Cozy Earth is all about quality. You get a 10 year warranty and a 100 night sleep trial. So If you don't fall in love, which you are going to, don't worry, you can send them right back. Make sleep a priority right now. Visit cozy earth.com and use my exclusive code Candace and you'll get 40% off Cozy Earth's bestselling sheets, towels, pajamas and more. Again, that's cozy earth.com code Candace. And If you get a post per purchase survey, make sure you tell them that you heard about it right here on this show.


All right. A set of ante. Set of ante. Like I told you guys, that is Latin. The seat is vacant. What are we speaking about? Obviously, unless you have been under a rock, you have heard the news that Pope Francis has passed away and the timing of this, you know, it being Easter Monday and obviously there are a lot of reactions all over the internet. I will give you the facts. He had died at the age of 88 years old. Obviously we knew Pope Francis was sick. He was history's first Latin American pope. He died just this morning. The bells told the churches from his native Argentina, that's where he was from to the Philippines, all across Rome.


And it was reported that he passed away at 7:35 AM Now, like I said, there have been a lot of emotions about this. A lot of people that are commenting. And here's the reality, here's what I was told. I feel ill equipped to speak on the matter and there are a lot of opinions, obviously more liberal to conservative opinions. People who were happy about the things that he did, people who were disappointed. When I was studying to become a Catholic and I had these two cantankerous English priests that were lecturing me all the time, one of the things that they said was, you know, when it comes to the Catholic family there is, there must always be an undercurrent of reverence.


Obviously this is, this is the Pope that we're speaking about. And so you have to make sure that you're speaking about things respectfully. And I understood that as you know in your family, sometimes when you're, you're venting about someone like your, I don know your sister, your cousin, my sister's this driving me crazy. But then like if, if your friends join in on chorus and they're like, your sister is this, you're like, don't talk about my sister like that. You know, I think it's like one of those things where people should understand that the Pope, this is the Pope that we're speaking about and it's a position that should be respected and we look towards the future, pray for him, we pray for his soul obviously. And there have been just so many tremendous things by the way that have been going on this year.


And as we come out of the Lent season of penance and he has risen, I just cannot remark enough how much the church is growing. The Catholic church is growing and I'm talking about all across Europe. It there, there seems to be this almost reactionary movement that's happening and it's being reported in the mainstream media everywhere, that people are being drawn specifically to the Latin liturgy. That which is something, you know, that he scaled back significantly while he was the Pope. And yet the opposite thing is happening where people are being drawn toward the Latin church and no sooner did I say this on Twitter than New York Post or on X whatever it's called.


And the New York Post did an entire piece speaking about just that, about how all across the Southern Belt you are seeing, and this is the title of the article, young people are converting to Catholicism en masse, driven by a pandemic internet and lacks alternatives. And it is definitely a piece that is worth reading. If you have time you can go find that. They just spoke to like four different people who were being confirmed or people who had converted away from Protestantism and asked them what was drawing them. And it remarks on the fact that in some diocese, like in Fort Worth, there's been a 75% increase. We're seeing the exact same thing in Nashville. We are noticing that Gen Z in general overall seems to be moving toward a more traditional lifestyle.


Whether you're talking about their interests in wanting to get married, younger, very conscious about what they're eating, interested in farming, the fact that ballerina farm is such a big account on Instagram and really what she's selling is a traditional lifestyle. The the Gen Zers are definitely moving away. And to have so many new converts is a blessing. And to see that direction and what's contributing to that, I think, and this is again my opinion, feel free to dismiss it, is that we are realizing on a spiritual level that we need authority. And I think the sixties generation was all about like, let's just do whatever. You know, my granddad always said the hippies ruined everything.


I think the ground was fertile. When you want less structure for, I guess one person said to me, and it may have been, it may have been my priest that I'm telling you about my cantankerous English priest who said, you know, Protestantism was the original protest, right? It was the original protest away from authority. You can agree with that. You cannot agree with that. I'd be interested to hear, 'cause I know I, there's so many Protestants listen to this. But I thought it was quite interesting to just kind of think about that, to think through that. And I was a Protestant obviously when I was hearing these words and I thought, I never really thought about that. I never really thought about the word protest in that. But I think what's happened is the, the fruits of those seeds, so to speak, people are looking around and they're going, things are just, just seem out of control.


It just seemed out of control. And I realized that actually I do need authority and I do need structure. And I realized that even as a parent, like kids need authority, kids need structure, I need authority, I need structure, I need routine. And so when I see all these articles popping up about people, they're not just being driven to the Catholic faith but being Dr driven to the Latin mass. That's the way that I read it. And like I said, I'd be really interested to hear what you guys think about it and whether or not you think it is a good thing. What do you, whether you think America needs more Catholicism or if you're anti, if you're, if you're like how I used to be two years ago, I can't judge you 'cause I was literally Protestant and you're thinking we the Catholics worship Mary. I said all of these things So I, I cannot dunk on you.


Everybody has to find their own path and ask their own questions. But I can tell you that we absolutely do not worship Mary was one of the things that I thought as well and that I realized I don't even know where I got that from. 'cause I actually don't know anything about Catholicism. And now I'm interested to learn. Now I'm going to pivot here 'cause I wanna speak to you about Rosie. I mean Ro Rosie, listen to me, Roseanne. Which we know we covered it and I was lighthearted about it because I am kind of confused about Zionist arguments these days and it seems like they've gone from trying to present arguments to now just being like we're an authority. Anybody that has disagreement here, you're an idiot. You're stupid, you're fat and ugly.


I think that's kind of now where we're at with Zionism. Like they have, I think they're quite shocked and angry that they've somehow lost control of the debate when they had everything in their favor. Meaning the money, the mainstream media, the influencers. It was there was no way they could lose the Israel debate. You know, they had control over TikTok here and yet something else is breaking through because of Joe Rogan and Ian Carol and Candace Owens who are just kind of speaking to people and listening. And so we're once again back in this rhythm where it feels like covid again, where we're being lectured by people who can't just present a moral argument and then said our, our being angry and nobody was more angry than Roseanne when she said that she was gonna f me up.


I don't know if we still have that clip. Do we have that? Like let's play what she said again. What's her take on Candace Owens Monster? If I see the, I'll knock her the out. She's an Islamist. Everything she says is straight out of it. It obviously comes down to this. She's taking the Qatari money. Hello. I wish there's nothing else. I wish, Where do you think this came from? 'cause she obviously used to Be she's getting paid by Jew so she was doing that number. But I think when she got fired for being a Jew hater and she is a Jew hater on every level and from medieval times with her blood libel bullshit. I guess It's like, I don't know. She's like not, it doesn't get me excited.


I just don't feel angry when I hear that. 'cause it's just, to me it's all they say, you are taking guitar money, okay, it's not true. So we're just gonna keep lying and saying f you and the person she's sitting across from tweeted out the clip and wrote F you Candace, okay f me. So cool. It's, I Don dunno, kids in middle school trying out bad words. It's not an argument. It lets you know that we've, we've won in terms of just speaking humanely about kids being blown up in Gaza. It's that simple. And we are happy to do that anyways, I I obviously we kind of didn't respond beyond just saying, okay, and then I showed you that she then apologized behind the scenes and she then wrote this on Twitter.


I think it was on Friday night. She said, it's not fake to apologize. I felt bad for threatening violence, not for being upset by your words. But since we are in public now, let me share the remainder of the DM that you left out, which is a bit fake to leave out the entire message. So I just wanted to show you like, I don't know what her angle was here, trying to pretend that we intentionally cut off her message. We didn't, we actually weren't even gonna cover her. And I'm gonna show you my text message to my producer. We do the show, we, we do this show at 3:00 PM live every day. We made the decision to cover Rosie at 2:38 PM and I sent him, I thought I sent him two screenshots. I sent him the first one and not the second.


So it was not, I mean it doesn't even matter. The second part of her DM doesn't change the fact what she apologized to me, but she then shared the entirety of her dm, which just ends with her saying that like her children are scared because of the environment here. Here's the text message I sent to my, you can literally look at the time here. I can't, I think 2:21 PM Yeah, right there at the top. Thursday, 2:21 PM So we go live at three. It was a last second, you know, decision to cover it. Roseanne, nobody was plotting. We don't plot, we just do the show. And anyways, she, I guess that was her rebuttal. Like you cut off the end of my me at the end of my apology where I said that my children were scared.


It's irrelevant because your children are like 40 years old. Like, I don't even understand. And you know, she's expressing that she, she's very scared or, and this kind of is the rhetoric that they keep coming back to. You know, it's a very scary time to be a Jewish person in America. Well it's also a really scary time to be a child or a a a a mother right now in Gaza. So what are you afraid of? Words? A conversation, a debate. They're, they're having bombs dropped on them. Anyways, here's the full rest of her message. The second part that got cut off just so she knows that we were not doing it on purpose. It's just completely irrelevant. She said, you wanna get to the second page that I accidentally cut off?


I am very triggered by your comments. I admit that I won't pretend that I'm not but woman to woman. This entire thing really is something that two bold ass bchs should come together on one day and try to work out for our entire people or party or whatever we are in praying for you in your latest, latest blessing that your delivery is perfect. My children and grandchildren are all I think about and that's why I get so scared for them. I can see the entire world coming for them. They're just dorky Jewish kids and don't know what's going on. We are all don't know what's going on in the world because of constant worldwide critique against Israel. We are all starting to get scared.


I fear for their safety. Your kids don't live in Israel. I just don't, I don't even understand this argument. Anyways, like I said, it's just irrelevant. She's just talking about her family being fearful because people don't support Israel. And we certainly did not mean to cut that off Rosie so people can go pursue that. I accepted her apology because why not accept her apology? I don't, like I said, none of this bothers me. I don't think it helps their arguments to be angry and to be threatening to f people up. And I'm gonna continue to say what I have to say about the nation of Israel and bi B net and Yahoo. I, I feel completely, you know, resigned to the fact that I am standing on the side of morality and you don't get to blow up kids while saying that you're fearful if people don't support you.


Blowing up kids because you're like 40-year-old children are scared. Like I don't have to support Israel. And by the way, linking that to, you know, I, I would wonder how Protestant faiths that are very married to Israel as a state, if that also had something to do with politically with people saying, oh I don't know about, you know, thinking that I have to, you know, we accuse Catholics of worshiping Mary. Do we worship P net and Yahoo? We have to just say all of this is okay. I wonder if some people on top of other reasons might have seen a bit of hypocrisy to be so pro-life but to refuse to see the amount of death that's happening here or to continue to justify it. It should be an ongoing discussion. It would be really interesting to see, I guess just to have like a table discussion with Protestants and Catholics and to observe the trends and to assess whether or not they're all happening if, if there's any correlation whatsoever.


Anyways, and before I get to some of your comments, I'm first gonna tell you about Jacked Up Fitness because there is a fitness revolution happening in America and people everywhere are making fitness a priority. Again, I can't wait till I can go back to lifting the amount of weight that I used to be able to lift. That's why I'm excited to be working up with Jacked Up Fitness. Their flagship product, which is the Jacked Up Power Rack Pro has everything that you need to get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system integrated 200 pound weight stacks and a Smith machine allow you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything that you can do at the gym you can now do at home. And now my family is getting our own Power Rock Pro. We are so excited to have this awesome all in one gym in our home, George and I can't wait to hit it. If you're new to Strength training, their Get Jacked Up program has full body video workouts led by celebrity trainers like Kim Leon and Clark Barra. You literally just press play all along. Go get jacked up.com, go to get jacked up.com, pardon me and sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order you, you can order your own Power Rock Pro. You'll save 10% off If you use my promo code Candace. Again, just head to get jacked up.com to get started today.


Also, as always reminding you guys about American Financing because with so much happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground prices are high. It seems like nothing is affordable right now. It's somewhere that there are so many people that are consistently relying on credit cards. Well credit card debt is skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. So If you are a homeowner, you do not have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends in American Finance think can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average, people are saving $800 a month. That's a lot of money. Plus they can close your loan as little as 10 days. So do not let the chaos of this economy get the best of you. Call American Financing now. It costs nothing to get started and you might even be able to delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time to call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. It's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


All right, what do you guys have for me today in the comments section? Be nice. Very interesting discussions today. 1984 Truth Speak. That's a great name. Writes, poor, poor Blake Lively. She's under the Candace Owens microscope. It must be worse than a tax audit. I will audit someone's life if they're doing bad stuff. That's my thing. I don't just like go after nice people, right? I just don't like bullies and I hate white collar bullies. That's what we're calling them. White collar bullies. 'cause they have the money to bully people and to call lawyers and stuff. And this update is insane. I mean it's just insane that Stephanie Jones was like, I can do stuff that might criminal because I have the contacts to do that.


That's how I read it. This next person writes traditional Latin mass all the way. Love you girl. Yeah, my cantankerous English priest. I was like, should I start going to English until I understand? And he was like, Nope. Start right with the Latin. And it was a lot. But you know what I have to say about that? It was also really nice to be uncomfortable again. I feel like as we get older, we don't wanna challenge ourselves. We don't wanna be uncomfortable. Like you don't wanna have that first day of school feeling. And that's how I felt like it was like first day of kindergarten. And when you go into a Latin Master's so overwhelming, everyone's speaking Latin and I didn't even know how to use the missile. 'cause you, it doesn't just go in order, you have to flip through. I didn't know anything.


The missile has it. The missile essentially is you have the prayers and the lessons, the epistle in English and also in Latin. But you have to go backwards and forward. And I just didn't wanna go through that. And then once I started going through it, I was like, this is actually nice to not know something and to learn something new. And then you feel so great as you just become more and more familiar. And So I wanna encourage you that you don't not do something because you're gonna be uncomfortable. It's cool to have the, the first day of school jitters and like I said, a year on now my baptism actually it was almost a year to this date, it was April 15th of last year. I feel like I know much more and still know nothing, but I know much more and I'm not uncomfortable anymore.


Zachary Bendixen writes, I spent my entire life, I'm 45 supporting Israel. I think due to government education and mainstream media. Same. I definitely supported Israel because of that. He writes, this recent war, mass murder of women and children changed that thanks to people like you and Ian, Dave Finkelstein Tucker, et cetera. Yeah. And that's why they're so angry. They're angry that common sense is prevailing. You know, I'm not here trying to propagandize you. I'm not being funded by any side of this war. I am just being moral and principled. And people who are being moral and principled are responding to that and wondering why did we support this nation? And it is absolutely true to say government education played a role in that and the mainstream media.


And I would also tack on Hollywood, you know, where we felt, I mean there's so many movies about the Holocaust. And so as soon as someone says like, oh, like you know, October 7th happened, we have this trigger reaction of, oh, okay, well we can never allow that to happen while we're the adults. And then things just went way too far I think. And a lot of us went, okay, this is now happening, but it's not happening to the Israelis, it's happening to the Gazen and we are allowing it to happen again in our watch. We just never imagined a scenario where it would be executed by the Israeli side. That's how I feel. At least I don't mean to speak for you. Angela Limos writes, speaking of deceitful hoes, Blake, help us pray because in my area a gang got ahold of an officer in order to harm him.


They stole my identity in order to do it. Since I'm a police supporter. It happened in San Jose in an area close to a church. I don't, I'm not sure I fully understand that comment. So I'm sorry if I fumbled the ball in reading that Zachary, sorry. A BA writes without a crystal ball discovered the subpoena daily mail printed without credit after. Keep up the good work. This is, people are saying that this mommy sleuth, which is called without a crystal ball, my producer is giving us some context here without a crystal ball, is the one who discovered the subpoena Daily mail, printed it without credit after. Keep up the good work. Thanks. Daily Mail does it the whole time. I so as soon as I saw Daily Mail had it, I should have, I should have known that they took it from somebody else because that's what they do and they never credit.


And it's, it's so crappy. So just give without a crystal ball credit, congratulations without a crystal ball for discovering that subpoena. It was wild. Actually, it's not the subpoena, it's the lawsuit. The Van Z lawsuit. We still don't have a subpoena. Stephanie Jones is keeping that tight and I think, like I said, it's 'cause then they can go after the law firm and they did her a huge favor. Her or Ryan or Blake. A huge favor, which we'll probably be able to slew and find what that relationship is. 'cause it's a really silly one for a legal firm to put it all on the line. Especially one that has such a big reputation. Madison writes, can you do an episode and go into detail on why you converted to Catholicism? I remem I remember my very Irish grandma praying to Mary. I am Protestant. What am I missing?


I think a, a good starting place for you. I never feel, 'cause I'm only a year into my journey that I have the educational and the theological background to do that. I, my husband does, he literally was Protestant, he was Anglican his entire life, very devout until he studied theology at Oxford and then he was drawn towards the Catholic faith. There's a saying and expression that to become a student of history means to become a Catholic. And I can tell you that I understand that the more I started looking into history, I suddenly went, wow, America is very new and there is a lot that we are missing here.


And I felt very compelled towards, and I was honestly deciding I was gonna go Orthodox or I was gonna go Catholic. So I had to sit down with my cantankerous priests and I was like, why shouldn't I be Orthodox? I was very on the fence, but I knew that I was done with Protestantism. And, but a great debate, actually. My husband had a debate with Ally Stuckey, who's lovely. I really like Ally, disagree with her on a lot of points and, but I, she is genuinely a really lovely person. And she's always been very respectful, even if we have disagreements, like she's, she's a good person. And that was a turning point for me. And I remember when they were debating, you can still find this on YouTube. It, I think you could find on YouTube.


I hope Daily Wire might have taken it down, but If you, you should be able to find it on, if not on YouTube, you should be able to find it on Rumble. I think that my daily wire channel is still up on Rumble, so If you go to rumble.com and to hear about conversation, it definitely, I just thought, okay, I think there's a little more history here and I just became Catholic curious, I would say after that conversation, and there are a lot of elements, and I can speak about it loosely, but I don't feel ready yet, if that makes sense. I know I, I, I know I sound like a child, but I do still very much feel like a child, like I'm in elementary school when it comes to Catholic faith and because of who I am, people are not used to that side of me. They're like ready to, I'm gonna debate every point of this and I'm not there.


I'm just not there yet. It's, I'm very new, but I know that I'm, I'm home. Like I definitely know what was wrong with my viewpoints before, which I feel were actually more political than they were spiritual. Farhad writes Crisis King being targeted just like Allah was targeted. Post nine 11, something to think about. What are your thoughts on that pattern? My thoughts on the Crisis King debate fully is they've lost it. So I hopefully next year lent everyone just lets it go and just allows people to say Christ is king and stop trying to pretend that it's like, you know, some conspiracy theory. It's, it's never going away. And by the way, I will say this, just tacking onto the discussion we just had, I was very shocked at how many Protestants were willing to buy the, like Christ is King narrative far right all.


And they were like writing like, oh, it could sometimes be offensive. The Orthodox and the Catholics were like, Nope, goodbye. We're saying Christ King, you're not telling me, you're not gonna tell me. This is not a word. Like they, the way they defend their faith and don't allow it to be politicized or allow people to try to trick them in certain ways, let me know that there was a structure there and an authority there that was not about bending to the times, which I find to be very admirable. Laura writes, I believe I may have found the real Walter, pastor Nick, I sent everything to your tips email address. Thank you. That's a great place to end this episode because I also didn't tell you that the original pastor, Nick, Joe, pastor Nick's son, somebody who knows him very well, reached out and gave us some information about the Pastor Nick family.


Namely, they said there was a Lucy Nik, but she wasn't in the Holocaust. That Harley is not an official relative. And also that they may have had a sister like Emperor Roscoe, who was Joe Niks son, was like, we maybe had a sister, but at those times, like during that time, you didn't talk about those things. So when dad stepped out and maybe got somebody else pregnant, you didn't speak about those things, which I actually tend to believe. So. Yeah, like I said, all of these people, Harley passionate, everyone's just very excited for me to go and have this baby. 'cause I'm not letting anything go and, but I, I'm gonna be back so you can't get rid of me forever. But you, you guys can enjoy a little bit of a break, I suppose.


Anything else other than that? You guys support our show head to the website. Tons of content that you can find there. Vaccine series is a must for parents. Wait until we get into the birth control series. Like I will never allow my daughter to go on birth control after learning what I've learned about the history of birth control. Big Pharma is an evil satanic entity that is established to make us all sick. That is my conspiracy theory for the day and I am sticking to it. But yeah, sign up to support the show. You can also buy some gear. You can head to club Candace dot com or just go to Candace Owens dot com. It's a very easy way to support the work that we do. Other than that, you guys, we'll see you tomorrow.