
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Alright, you guys, Happy Thursday. I'm so sorry that we were off air yesterday. I can definitely explain why. Anyways, what did I miss? While apparently Blake Lively made the time list for most influential people in the universe. Okay, we'll talk about that. Also, there was a very girly space mission. Katy Perry, Gayle King, Lauren Sanchez, they made history. They entered a male dominated sphere and instantly started nagging when they got back. We should talk about it because it is absolutely hilarious. And lastly, Roseanne Barr. Yes, that Roseanne Barr is accusing me of being funded by Qatar, and she's openly stating that she's going to knock me the F out if she sees me.


That's just a typical day in my life. Welcome back to Candace, First and foremost regarding yesterday. Just so you guys know what happened, this is exactly what happened. I woke up wide awake at three o'clock in the morning, was not feeling great. And the first thing that came to my mind was that I desperately needed to organize my son's closets. Like there was nothing more important to me than having the time to organize color coded my son's closets, my multiple son's closets.


And that's what I did. And I think this is called a nesting phase of pregnancy. I actually have never had it before. A lot of women describe it, they get on their hands in their knees and they start scrubbing right before they go into labor or something. And I just really felt that nothing was more important than me organizing. And So I took a day off to organize those closets. They look fantastic. I will say this has, the only thing that's previously happened that's been remotely even close to that was when I had my first child, I had this sense of dread that my husband was going to die. It was totally crazy, like leading up to labor. And I did not want him to leave the house. I basically became, I was just his captor. It was very scary.


And one morning I woke up and he had left the house, or it was when we were living in DC because he went to go for a run. And I just was boohoo crying on the bed when he came home. And I was just like, What? You go, you could have died. You could have been eaten by a wild boar. He was like, this is dc. There are no wild boars. But I was crying hysterically. I don't know, just, I just thought that he was gonna die no matter anywhere he went. And that my sister went through it too. So I know that it's happened to other women where you essentially just make your, your husband stay really close to you and joined at your hip. So I was going through one of those crazy spells this time. I did not capture my husband and leave him in a room, but I did have to do some cleaning.


So that's the truth. Anyways, what did I miss? Well, you guys were tagging me in some breaking news that Blake Lively has somehow made time magazine's list for the 100 most influential people in 2025. Here is the headline in Time Magazine. There's a writeup and she's described as a risk taker. You can see at the bottom there, it says by she Eiffel. Now, oddly, what's very strange about this, this placement in the 2025 time most influential list, is that to justify this placement, they reached out to that woman Sherilyn. She used to work for the naacp. And the reason why she's made this list is because of a financial contribution that Blake and her husband made to the NAACP back in 2019.


I'm not kidding, right? So back during that timeframe, Sherilyn Eiffel served as the seventh president and DI director counsel of the NAACP Legal Defense funds. So we're talking money, okay? And here is what she had to say about Blake. According to that time writeup, she said quote, I don't know, the Blake Lively of the red carpet or the Met Gala. I never watched Gossip Girl, Blake Lively, I know is a philanthropist and a student of our country's most intractable problems. She and her husband, Ryan Reynolds, reached out in 2019 to make a contribution to the NAACP Legal Defense Fund. I had been getting a few of these calls as our work fighting against voter suppression and police brutality was receiving national attention.


I'm always curious about the kind of research that famous people do before they make that cold call to offer their support. The ones that I have remained in a relationship with are those who, like Blake, really did their homework. I admired immediately her curiosity and her sincere work to understand the conditions that shaped this country. I remember an early conversation in which she expressed frustration that so much of our nation's history was not a part of the instruction that she had received as a student. Her commitment to filling those gaps and becoming the most fully informed and prepared citizen is what I appreciate most about her. Blake is a serious person. She's a risk taker, and she's committed to moving this country forward for her children and for mine.


Wow, that is, that is a glowing review about Blake Lively. Cannot deny what she is saying. It's powerful. I feel empowered by it. Blake felt empowered by it. She replied. She said this openly on her Instagram. She's so shocked by this placement. She has revealed this lovely picture of herself in the Time Magazine. And she writes, it's an honor to be acknowledged on the time 100 list for 2025 to be written about by the great Sherilyn. Eiffel is not something I take lightly. Her work has shaped our nation, who she is as a human woman, mother leader, fighter, healer, empath, risk taker, and dream maker. Everyone's a risk taker, has shaped my heart and also my stamina to never stop believing in a future that's better and safer for everyone.


Thank you time and thank you Sherilyn. Beautiful. She says it's an honor. She is blown away. She's completely, her 10-year-old self, she says is blown away right now, but she's made this list. And so people were tagging me because they wanted to know my opinion of this. And I think it is fantastic. I love this. I love this for Blake. I love this so much because she deserves this. One way or another, you have to admit that Blake Lively is indeed influential, okay? You have to respect the monumental level of PR that is taking place here, the monumental level of pr, which is being achieved here. Because if all else fails and people don't like you, you just kind of find a minority, preferably a black person, to tell the world how amazing you are.


And that is very clearly the strategy that is being employed here. Because why else would something that took place in 2019, meaning Blake Lively gave a donation to the NAACP in 2019. Why would that somebody gimme valid or reason? Why would that earn her a spot on a list in 2025? Why? The answer is because the public relations team that is employing strategies right now from yesteryear have engaged the naacp and we're like, remember, remember that donation that we gave you? And speaking of yesterday year, this is even funnier. If you're wondering why it is that Blake, Ryan, Blake, and Ryan decided to give money to the NAACP in 2019.


It certainly wasn't because she was getting deep on the issues and suddenly was like, oh, as, as she describes it, I just hate that my upbringing, I didn't learn real black history. I just right now wanna get involved with this legal defense fund. Like that's not what happened. It wasn't, it wasn't just like suddenly thinking about her middle school experience and what was lacking. Okay? What happened in 2019 was that Blake and Ryan were once again in desperate need of good pr. And I'll say this time it wasn't their fault, but they did it because it was a PR move. You might not remember, but you know, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20, society was pretty unbearable. Everything was racist. Didn't matter who it was, what it was, didn't matter if it was somebody's hair that was just being braided.


And there were like, that's cultural appropriation. What? And then suddenly they were apologizing like, I am so sorry that I put my hair in these braids. I will do the work that needs to be done in order for me to recognize that these braids do not belong on my head. That was what we were living through in 2018 to 2020. And you had to constantly offer these non apologies. It was just not a, it was a fun time, I would imagine, to be white. So there was like the land before common sense. And what happened was Ryan Reynolds tweeted out his support for the movie Black Panthers. Oh no, Mr. Reynolds don't do it. He tweeted out his support.


And so it's amazing this all black cast. And suddenly because white people were walking around on eggshells, there was this massive backlash that happened because the internet police were like, woo, woo. Excuse me, did you say something positive about a black person? Well, let me just dig through your entire life. And they had found out that the couple had committed an under-reported racist offense. He and Blake decided to get married at the Boone Plantation in South Carolina. That's where they got married. There's no slaves in that plantation right now, but, you know, it was all about history. The braids were there ever slaves here, did bad stuff happen here? How dare you get married here?


And people were outraged. And I'm not kidding. I'm, I'm showing you this headline from NBC nudes. It says, Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, Apolo apologize for Plantation Wedding. Now, this is published in 2020. Scroll down here, Skylar, If you can, 'cause I'm just gonna, If you, If you can make it bigger 'cause my eyesight is so bad right now. But it says, Deadpool star Ryan Reynolds said he and his wife are deeply and unreservedly, sorry for holding their 2012 wedding ceremony at a South Carolina plantation. He says it's impossible to reconcile. Reynolds told Fast Company in a profile published on Tuesday. What we saw at the time was a wedding venue on Pinterest.


What we saw after was a place built upon devastating tragedy. And so they were in this little, like, they needed good pr. And so what happened was they decided, it says the move was criticized at the time. You know, he came under renewed scrutiny in 2018 after Reynolds tweeted his support of Black Panther, the first superhero movie to feature a majority black cast. And he was accused of hypocrisy. So they were like, oh my gosh, we're being called racist. What do we do? Well, we're rich, we're fabulously rich, we have money. And so they contacted the NAACP and wrote them a big check. Okay? That's what happened. That's the whole story.


Everybody needed a black friend to make it through 2018. And so Blake and Ryan paid for some, and now they're seeing how far that investment has taken them. They're wondering if it has yielded them some profits, some PR profit five years later. And they're hit, you know, so they're hitting up Shely and we're like, look, we are in trouble again. It worked last time. Could you just say some nice stuff, some nice stuff about us? Because you got, you have higher social currency than we do because you work for the naacp. And they were like, yeah, sure. So yeah, I don't have an issue with this. 'cause it's, it's a very obvious PR move and that's exactly what they're doing. And we'll see if it works with the public. And I wanna say beyond that, in terms of her actions in 2025, I think she's influential.


I think the Justin Baldoni case is incredibly influential. It's bad, influential for her, good influential for society, allowing people to actually see how Hollywood operates. She's influencing the left and the right to come together and to demand justice for Justin Bald. I think that's wonderful. I, I think she's a net positive in 2025. If she wants to tweet pretty pictures of her in a magazine, I am with it. In Other Lady news, we have to speak about this Blue Origin space mission. Okay? Because ah, women, sometimes we can just be such women, you know, it's like we're crying on a bed because our husband goes for a run and we think he's gonna just be taken out in the middle of DC by some hogs that don't live in dc You know, and this is kind of what this mission was 'cause it was just really annoying in all the ways that I didn't want it to be annoying.


So, just to give you guys the facts, on April 14th, Jeff Bezos, you know, he has the, the Private Space Flight Startup, which is called Blue Origin. And they decided to launch six well-known women into space. Here's a picture of the ladies that are going to space. Looks like it could be the cover of a Spice Girls album. I love it. Okay, now the company decided to document the event with a live stream that was hosted by sportscaster Carissa Thompson, more ladies. And they had celebrities, Chris Jenner, Orlando Bloom, Oprah Winfrey that were watching from the ground because we wanted to get as much publicity as possible. Bezos, Jeff Bezos escorted the crew to the capsule and then the rocket blasted into the sky.


There was live audio inside the ship. One of the occupants could be heard screaming. Oh my goodness. Okay, so who went to space? It was Gayle King, former NASA scientist, Aisha Beau, Lauren Sanchez. Jeff Bezos was soon to be wife and journalist research scientists, Amanda Newgen and Katie Perry. And so, you know, gotta have a pop star in there. Plus film producer Carrie Ann Flynn is there. And they promoted this as the first all women space flight because the only other time that a woman went to space, the first was Soviet Union Cosmonaut, Valentina Kova. She was the first woman in space. She made a solo trip back in 1963 and she spent three days in space.


She circled the Earth 48 times and then she landed herself as a feminist icon. So they were kind of trying to redo this thing, redo this historic moment. And they're like, we're just gonna have so many celebrities and activists we're gonna launch them into space. And that then they just made it super girly. Like, okay, but like, what about the fashion? The Lauren Sanchez got together and decided to design the Blue origin suits in collaboration with Oscar de Lorena because like they have money. So they got the creative directors of Oscar Lorena to design these fantastic suits that were tailored to their bodies. 'cause these aren't your regular astronauts. These are hot astronauts. These are babes.


Okay? When we do science, we make it hot and we make it girly. And they were very girly about the adventure. Like, oh, this is a live look and listen of that space adventure. Got it. 1, 2, 3, take out space. Tam Tamir's in space. It's okay. Please Lynn up there. Flynn. Do you look Flynn? I got you. I got you. Flynn. Gotcha.


Proud Of you Flynn. It's like essentially a TikTok party, right? It's like, I mean, it's like a, it's like a girly sleepover party. We can come out of this and of course If you're doing anything girly and you're screaming, woo, Let's paint our nails, let's stay Up late. Let's eat low calorie snacks. You gotta bring in the Kardashians, right? Because the Kardashians always have to be on hand If you wanna be taken really seriously. And this is really about science. You bring along Mama Jenner, you bring along Chloe Kardashian and you bring along Kim Kardashian. And they were all on hand. They all surprised Lauren Sanchez. And they didn't just surprise her with like, Hey, we're here for this amazing mission. They also decided to surprise her by bringing her a lavish, super expensive purse.


Yeah, this is page six. The Kardashian's gifted Lauren Sanchez with an out of this world get it, $7,000 purse after her blue origin space flight. Woo. It was a Judith lever. You guys probably never even heard that, but it's so expensive. Don't even think about it. You can't afford it. You can't touch this. It's out of this world. And they Sanchez decided to share that on her Instagram stories. And she wrote out of this world and tagged them, oh my gosh, could you just imagine being this rich and this wonderful? I just, I, ugh, this is the kind of wealth we all could aspire to. It's so relatable. This is what, this is exactly the direction that the space program needs to go into.


And they decided to also nail onto the gift a, a luxury handbag label. UFO orbiter is what, that's what it's called. The, the UFO or Orbiter bag. And actually, in case you are rich and you're listening to this podcast and you wanna buy it, you can, it retails for $6,995. So woo, go get you some. And they said it, it, you know, the product turns heads. That's what the product description states on the website. Anyways, here's what the Kardashians had to say about the trip. They were on the ground. Take a listen. I am standing by with two women who need no introduction. And Chris, I have to start with you.


What is it like to be here and what brought you all the way out here to this launch? Well, Lauren and Jeff we're here to support our girlfriend and our friends, and I never thought that we'd be talking to you from a space launch for sure. So this is a really unique experience and we're just so honored to be here to support them and, and watch this amazing part of history. And I'm so proud of her. And I just feel like, Not just for all of the female astronauts that are gonna go up today, it's such a big day in history and it's so empowering. Especially my daughter is seven. And just to see something like this, You know, my daughter's only two, and I didn't even share this with her.


I feel ashamed of myself. She's so right. I just want my daughter to know that someday you can be launched with your super wealthy friends and you can get a $7,000 bag. You just have to know the right people. And celebrities will be waiting for you on the ground when you get back. And then we are gonna tell people that you made history. We can just buy this. This is amazing. I just, this is, this is either kind of life lessons I want my daughter to learn. And if there's also another thing that she should learn with Mama Jenner on hand, because she's taught the world a lot over the years. It's that you should never miss a moment to market yourself and make money, right? So you're spending a little bit of money, $7,000, but what money could you be making while you're on this trip? How could you make this more about yourself? And Katie Perry did that.


She decided to promote her Lifetimes tour. She's going on tour, so she promoted it in space. Take a look. This is so girly. Oh, she's holding a little butterfly. And If you zoom in on that little butterfly, it lists all of the songs we see that she's gonna sing on her Butterfly Lifetimes Tour Teenage Dream. How In You Are Cold? Yes. In, you know, woo. 1, 2, 3, girl Power. Anyways, I'm very confused because then these girls landed and no one took them seriously. Yeah, it's crazy. That's obviously gotta be sexism. I I, it's crazy.


And so what Gayle King did when she saw that people were not taking them seriously and were not referring to them as astronauts, she did what women do best. She started complaining. She was just like, okay, we did something, got right into the male dominated space and we just ruined it. Okay? And what she was upset about was the fact that so many articles were written and they were referring to it as a ride rather than referring to it as a very serious space mission. So here is Gail King in an interview on Extra, just, you know, sharing her upset about this. We use space technology all the time, whether it's your GPS, whether it's your satellite, that doesn't just happen every time a flight goes up, they get some type of information.


Two of the astronauts, I still have a hard time calling myself an astronaut, but two of the astronauts on board, one is a rocket scientist, one is an astrophysicist activist. We're actually doing it, doing experiments. But every time one of those goes up, you, you get some information that can be used for something else. So I, I wish people would do more due diligence. And then my question is, have y'all been to space? Have you been to Space? Go to Space or go to Blue Origin and see what they do and how they do. And then come back and say, this is a terrible thing. I I don't like that. People are calling it a ride. A ride. You know, you never see a man, a male astronaut who's going up in space and they said, oh, he took a ride.


We actually duplicated the route that Alan Shepherd did. That's why it's called, this particular capsule is called The New Shepherd. We duplicated that route, that route. No one said he took that ride. Yeah, it's always referred to as a flight or a journey. So I feel that that's a little disrespectful to what the mission was and what the work that Blue Origin does does. Number three, I've had so many girls and women and some guys who are saying, well, I saw what you did. I'm thinking maybe I should reconsider it. Maybe I could do this too. The young girls in particular. But it's not just the young girls. We're also encouraging. I mean, the boys look at it and see what women and young girls can do.


Yeah. So I, you know, I know there are cranky Yankees. I know there's some haters, but I'm not gonna let people steal my joy and steal the joy of what we did or what we accomplished that day. I'm just not gonna let it in. I'm not No, don't let it, don't, don't let it upset you, Gail. You are an astronaut, okay? You are like totally legit astronaut. And what happened on that day was amazing. It, it, it took sleepover party to the next level. It was out of this world. I loved it. Like I loved every second of it. Woo. But as we all know, the patriarchy, yeah, they have to ruin everything.


They're just sexist and jealous And so chauvinistic. And there was nothing to critique about that journey. And they are not being taken seriously. They're not being taken like science people, like the periodic element at a periodic table of elements. You know, like chem people, whatever. And people like Matt Walsh, one of the most, I think patriarchal monsters on the planet had some choice words for Gayle King. Take a listen. Have y'all been to space? Have you been to No, we haven't been to Space, Gail, because we don't have a friend who's dating Jeff Bezos. Okay? We don't have a friend who, who's dating the guy who owns the, the rocket ship.


She actually calls herself an astronaut. Gail, you can call yourself an astronaut in the same sense that my 8-year-old son can call himself an architect because he builds stuff with Legos. Gail King comparing herself to Alan Shepherd, it's li it's, it's like making a phone call in the year 2025 and then comparing yourself to Alexander Graham Bell. It's like saying, Hey, when I, when I made a phone call, I did exactly the same thing that Alexander Graham Bell did in 1876. Anyone who denies my achievement is sexist. Oh sure. When that man, when that man Alexander Graham Bell, when he makes a phone call, you guys act like it's a big deal.


But when I do it, nobody cares. Sexism is alive and well, That's how I feel every time I send a, a text message like people don't appreciate what I'm doing. And it is because of sexism and because they don't see that I am exactly like as Alexander Graham Bell. But here's my bone to pick with Matt Walsh. We have a long running beef on the topic of NASA and moon landings because he thinks they happened. And listen, when the guys did it, it was, it was fake and gay. I'm sorry Matt, and it's time for you to admit it. It was just as bad. You just weren't live for it. Okay? Homies were on the moon making phone calls before the time of cell phones. Like, Hey, what's up Preez? It's me on the moon with the flag.


No issues. First time we've ever flown this thing. Yeah, I don't know. We just, we just got through the belt pretty easily. And until Matt Walsh accepts that the mission in 69 was also fake and gay, I don't care. I can't defend you. Even if I fully agree with you about Gayle King, I won't. I I literally cannot defend you. Okay? You must come to terms with the fact that NASA and space missions have always been this bacon gay, you just weren't alive for the original ones. And you need to learn the history of nasa, of the Apollo programs, which were oc, cult and Satanic. It was literally meant to be an antichrist movement to make people believe in man it's a fact.


I'm gonna show you guys. It's like you can look up, look this up anywhere. Look up Jack Parsons and the Apollo program. They just wanted people to believe in scientific advancement. The guy who created the Apollo program was this guy Jack Parsons. Can you pull up this clip Skylar? You know, this is from a podcast, the Science History Institute, museum and Library. This is one of their podcasts. And you scroll down here and you again are probably gonna have to make this bigger for my eyes. But like at the top here, you know, Jack Parsons was a brilliant rocket scientist, but he lived a wild lifestyle with the devil may care attitude. He was pretty relaxed about safety and dabbled in drugs, oc cult practices and sex cult rituals. It would all eventually kept catch up with him though.


And quite literally they were throwing these sex rituals, these, and, and he believed that he had summoned the devil. And the devil told him that he needed to create a moon child. Next thing you know, they're telling us we made it to the moon. I mean, you gotta look into Jack Parsons and the origin of nasa. I'm telling you, space has always been exceedingly fak and gay. It was Fak and gay when the men did it. And it's now Fak and gay because the women did it. So go back and watch our na NASA episode to learn more about the establishment of the Apollo program and why it's always been a cult in Satanic and about devil worship and about the antichrist. It's, it's just undeniable. It's just, it's like a part of history that's just real.


So challenge. I'm challenging you Matt Walsh once again until you say Candace, you were right. Space is not real. I'm just a guy and grew up with little astronaut figurines and I can't let it go because a little boy in me doesn't wanna say no.


All Right guys, coming to some sponsors. PaleoValley, I eat paleo when I am pregnant. I've been eating paleo at least for the last couple of months. Something I have been craving this pregnancy is beef sticks. Specifically the ones from my friends at PaleoValley. PaleoValley makes their meat sticks with 100% grass-fed beef sourced from a small scale regenerative American farm. So you can feel good about where you're, what you're eating and what you're supporting. They've stripped out all the junk. There's no preservatives, gluten soil, soil, soy or soil sugar, dairy or GMOs. Just clean nutrient dense fuel the way that food was really meant to be. So whether you are road tripping, working late, running around with the kids, these sticks deliver high protein energy without the crash. So If you're keto, paleo, carnivore, it doesn't matter because PaleoValley will work with your lifestyle, not against it. They come in five bold flavors. Jalapeno, which is my favorite. There's original summer sausage, garlic, summer sausage and teriyaki. So there's something for everyone. With over 55 million beef sticks sold PaleoValley is trusted, proven, and backed by a 60 day money back guarantee. Right now you'll get 20% off your first order. If you head to PaleoValley dot com slash CANDACE and you use code Candace at checkout, that's PaleoValley dot com slash Candace and use promo code CANDACE at checkout.


Also reminding you tax season is upon us. Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you missed the April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement every day that you wait just makes it worse. You know that with over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizure, bank levies and wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels that we have not seen in years. Increased administrative scrutiny means collections are moving very fast as well. But there is good news because there is still time for Tax Network USA to help you self-employed or a business owner. They can help both. If you books are a mess, they have got you covered Tax Network. USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It is not too late to regain control. Your consultation will be completely free. And If you act now, you could stop the penalties of threatening letters and surprise levies levies before they even escalate. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. You may have missed April 15th, but you have not run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes next move. Again, call 1 809 5 8 1000 or simply visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


Alright, Roseanne Barr. Roseanne Barr. You guys know Roseanne Barr? You grew up watching her on TV on Roseanne and then she kind of got canceled. I don't remember what she got canceled for, but I feel like it had something to, to do with Black Lives Matter. Oh, I know what it was. She said Valerie Jarret looked like a a person from the planet of the Apes and unbeknownst to her a black Valerie Jarrett is like part black. So they were like, this is the, you cannot say that Valerie Jarrett looks like someone from of the, because she's like 25% black. I remember this whole scandal and then she got canceled 'cause she was doing her new show. And also Valerie Jarret does objectively speaking look like someone from Plano AEs.


Like I, I did the side by side comparison on my old show. We all look like someone, you know, my sister used to pick on me and tell me I look like an aunt. You know, like she somebody, it looked like B Bala from Ants. Just like everyone looks like someone. And Valerie Jarrett does happen to look like a person from the recent Planet of the Apes movie. Like whatever. But I, I can say that 'cause I'm black Mark safe. You guys should not say that. So don't say it. Okay? Do not say that. That's very racist. Anyway, so Roseanne Barr, I've been on her show before She's been, it was So I actually been to her house before. She was unbelievably kind. Her son was unbelievably kind. And Roseanne Barr does say things to be over the top and theatrical and she I guess got very thug life because she's super pro-Israel and when they don't have an argument to make, they just accuse you of being funded by Qatar.


And this has been a repeat charge, I don't know over the last couple of months. And I have very openly stated, I would like to be funded by Qatar. Like Qatar, If you are watching, please I have no issues. They're not gonna like reverse psychology me. You come at me with $3 million. I'll read ads for guitar. Oh guitar, whatever I don know use a guitar train. I don't know Guitar. Guitar is own like all of London. I would love to stay at one of their hotels. I have no issues with that. It's just, I'm actually not funded by guitar. That's the only thing. But this is what they're saying 'cause they're just all out of like debates and they're just like, everybody's funded by Iran and everybody's funded by guitar. And so she goes on this podcast which is called the Mislabeled podcast. It's Hope it, it's hosted by a guy named Label Whiner and she threatened to knock me the F out and house inhabit loved this Jessica Reid Krause, you know the person who starts stuff and then pretend she's a victim.


So she's like sharing this like, oh look at Candace's funded by guitar. 'cause Roseanne Barr said it. Here's what Roseanne Barr said. What's her take on Candace Owens Monster? If I see the knock her the out, she's an Islamist. Everything she says is straight out of it. It obviously comes down to this. She's taking the Qatari money. Hello. There's nothing else. Where do you think this came from? 'cause she obviously used to Be she's getting paid by Jew. So she was doing that number. But I think when she got fired for being a Jew hater and she is a Jew hater on every level and from medieval times with her blood libel bullshit and all that stuff, Breezy wow by guitar.


I learned so much about myself on the internet and I'm just, this one really deeply upsets me. 'cause I, I do want the money. I just wanna be very clear on the record, I want the Qari money. Okay? But anyways, I just wanna show you guys everything is performative. Everything is Fak and gay, you know, kind of a theme of the show. And Roseanne Barr, you are included in that because she does these things and she says stuff like that and before it even airs, she always messages me and is like, oh, just letting you know this is coming out. But like I, I, you know, I love you and you know, I was just kinda like playing it up to the camera. She's done this like three times now and it's just getting a little bit like Roseanne, come on man. Stop trying to create viral clips. Stop saying the stuff that you know isn't true. I'm not gonna come at you hard 'cause I just don't really care to.


I also kind of respect my elders and I had a pleasant time with you, but I'm gonna show you before this podcast even dropped because nothing is real. Like I want you to know that nothing in Hollywood is real. Everyone's just playing a role. This is what she messaged me after she got off the podcast. She said, this is a, a private X dm. She said, well I did it again this time I was super triggered and made a rather aggressive comment on a podcast about you. Yeah, rather aggressive. You, you threatened to punch me in the face, knock me the F out. And I'm like nine months pregnant. It's not very nice. She said it sounded very insane looking back at their edit and I wanted to reach out and get ahead of it. Obviously you and I have big disagreements and I'm a crazy old Jewish lady, but I suspect that they're going to try to make it go viral to pump up their podcast.


And hopefully you treat it as another big mouth Roseanne moment. But If you don't and wanna argue about it publicly or whatever, that's your right. Of course. With all that set aside, we really do need to figure out a way to keep the right from faction. They, the elites took down the left by getting them to have arguments internally and they're doing it to us now. I feel it's a divide and conquer thing and I hate myself that I got caught up in it at times. Why privately though? You know what I'm saying guys? Why? It's like everybody's so fake. I just don't under this is why I don't like Hollywood and I don't like politics 'cause I just deal with people as they actually are. If she felt that way, if she felt that she got caught in a moment, put that on your ex feed.


Like don't trash talk. The podcast people of them trying to get you all hyped to say stuff privately to me while you're trash talking me publicly to them. And again, I respect my elders. I'm not coming at her hard. I'm not gonna respond to it because it's an ad homi and ridiculous attack and nothing that she said is true or of substance, but I just wanted to show you guys that nothing's real. There's nothing is real at all. Okay? Just it's everybody's fake, everyone.


Anyways, you guys, when I tell you to drink Seven Weeks Coffee, it's America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. They are called Seven Weeks Coffee because it's seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean and at the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've thus far raised $800,000 for these these centers and they've saved thousands of lives. I can tell you the coffee is fantastic. It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acid, organically farmed checks all the boxes. And right now when you subscribe a Seven Weeks Coffee, you'll get a free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you. So whether you're traveling, working, adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and letting the to-go bags steep for a few minutes. So head to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and you'll save 15% forever when you subscribe, plus exclusively from my listeners. If you use Code Candace at checkout, you'll get an extra 10% off your first order. So that's a total 25% saving on your first order If you just head to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace at checkout today.


And also reminding you guys about American Financing because with everything that's happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground prices are high and it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. And it's no wonder that so many people are relying on their credit cards. Credit card debt is skyrocketing in the process and it's leaving a lot of people feeling tremendously stressed out. So If you are a homeowner and you don't, you should know that you don't have to face this uncertainty all alone. You can call my friends in American Financing and they can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind in real savings. On average people just like you are saving $800 a month, plus they may close your loan in as little as 10 days. Do not let the chaos of this economy get the best of you. Call American Financing right now. It costs nothing to get started and you may even be able to delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. Call 8 7 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 8 7 9 5 12 10. Or simply visit American Financing net slash Owens. That's American Financing net slash Owens.


All right, I'm excited to read some of your comments, but everything just not being real in this world. Nothing in this world is real. Okay? I don't know how I lost this document. Here we are. First up, we have sewer suicide productions regarding Matt Walsh. He, he writes quotes, the moon landings being fake would be too big of a lie for that many people to go along with. Also Matt Walsh. Everything that happened in 2020 was a lie. Yes. This is a longstanding debate between me and Matt Walsh. And I will win it. I will be persistent. I will nag, I will be a woman. And eventually one day he will go onto a show and he will say what he needs to say and that what he is gonna say is, Canice, I'm sorry you were right about everything.


That's what I, I feel like that day is coming very soon. Kate writes, that was hurtful Candace true but hurtful also. How many women work at NASA don't get to go to space? Really gross as a current engineering student, I mean, they brutalized us. They embarrassed us. Okay? We just have to admit women when we get annoying. And that was like, I've oof I the cringe, the absolute cringe. It's okay. You know, stereotypes are real. You know, we nag a little, we're a little annoying and that's okay. We don't need to try to pretend we're not. But I, I I just can't believe that then they're gonna like gaslight us and pretend, well no one's taking us seriously.


You didn't take yourself seriously. I mean the fashion designers girl power. Woo, which spice girl are you? I'm baby spice. I'm scary spice. It's just really, really bad terror rights. If these women wanna be known as astronauts, then I'm a pilot. Can we please be teleported back to reality? The insanity is exhausting. It is, it is. There's something about it that's also just as Matt said, it's just like wealthy people laughing at us. This, there's nothing here that's scientific. It's just like I now have so much money that I can just do whatever I want and I'm bored with spending it. And So I guess like kind of going to the earth surface sounds fun with my girlfriend.


That's what this is. And things that we're gonna get custom things made by our super rich billionaire friends to greet us when we get back. It's, it is pretty exhausting. Chris d writes, I'm a legit carpenter. This desk from Ikea was not easy to build. It might mean I, I I, I don't know what the context of that is, But yes, I, I think it was 'cause of Matt said something about his daughter. And Ikea stuff does get tricky to build. It's the little pieces. Sonya Lazada writes Peace and blessings to you and your family. Candace Christ is king and he has risen. Yes, tomorrow is good. Friday my friends and Easter is on Sunday. Paula in Ohio writes, I giggled just reading the title of the upcoming show.


Can't Wait. You honestly Speak for All of Us. When you point out the obvious idio Idiocracy happening in Hollywood, I they just can't see themselves. I think Jeff Bezos obviously has to be smart and I don't know, like I said, I think he's just like the geeky kid that made it and he is just like, this is my wife and she's hot and she's always got her boobs out. And so I'm smiling and happy all the time 'cause I have more money than I can possibly spend, right? He, they, they are like wanting to do the opposite of hood rock things with their friends, just like totally out of touch things with their friends while they pop champagne and laugh at us. Shelby Adamson writes, A good friend was diagnosed with inflammatory breast cancer stage three, her doctor prescribed a PET scan.


Insurance is denying she can appeal, but it will take months. Please do a deep dive on the insurance industry. Crisis king. Yeah, the insurance industry. You don't have to do a deep dive. It's a total scam. It's a total scam. It is, it is one facet of the pharmaceutical industry and it always has been a scam. And people get it wrong when they're like, oh, you know it, it should be free healthcare should be free. No, it should be affordable. It should be like walking into CVS to buy Tylenol Affordable. And it could be if we got the insurance companies out and they weren't doing deals behind the scenes. But don't get me on a rant about that because I will keep ranting. Brian writes, I call Cage match between Canice and Blake Lively, Justin Baldoni to referee.


I have no beef with her. I'm just calling out the obvious PR move here. I mean, where did I lie? How do you give money in 2019 and make a list for being influential? And why would you pick the naacp you know, former general counsel, whatever she is to issue a, I don't even know her as a celebrity. Yeah, you know her as a rich person because that's how you guys make money. People that need good PR when they're being accused of racism cut big checks to the naacp. I mean, what, what do you want me to do? This is why everybody hates me. He said just don't go along with the thing. Anyways guys, If you want someone to be a black person by your side who will say nice things about you, If you cut them a check, I'm happy to do that.


If you find yourself, maybe you're a Qatari watching this right now. Maybe you're a white person and you're being just pay me al I will, I will be your friend. I will pop up and I'd be like, she's Shelby is wonderful. I don't know Shelby as anything other than a wonderful human being always so kind And so gracious as I cash her $100,000 into my bank account. That's the naacp. Love them, love what they're doing. They hope racism never dies because then they'd be out of business. Of course. Anyways, you guys, that is all we have for you today reminding you. We just started Hollywood Babylon, the book club yesterday. We already went so deep and we, I think I only read four pages, but leading up to us discussing just everything that's happening, the occult about why it's called Hollywood Babylon, this book is just absolutely incredible and it makes it even better knowing that the elites hate it and try to debunk it all the time.


So you can sign up to join the book club and we've literally only read the first four pages. So head to can stones.com, join the book club, monthly book club, get this book. And our next meeting is on April 25th at 6:00 PM Eastern. You can also wire@canstones.com. Buy yourself some gear. We've got great stuff. Anti-feminist, make 'em a sandwich. Girls just wanna have manly men. All different types of colors have been restocked 'cause you guys have loved this line. So you can head there and you can also pre-order my book, which is called obviously Make 'em a Sandwich or that you guys, we will see you tomorrow.