
All Right, guys. Happy Tuesday. It's only Tuesday and things are just getting crazy already. This week we have a crazy update in the Diddy case. Apparently, private investigators are going door to door in California questioning social media influencers about whether or not they are being paid to say bad things about Diddy. And one influencer is saying that they offered her more money. It's not that she was receiving any money to basically just start saying good things about Diddy. I mean, what the heck is going on? I mean, should I take money to say good things about Diddy? How much money would it take to get me to say good things about Diddy? Plus, miss Universe was crowned, and it's a white woman with blue eyes from Denmark, and people are really so happy on X about this.


They're celebrating the fact literally that she's, that she's white with blonde hair and blue eyes. And some people are saying That's racist. But also, do you understand why they're excited? Since it kind of feels like we went through a phase where it wasn't okay to be white? Plus, we have Andrew and Tristan Tate. They scored a major, major, major, major, major win in their initial human sex trafficking trial in Romania. And honestly, today the running theme is that I feel that I have held the line on positions that were not so popular to have. And then I was proven right? And that is also the circumstance. Unfortunately, I, I hate to say I told you so, but American missiles have now been fired into Russia. And I was correct about that as well.


We're gonna talk about all of it. It's really important that you understand what is happening. 'cause we could very much be on the brink of World War iii. Welcome to Candace, The Diddy case. Man, it just keeps delivering us so many surprises. I mean, really is one of the most intriguing cases that will, I think when everything is said and done, is going to serve as a major turning point in Hollywood culture. I really think it is the end of the golden decades, so to speak. People no longer admiring Hollywood types.


They realize, we all realize that they really are just a bunch of drug adult prostitutes and pimps that were given money, luxurious cars and glam squads to hypnotize the public into believing that they were something more. But they're utterly worthless. They're all worthless. They're part of a pagan cult that believe in their own godliness because of designer clothes, fast cars, fawning fans. And I wanna be clear, we all contributed to that culture. All of us, myself included. I got put on punishment. My mom punished me for two weeks because she said I was idolizing Christina Aguilera. She dropped Jeanie in a bottle. I used to race home Jeanie in a bottle. And I used to listen to TRL and make sure that she was number one. And my mom was like, this is sick and disturbing, and you're punished.


'cause the Bible says idolizing is wrong. And I thought she was crazy. Now, I wish I was punished for a month. I feel like we were all pretty much baptized in modernity, like really believing that God and loving God is for freaks and they're weird and, but celebrities are cool. That's cool. We should follow them instead. And then this Diddy case comes along and we're suddenly given a glimpse of the wizards behind the curtains. And they're weird. They're very weird. And it began, of course, just as a quick refresher with that producer, little Rod, I mean, really began with Cassie. But then Little Rod dropped that lawsuit and it fundamentally exposed another blackmail ring. He was naming powerful executives who were part of that ring.


And I wanna be clear, the media still will not discuss those very many, much more powerful individuals that he alleged we're sitting on top of the Diddy ring. Okay? Then we sort of realized that the media has always been complicit in laughing away. Diddy's criminality. Recently, a man who rented out a mansion to Diddy for Meek Mill's 27th birthday revealed that he was asked to, to remove all of the locks in the mansion so that Diddy could install his own locks. He wanted, Diddy wanted to make sure that the doors, he was able to lock them from the outside and that he would be the only person that was supplied the master key. So you imagine you're like, Hey, I'm gonna be on Airbnb. I'm gonna rent out this mansion, the Diddy.


Oh, that's wonderful, and make so much money. What? How much? Okay, I'll give you $25,000 for one night. Amazing things like, but hear me out. I'm gonna need you to remove all the locks. I gotta install my own locks, and I have to be the only one that has the key. Totally normal stuff. He also said that they installed their own smoke alarms, which is also quite strange. I don't know what's, what. Maybe those were cameras. Who knows? Why would you wanna install your own smoke alarms if the other ones are working? And it just sounds terrifying when I say it. But here he is. Diddy on Conan O'Brien many years ago, making it sound like it was laugh out loud, funny that he wanted to like lock people into rooms. Take a listen. We need alcohols right?


Alcohols right? Not just one alcohol alcohols, right? Just different. Different blend. You need the ladies, you need the booze. You need some water For watering plants. No. No. I don't know if guys have noticed this. Like a lot of ladies drink water at parties. They just, you know, so you have, If you don't have what they need, they're gonna leave. Right? Right. Gotta keep 'em there, right? You, you need locks on the doors. Okay? This is sounding kind of dangerous. Now it's a little kinky, but you know, yeah. Yeah, It's a little kinky. And yes, it apparently was very dangerous. To be clear, that property manager of the house, which did he rented for Meek Mill's birthday, is a man named Jason Haight.


He recently spoke out to do the Daily Mail and said that after the party when they had to clean up, they found tons of cocaine, half empty bottles of liquor, used condoms and blood stained beding. He said the bedrooms the following day were disgusting. Now, I don't know if he feels like a hero for speaking to a daily mail today, because I feel like if I rinsed at my house and I found like blood and drugs, I'd probably call the police. But he didn't do that. I guess this is just par for the course in Hollywood where everybody is, like I said, disgusting and a part of this pagan culture. So all of this is coming out now, but it should be made very clear that the media did not want to cover this. Don't forget, I was called a conspiracy theorist for speaking about little Rod's allegations.


I would not let it go because it was very clear to me that we were uncovering what looked to me to be like a federal, federally approved blackmail ring in Hollywood, which made so much more make sense to me in my mind about why celebrities support these demonic causes. Why celebrities get behind everything that is so poisonous for the American mindset while they're, why they're pushing it and pedaling it. Sex, pornography, drug culture. It's all coming down from celebrities. Then you go, oh, well, because they're being blackmailed. Mm. Starting to make a little bit more sense. So yeah, it was independent media that held onto these allegations until it became unavoidable. When did he handed himself over to be arrested?


And truly until that very moment, it was us social media influencers and small time reporters that kept this case alive and in the public. And one such person was a young woman named Amala Enobi. She's a prominent YouTuber who received a very suspicious visit yesterday to, fortunately, a prior address of hers that was on file in California. Take a listen to what she tells the public about that visit. Two private investigators just visited a place I used to live in search of me, and they were coming to ask me whether or not I've been paid to talk about P Diddy and his connection to other celebrities on my show. Now, luckily, the person I used to live with called me on the phone So I could talk to these guys.


They did not immediately disclose that they were private investigators. I had to coax that out of them through being quite hostile to them throughout the conversation. But they kept bringing up my content that I made in regard to P Diddy and his connection to other celebrities. They would not say who they were working for and who had hired them to come and travel around to these different influencers. But they did say that they would be going to multiple influencers who are talking about these stories to figure out whether or not they're being paid by a specific entity to share them. Now, I am definitely not paid to talk about what I talk about on my channel, but they said, not only would they pay me to disclose who I was being paid by, but they would pay me more than whatever I was getting to share the opposite story. I don't know who these guys were. I don't even know if they were telling the truth, but they did say there were 10 other influencers that they were going to be visiting.


So I'm putting this out there in case this happens to anybody else. And I'll be going more in depth as to what happened on my show today in case you want any further information. But this is very, very strange. It's unbelievably strange that they would be knocking door to door and offering people money. But look, she's just one person maybe. Maybe she's completely lying about things, except it turns out that she wasn't lying. She's definitively being truthful. And she wasn't the only person that got visited. A standup comedian named Samson Kupin also received a visit and he was able to catch these private investigators on camera, take a look, and to listen Very simply, we just hired to speak to a few people that do, you know, have a lot of followers and stuff like that on different Platforms.


What is this about the Diddy stuff I report on? Somewhat, yes, I don not necessarily Diddy stuff, but you know, people are involved in just stuff like that. So basically very simple question is, is are you paid to influence that, that that's those stories like that in any Direction? No, not at all. That's all we wanted to know. 'cause if the company is, you know, they're looking into people who are Talking, are you guys gonna pay me for this visit? Like this is frightening. So like I'm honestly, I'm super, you have to admit, if I came to your house and like I thought this was a joke, I thought I have a friend coming over business right now. Like this is extremely weird for me. I have a hundred thousand followers. I'm not making any money. That's, that's One of the reasons why we're here.


And that's the question that we're asking. If someone contact you say in the last six months and is paying you to influence in a certain way, no, Very simply, if somebody was paying you, right? The company we work for are just asking that question, right? If somebody was, they would just be willing to possibly offer you money to know who and see what's going on to try to, wow. So once again, you see that they say that they're working for a company and that they're willing to offer money for information. So the question is, what the heck is going on? Who hired these men? What company do they work for? What company would have a vested interest in the Diddy case? Well, I would say a lot of them, I would say maybe every celebrity that's ever been featured at a Diddy party who has been suspiciously quiet, might have a vested interest in figuring out whether or not these influencers are being paid, which they aren't.


None of us are of course being paid to cover the story or covering the story because it should be of interest. It should have been wall to wall from the moment these lawsuits were dropped, it should have been wall to wall coverage. And so they're interested, as Amal says, in influencing things in the other direction. I would imagine Universal Music group, who the media has been completely mum about all of the executives that were named in that initial lawsuit, as the people that are on the top of that blackmail ring might also have a vested interest in seeing whether or not influencers are being paid to speak about the case. And maybe like Amala is alleging being paid even more to influence it in the opposite direction. And so if they're doing this, they know that it is within their right to do it. I have not yet looked into what the private investigative investigative laws are in California, but clearly they know that they're allowed to do this.


Clearly they are unashamed in explicitly offering money for information explicitly as a model alleges offering money for them to influence in the other direction, which I suppose would be legal. But it is very telling that somebody in Hollywood is scared. They're very scared. Maybe it's, did he himself, did he, by the way, according to prosecutors, is trying to obstruct justice from jail and he's been making several phone calls from other inmates lines offering them money and telling his children how to influence public opinion. Maybe it's Diddy's company himself. I mean, he'd be an absolute moron to not think that they would be able to, to discover that. But this case is getting a lot more interesting. And I have to tell you guys, it is, it is crucial that you continue to follow this case because this is at the crux of all of the Hollywood corruption.


I mean, I, it is shocking how many people attended these parties, the photos that are now coming out, a girl completely naked, covered in sushi as a bunch of people are smoking and drinking around her and eating off of her. I mean, this photo was premiered in the Daily Mail. This is just a birthday party that he was having. And now that we know that people were drugged and that there were allegedly people that were underage at these parties, all of Hollywood could fall, all of Hollywood could fall. And guess what? I wanna be clear. I am here for that. I am ready for Hollywood Babylon to fall.


All Right guys, A quick break before we get into this Putin story. Very important that you understand what is happening in that region. First, going to tell you about Field of Greens. 'cause Black Friday is just around the corner, and that means the biggest sale of the year for my friends over at Brickhouse Nutrition is on. If you haven't tried their products yet, this is your chance to save a ton on all of their doctor formulated products. Field of Greens is one of my favorite products that they have. Field of Greens has a full serving of fruits and veggies in every scoop with essential prebiotics, antioxidants, minerals, and vitamins. This product supports gut health, digestion and your metabolism. Right now, you will save 30% on their bestselling fruit and vegetables super drink, which promises your doctor will notice your improved health or you will get your money back. Everything on their site is on sale, and there is no better time of year to take your health to a new level. So visit Field of Greens dot com and use the code V-I-P-V-I-P. Pardon? That's promo code VIP at Field of Greens dot com. Once again, that promo code VIP at Field of Greens dot com.


Okay, this is one of those stories where I hate to say I told you So I really do hate to say I told you so, and it's been such a frustrating experience for me. And honestly, I'm angry at conservatives. Like I, I was about to go on just another Twitter rant and I said, let me stop myself because are you guys also so tired of these soft conservatives where they don't seem to have clear morals or principles that are guiding them, but they know that they can bet on if they offer an apology and change their mind, once it becomes basically like the majority opinion, then they can kind of stay in everybody's good graces. Like they never wanna stake a position on something that's controversial right away. Like I was the first person when the Ukraine stuff was going on. Not kidding.


And I got completely Pillared left and right by people going, oh, are you a Putin supporter? Blah, blah, blah. When the invasion started, and all I did was simply read Putin's speeches. This is a real tweet for me. This is a real tweet for me. From three years ago. I wrote, I suggest every American who wants to know what's actually going on in Russia and Ukraine, read this transcript of Putin's address. As I've said for a month, NATO under the direction from the United States is violating previous agreements and expanding eastward. We are at fault. You can imagine the press coverage on this left in, right? Oh, she, she's telling people to read Putin's speech, but Putin dictator, dictator. And it's like, guys, have you figured it out yet that our press lies about everything?


They lie about everything. Of course, they were lying about this. This is of course the warhawks, of course the CIA, of course, operation Mockingbird. Suddenly they're able to get people who couldn't even point out UK Ukraine on a map to suddenly start posting flags, the Ukrainian flags, which they definitely did not know that was a Ukrainian flag until they, like, fortunately Apple suggested it when they were typing it on their keyboards. Like, oh yeah, that's it. That's the Ukrainian flag. I support Ukraine. Why do you support Ukraine? What do you know about this region? You support it because propaganda works and because the Western media, I would argue, is more propagandist than the East, than the Eastern media. I'm not even kidding. I would make that argument today. But of course I was called a Putin puppet. Oh, she must be on the Kremlin's payroll conservatives, like I said, and liberals alike were just like, how dare she not understand the newest plight, the never ending war We got out of Afghanistan yesterday, but we're getting involved in Ukraine today.


And so now I have been proven correct, and people are now starting to speak about World War III and are now starting to speak about and dialogue about nato. And so in case you don't know the backstory, okay, the reality is is that the Soviet Union, before they agreed to, to taking down the Berlin Wall, they were given assurances by America, the uk. I mean, you can actually look this up. Here is a website that I'm, I'm, and I'm gonna provide the link for this, all of the declassified documents that show that NATO gave, I'm sorry that the West gave security assurances to the Soviet leaders. And they said to Gorbachev, they said, Hey, we will not expand, not, we promise If you do this and you agree to this and you agree to everything that we're saying, we promise NATO will never expand one inch eastward.


That was what they wanted. They said, we're, we're willing to work with the West, but obviously you guys have, we we don't want your military on our borders. And they said, no, it's fine. We'll do that totally. And then suddenly we start expanding eastward, okay? It was their red line. They were always very clear about this. Putin was giving speeches leading up to this saying, hi, do you see that the West is just able to just say whatever they want and then change their mind? Then suddenly call us the problem that they, that they can't do a deal and stand by their word and that they just convince the public that somehow we're the bad guys. So I didn't have to rely on Putin's word. I don't need to be a Putin puppet. I needed to rely upon declassified documents that our government has available to us.


Declassify documents that show that we did in fact give those security assurances from Baker to Bush, to Gates to Thatcher, to Major, to Warner. They were given so many assurances that NATO would not expand, and we did it. Okay, that makes us the imperialist. And then it was even worse, guys, because we staged a coup in Ukraine. I mean, you really have to wrap your head around what we are doing. Put yourself in that circumstance. Okay? Let's say there's a country that you view to be an adversary. Let's call it China. Let's say China. I think China is a threat, a a reasonable threat to America. And we decide to do a deal with China, and we say, okay, China, we'll do a deal with you. I wanna be very clear. Part of our deal is that you, you cannot put troops on our border, not in Mexico, not in Canada, nowhere around us.


And China says, yeah, that's cool. It's 1989, let's do the deal. Let's shake our hands. But then they say, oh, well we are gonna put troops everywhere. We're gonna put troops in Costa Rica, we're gonna put troops in Ecuador. And we're going, Hey, like, didn't we kind of agree that you, you, that you wouldn't expand this way? And then finally they go, we're gonna put, we're gonna put troops in Mexico and we're gonna put troops in Canada. How are you feeling? How are you feeling about an adversary, which gave you security assurances, who is are now basically surrounding you with the military? You are going to react, okay? Of course you're going to react. If you didn't react to it, you would be a bad leader. Of course, America would say, we need to, we need to go to war.


We need to defend our land. And not only that, then we find out that China illegally stages a coup in Mexico and installs their own presidents. We did that in Ukraine on the border of Russia. We just overthrew a duly elected leader and said, now we got somebody that America can control in there. We did that in 2014. This is the reality. You have to wake up to what America has been doing. We have been the imperialists and we are not doing this. The deep state is not doing this. The CIA and the Mossad working together to do all this crap. It's got nothing to do with the American people. They're not doing this for us. Maybe to the families that are corrupt and are involved, like the Bidens, the McCains, the NeoCon class of people who I deeply resent, but not you, you and me.


Now, if they just want to be able to use our sons to go die in their never ending wars as they imperialize, expand and steal from other nations, that's the truth. Okay? And If you wanna hear a little bit more about that, I mean, I said that day one, day one, I would not support what was happening in Ukraine. But here is Tucker discussing that on Rogan recently, I think maybe like six months ago. Take a listen. So I personally think the invasion was a bad idea. It didn't help anybody. I'm against war. I'm sad the war's ongoing, but they were pushed to this by a more powerful country, which would be the United States of America with the threat of including Ukraine in nato. It's really simple. And right before the invasion days before the invasion, they send poor Kamala Harris, who has no idea what day it is to the Munich Security Conference, an area she knows nothing about, no experience in it at all.


And they send her there for one purpose, which is to announce at a press briefing with all the cameras rolling to Zelensky right there. She says, we want you to join nato. What Crazy You no, no other NATO members were clamoring for Ukraine. It didn't even qualify for NATO membership. Why would you say that? When Clinton, when Putin's got troops masked on the Ukrainian border, you send your vice president to the Munich Security Conference with the world watching and say this, that no one even really wants. Why would you do that to provoke war? Obviously, what's the other reason? And it was scripted. Like Kamala Harris is not free balling stuff. Like she's saying what she's told to say. Obviously it's not her area. She doesn't know anything about this stuff.


She was told to say that, but why? To provoke a war, obviously. So that was my read. I said that on Fox News. Not a lot of people liked it, but it just seemed obvious to me. I'm not making excuses for Putin. Please. I wanna protect the United States. And I think this war really hurts the United States. Like my motives are always right out there. And that my friends is a part of the reason why Tucker was fired from Fox because he stopped pedaling the Warhawk talking points and realized that he has children that could be drafted into these wars. He started hating the NeoCon class. As much as I hate the NeoCon class, you know, it's not ironic. It's not like, it's like not a coincidence that me and Tucker are always on these lists.


You know what I mean? I showed you yesterday like we're on Israel's list of people who they say were being influenced by Qatar. We were on a list of people that Zelensky said were being influenced by Putin. And no, of course we're not being influenced by anyway. We're just trying to tell the American people the truth. And sometimes, apparently it takes three years for American people to wake up to the truth. Because If you go look at those comments of me sharing what Putin said and speaking about nato, everyone was like, oh, I'm with you Candace. I just don't understand. Don't you? Don't you understand the threat of Russia? And I knew that one day people would wake up to the ridiculous Cold War propaganda and recognize that Russia has a smaller GDP than California, okay? They are not trying to expand and recreate the Soviet Union. That's a nonsense.


The threat is the European Union, okay? The threat is the go globally estate. We are everything that, so the Soviet Union aspired to be, it's just look at a map, guys. I mean, it's just, it's just insane that people believe this rhetoric over and over again. They're lying to you about immediately from the very beginning. We're always lying about what was happening between Ukraine and Russia. This is, I'm telling you that they're also lying to you about what is going on in the Middle East right now with Israel. Does it make me popular? I'm not here to be popular. I'm here to make sure that we have a country that is free for my children to grow up in. I don't care about being invited to the right parties. I don't care about being controlled by certain lobbying groups, by getting money, by having the right sponsorships, by being applauded by the donor class.


I hate the donor class, okay? The people that got us into this predicament in the first place. And so you now need to know that three years later, after we were called Putin puppets, now things have escalated in that territory, okay? It is just a, a simple fact that now Russia is saying that they are completely reexamining their nuclear doctrine. They're willing to go nuclear because of what they have just discovered. Ukraine fired, six Americans supplied longer range missiles at Russia's Brion region. Okay? That is a fact. It happened. That is our weaponry that was given to Ukraine to attack Russia. I told you from the beginning, we are fighting a proxy war in Russia. This is proof of that.


Our missiles have now been sit there, so they can now say we have been attacked by the USA. That decision has been made by the Biden administration. And so what are they gonna tell you? Putin's crazy for responding to that. Now, speaking about nuclear, going nuclear, talking about nuclear weapons, he's saying, yes, I have now lowered, we have formally lowered the threshold for using nuclear weapons. They're now back on the table. We are, we are inching very close to World War iii. And I, I think it's all related. I think what's happening in Ukraine is related to what's happening in Israel. I do not think any of this is by coincidence. Okay? We have a lot of hot regions right now, and the way that the western media continually lies about everything and is using the same smearing tactics for those of us who have been trying to get out and tell you the truth, okay?


Wake up, examine these issues and recognize that you will be the ones that suffer for your stupidity. That is the reality. We suffer when we remain ignorant. All of us. We suffer when we remain ignorant. So go listen to the perspectives of people like Tucker and the independent media who has been telling you the truth about every issue. I was anti covid from day one. Even when Trump did the lockdowns, I was against it as a supporter of Trump that was controversial. I said, this is the wrong decision. You don't lock down people. Okay? I am pro freedom always doesn't matter who it is that's in office, and it's making the decision. We have to make sure that we have morals that do not shake because of alliances. Okay? We, we, we have to be America first. Pro-freedom, always.


And that's all I'm going to say about that topic. Again, we will link so you guys can see the declassified national security archive that has been put together by GWU. And it's, it's great to go through because you can just really realize just how much we lie. We just, the media's trying to pretend we didn't give Putin and Russia these assurances over the years, and we did many, many times.


All Right, guys, are you overwhelmed thinking about the upcoming holidays? It's hard to think about when everything is more expensive and credit cards are pushed to the max. Well, now is the time to pay off that debt and get your finances under control before the holiday season. If you're a Homeowner America financing can help you access the equity in your home for instant savings. They're saving homeowners just like you, an average of $800 a month. Think about how that money could help your family. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra holiday funds. It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. Christmas is going to be here before you know it. So call American financing's, salary based mortgage


consultants today. Call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay? Here's another one. And I just can't wait to read the chat on this one because I cannot tell you how much, or I guess how many people have written me or have tried to peer pressure me to edit what I said about the Tate Brothers case in Romania, because these people, of course, all of these documents are in Romanian. Nobody took the time to actually read the case. What they're doing is they're reading social media clips, they're watching people put together social media clips and say, Candace, look. But look what Andrew Tate said 10 years ago. He actually said this, and I'm going, I understand that there are clips.


I do not support clips of Andrew Tate saying things that I view to be morally reprehensible from 10 years ago. Like, that's not what is at risk here. Like people have to understand. We always believe in due process. We examine the facts of a case and we come to conclusions based on the facts of the case and the evidence of that case. And after me looking into the initial case that was brought against him regarding human sex trafficking in Romania, the person that was at the, the pinpoint of that case, the person who brought that case forward was a remarkably, deeply troubled girl who had a pattern of doing this to about four or five men, okay? That had never known each other, that lived in different countries who was a, a person that was in the porn industry.


And I read her text messages, I looked at all of the evidence and I said, this case is not going to make it. And people were angry at me for that. Candace, you don't support pornography. Of course, I don't support pornography. This is not changed my position on whether or not I support pornography. Okay? It's the same thing with the Stormy Daniels case with, with Trump, to say that these things were being brought against Trump unfairly, and that the Department of Justice was being used wrongly against Trump, does not mean that I agree with extramarital affairs. You guys have to have moral clarity on these situations because we do not want to arrive at a case where we are persecuting people on the basis of things. We don't like them, we don't agree with the industries they went into. We, all of that can be true, but you have to be able to alize that when you are looking at a case.


And So I received a lot of fire, a lot of people editing clips of me saying stuff next to, and I just said, I'm gonna hold a line. Because at the end of the day, it's like the Ukraine thing. You wait three years and you're proven correct. I promise you, you're proven correct. So they were landed a major win today. Everything that I have said about this case, the holes in this case and how it was brought forward, this girl actually plotting with her friend to do the, this actual WhatsApp messages that I read when I went through this case and took the time hours to read through it, I read her WhatsApp messages, plotting this, saying that she just wanted to get a free trip to London in France, and she was bored at Andrew Tate's house. How do I just discount that this alleged victim that brought the entire case forward, that led to the doors being knocked down in his house?


Do you want me to, oh, it's 'cause your friends, okay, that doesn't matter. I, I would never take a position where I would defend a human sex trafficker if I read through the case and truly believed that he was sex trafficking this young woman. I mean, please give me a little bit more credit than that. Especially because when you do something like that, when you take a stake like that publicly, like me, that's going to hurt my brand as someone who prides myself on telling the truth and being able to have the foresight to say to people, this is gonna go forward or this is not gonna go forward. So anyways, the A major win, and now the Dicot has only five days to amend this case. The judge has basically chopped it up, thrown out so much evidence and said, what is this case?


Even now that they've actually had time to go through it, I'll let you listen to Andrew celebrating the win, and then I'll explain to you exactly what it is that happened in case what he says is not clear to you. Take a listen. Good morning bust case. Remember everyone who said he's a human trafficker? He is a human trafficker. I just bust my case. So it turns out that I was telling the truth all along the highest court in Romania. The appeal court has just ruled that the evidence collected against me is illegal. Here I have a long list of all the legal elements. Emma Gabby's statement is illegal. Christiana Bourne's statement is illegal. Alona on's statement is illegal. The seizure of all the money they took is illegal based on procedural violations and constitutional decisions.


We need to remove all the WhatsApp conversations, which were falsely translated illegal. The whole case is illegal. Every single thing in that file was a lie. And the women lied and it was all bullshit. I get all of my things back, everything and all of it gets sent back to dca. There's now a formality where dalt have five days to amend the file. But how can you fix a file where everything in is a lie? Witness statements made against Andrew and Tristan Tate were deemed inadmissible These pieces of evidence in any reference to them in the prosecution file, must be deleted, requested by the court immediately. I'm reading it now. The whole, they have nothing left.


The whole file is wrecked. It's gonna go back to default for five days. They're gonna move some papers around, I guess, or they're gonna come bust in my door and arrest me again because they have to try and fix this file somehow, or it all gets thrown out. 691 days, three years as American citizens, while the democratically run American Embassy refused to help us, refused to help us. They didn't have any interest. We'll take a look. Maybe Trump comes into the office and instantly the Romanian courts say, ah, the file's made up. Throw it away. Funny how the Trump effect works globally. Funny how J six wasn't just a domestic problem. Anyone talking large online, anyone helping Donald Trump call a case in any country they lived in?


I wake up this morning and they say, oh, it's all made up. Throw it away. Unbelievable. Okay? So according to the Associated Press, they are even acknowledging that the Bucharest Court of appeals it. This decision is a major setback for Romania's, anti organized crime agency known as Dicot, which has to act now within five days. And the appeals court also ordered that a lot of the evidence be removed just giving you guys the facts here. And this comes after two years of them saying that they were innocent. And the Romanian prosecutors obviously indicted them all last year. And they were brought forth on human sex trafficking charges, rape and forming a criminal gang to sexually exploit women. Now, I wanna be clear that what they found was exactly what I said from the very beginning when I slowly walk people through that initial case.


Now since then, there's been a case files in the uk. There's been a second case files. I've never said anything about those cases and I truly have not looked into them. But this first initial Ground zero case I did look into, and like I said, that woman was extremely problematic. It, I mean, she, I would've you examine her background and how many times she's done this? And you just go, okay, well, this looks like a bit of a pattern that is quite alarming. And so the reason why they were able to throw out her statement is because what they tried to do here is very clear that the, they prosecutors never wanted her to to be on the stands. They used something that's called a special anticipated hearing rule. So this girl essentially was allowed to appear before a judge, before they had even charged the Tate brothers.


And she told a story to the judge and said, this is what happened. And then she left the country. But the special anticipated hearing rule in Romania is only supposed to be used like the idea that you would take a statement before criminal charges has been filed and not allow the other side to cross-examine is extraordinary. And it's only used in circumstances. It's supposed to only be used in circumstances where the victim or the person that's bringing the case forward is gonna die. Like they, they have six months to live and they're going to die. And so they go, okay, we're going to take your statement here in front of a judge because you may not make it until we actually are able to bring this before a court. The other circumstance, I, I guess I forgot what the other situation could be, where they allow you to use this special anticipated hearing rule, but it's not supposed to be because a woman doesn't wanna face trial, okay?


And they, if she had faced trial and had stood on the stand and they had been able to cross examine her, like the amber heard, and then I started to ask her questions about these text messages and saying, ha ha, won't it be funny if we say this or we say that and asking a guy to buy her flight. And all of that was suddenly made available to the public. It would've looked very bad. So he was, Andrew and Kristen were very much looking forward to their day in court to put this woman on the stands as were their lawyers, because they wanted to basically show how she had plotted behind the scenes on her WhatsApp. And so when the judge looked at this and they said, this is not an appropriate situation for you to use a special anticipated hearing rule this, this one's gonna have to come back and actually give a true statement, give, give a statement and allow holes to be, allow her to be questioned by the defense here.


And that was never a predicament that they actually wanted. And so that's essentially why everything got thrown out. It was very weird that they tried to do this in the first place. Of course, you should always be questioned when you say that something happened and they were trying to avoid that at all costs. So we'll continue to monitor that case. Obviously, they only have five days to amend it. I don't think it is going to be in the favor. I've never felt it was a strong case against the tape brothers that initial, the initial case that was brought against them, not the the two more that have been brought since. But we will continue to monitor that. All Right, guys, yesterday, this was quite a scandal yesterday on Twitter. It was pretty funny actually to me because I understood it. And then I, I also thought it was funny how people were reacting to it.


But Miss Universe was crowned the winner was a woman named Victoria Wig. She was Miss Denmark, and now she's Miss Universe, and she's a 73rd Miss Universe woman to be crowned in Mexico City on Saturday night, competing against 124 women for the title. And look at her guys, she's got blonde hair and blue eyes. And people were ecstatic about this on Twitter because I know this sounds weird, but we kind of got to a place in society where we just said, you can't have Aryan features anymore. I feel like things really began bubbling in the two thousands. And we went very BLM and you had to have, I don't know, you had to be a lesbian or you had to be trans.


Literally, last year in Miss Universe, people were outraged because a man competed, a biological male competed, and they were going, what the heck is this? Why on earth is a biological male competing? Don't also forget to put this along the backdrop of even Victoria's Secret. Remember in 2021, they announced, it was like it was not okay to be pretty anymore. You're not allowed to be pretty, you're not allowed to be thin. Forget blonde and blue eyes. You were going way the other direction. So in 2021, Victoria's Secret also got on that rebrand. They said, oh, we are so dumb with Angels and Hello activists. And they decided to completely transform the Victoria's Secret Show. And they had transgendered models and they had fat models, and they had Megan Rapino lesbian butch models.


And they were going, yeah, this is compelling. This is inspiring content. And it wasn't. It turns out people do just kind of like to look at thin beautiful girls at Victoria's Secret. So there was sort of this like, it was weird. It just was totally strange that suddenly it wasn't okay to look like Barbie. Like Barbie was not okay. And so when people saw this, they said, when's the last time someone with Blue Eyes won? And the answer to that is 2004, it's been 20 years, it's been two decades since someone with Blue Eyes won this competition. And of course, like 2004 was right before the tide of sort of like these race wars that were being pushed by the public. Like we were all like, chill in 1990.


We didn't really care. We just wanted like pretty people to win no matter what their color was. And then it became like, pretty, people can't win. And then it became like, but definitively we all agree that the worst kind of pretty person would be a person with blue eyes. And so people were celebrating her win. As an example, Ava tweeted this, I I'm not gonna try to say her last name, okay? I say, I am lar danger. Brooke, you're Eva. If you're watching this, please forgive me. I've met you multiple times. You're very sweet, very kind, and very smart. She tweeted, wow, an actual European blonde, blue-eyed woman won Miss Universe, that's legal. Again, the tides are truly turning. And people were outraged at this. They were also outraged because Don Trump Jr. Said the same thing. Here are some of the people that were outraged by the fact that she was white.


This user wrote Miss Universe crowning, an 18-year-old white European blonde woman reflects the social climate we are in. So well see, like why, why can't, why can't we just have somebody blonde hair and blue eyes when this person writes and response to Don Donald Trump Jr. Wrote, biological and objectively attractive women are allowed to win beauty pageants again, we are so back. And so this woman is responding to him and she writes full blown racism. Just say you happy a black woman didn't win. This is what Elon has turned this app into. And mind you, there has never been a trans Miss Universe, so shut the F up. And so you can see people are just misinterpreting this and trying to make it seem as though this is about race and it's really not. We really did go through period, we have to just acknowledge it world where it wasn't okay to be have blonde hair and blue eyes like it was considered like the, a prototype of Barbie.


And we got a little bit racist against them. And so people are just happy to see like, Hey, it's okay. Like we can win again. Because it's so wrong to assume that because somebody has blonde hair and blue eyes. Their life was somehow great. And what was really great about this particular winner, Ms. Denmark, is that she spoke openly about the fact that she came from a drug adult home and that she had survived rape and that her life was not easy. And for some reason, people were convincing us that just by nature of being white, your life was somehow easy. So we were, we were meant to believe that mal, Malia Obama was suffering simply because of the color of her skin. Whereas there could be a blonde haired, blue-eyed person that lived in a drug infested den, and we'd be like, she's not suffering.


She's got blonde hair and blue eyes. She's got privilege. And so this is why people are debating this. I, I think I totally understand the sentiment. I I do think that we got a little too crazy and there was people that is explicitly were like, no, no more blue-eyed people. It's symbolic of something that I hate. And by the way, everyone was beautiful, the runner up. I wanna shout out Nigeria. I know If we, I don't think we pulled a picture of her. I meant to tell you guys to pull a picture of her. Absolutely stunning the runner up. And she, I think was the first Nigerian to place in the top five. I am a Nigeria stand. I think Nigerians just really have their ish together, their culture together. Whenever you meet a Nigerian, like they're all doctors here in the USA, their families are together.


They take marriage seriously. I wish I was Nigeria Nigerian. I do a little bit, but I'm not, not even a little bit, I'm not Nigerian. But they do have a very good culture. And that woman was positively stunning. I actually don't wanna be rude. Gimme one second. I wanna look up her name because she was really beautiful and I feel like I'm just saying like a Nigerian woman, and that's a little bit disrespectful. Gimme one second you guys. Nigerian woman, miss Universe. That's a weird Google search. What do I got? Her name is okay, Nigerian. Don't kill me in the chat for the pronunciation here, but I I also mispronounced Ava's last name, but Chada added Sheena. Oh, they've got, look at this. She's stunning. Just beautiful skin, absolutely beautiful. Chada added, Sheena represented Nigeria and she was the runner up.


So also credit to her. We had two beautiful women at the top. I just loved it. I agree. We're so back. We are allowed to be hot and beautiful again.


Alright, Right guys, before I get into your comments here, I wanna remind you about PureTalk. It's important to think about what charities and causes and brands you give your hard earned money to. I take that very seriously. It's why I love supporting my cell phone company. PureTalk, as a veteran led companies supporting veterans is their passion project. And that's why PureTalk has alleviated $10 million in veteran debt. That's why they donate tens of thousands of dollars every month to help prevent veteran suicide. And that's why they just donated $50,000 to microworks providing scholarships to veterans that are learning trades after active duty. And that's a company that you can definitely get behind. So it's time to jump ship from Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile. There is a better option. PureTalk gives you the same great coverage, America's most dependable 5G network for half the cost. And you'll be helping our vets. It's a win-win. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens today and switch to a company that invests in American jobs to better serve you. Again, go to PureTalk dot com slash Owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month PureTalk, America's wireless company.


All Right, guys, let's get into some of your comments. What do we have? I'm gonna get yelled at. I feel like I've hit a lot of nerves today. Some people love war. They're like, no, Candace, we gotta defend Ukraine. And some people are gonna be like, no, Candace, we must, no matter what, defend Israel, some people are gonna be like, no, Candace, no matter what. Tristan Tate bat. I don't, I don't, I don't wanna look at the comments. So I have to look at the comments. My producer says, I have to look into the comments. All right. Sarah writes, oh, they always start with a good comment. My producer's so nice. I know that there were had to have been some mean ones, but the first one's good. Sarah writes amazing show today. Candace, you are a radiant protector of God's truth. Thank you, Sarah Chicago, conservative rights. Candace, please If you haven't already, make your home and property a fortress with barriers, cameras and alarms or whatever you can think of to protect your family.


Yeah, you know, people always say that, Candace, you're at risk. And of course, when you stand up to the war class, you are at risk. And when people start, countries start putting you on lists. Like I'm on Ukraine's list. Israel's list. It is alarming. But here's the reality. If they wanna kill me, they can. They shot a sitting president in broad daylight people, okay? And So I, I think a lot of times, like all the security stuff is really just about your ego. And I don't know, I, I think that's a, a very realist perspective to have that you guys aren't going to want to hear. But that's how I feel. Oh my God, this person writes rumor online was that the Tates had blackmail on Candace's husband, and that's why she's defending the bros. I laugh because when has Candace ever ca at a threat to her name, character, or livelihood?


Oh, you do not know me. I am like, you just, you wouldn't be able to block on me. I'm most people that like, if there's any trace of an idea that someone's holding something against me, I will literally go live and tell you everything. Like I will pull out every skeleton. I don't really have skeletons in my closet. I've been honest with you guys. Like I did get down at One Oak in my early twenties. There's definitely some footage of me dancing on a bar, a lot of footage. Okay? I'm not gonna lie, if I run for president, I'm gonna have to like, take care of that. I'm gonna have to send some people, some private investigators, you know, Diddy style and be like, did you work as a bouncer at PhD? Have you ever seen this woman? I'm gonna need some plausible deniability. I'm gonna be like, oh, what are you saying? All black girls look alike.


Like, I, I don't have, I don't have skeletons in my closet. I'm a very honest person and that's why I, I feel it's just always better to tell on yourself because you don't want people to have blackmail on you. So that's crazy. It's completely nuts that someone would think that they have blackmail on my husband or that I would ever stand for. I'd be the first one to tell you everything. I'd be like, yeah, what's up? I'm just not. I'm built different guys. It's not, I'm a blackmail person. Genuinely. My husband became, I was very honest about the fact that my husband became friends with Andrew Tate or friendly. They weren't even like that close. But like through London circles, through Paul Joseph Watson, who has a YouTube channel. I had met him. The amount of times that I have literally laid eyes on Andrew Tate in my life is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and two of those times was me interviewing him.


So I, the whole like, narrative that's being spun is just like very strange. But people need an excuse than than to just think that I'm saying what I think is actually right. Lynn says, hi Candace. I wanna learn to do more research from what I have learned from this show. Would setting aside 15 to 30 minutes a day be a good place to start? Yes. And just start with reading books. Like I, I dropped our book list on locals of things that I read that blew my mind. I think we put like 12 books. You can head to locals and If you sign up and support the show, you'll, you'll have access to that list. By the way, someone sent me an email yesterday asking about Shot in the Dark. She's like, I'm pregnant, what are you doing? Okay, listen, we're bringing back a shot in the dark. We're building an entire platform, like CandaceOwens dot com is gonna be, what are the kids saying these days lit?


Next year it's gonna be so lit, as the kids are saying. And we're gonna have our entire two series of a shot in the dark. First, it's gonna be the vaccine series and it's gonna be the birth control series. We're also going to be formally launching our book club. So we're gonna meet twice a month and we're gonna go over all these books around the book list. We're going big time next year, but we, it just took so much more time than I thought to build a website. Like I say these things to my husband and it sounds so easy. 'cause you know, he's like, you know, behind the scenes, he makes everything work. I just talk on the internet and my husband then has to, I'm like, I have an idea. Let's have a website where, and he's like, yeah, that's gonna cost a lot of money and a lot of time. But he always figures it out because he's so brilliant. And so he told me that it should go live January 15th.


And if anything changes, I will let you guys know. By the way, want to remind you that you could be supporting us by getting in onto club canice.com, buying some products. You can go to locals and support us locals.com, give what you can. But also we have Black Friday bundle D bundle deals. So if you're looking for a Christmas gift, you can give to somebody, please head to Club Candace dot com. We have four different bundles. We have the stand get a helmet bundle, we have the Stand for God and country t-shirt bundle. We have the stand. Christ is King bundle. I mean, we have the stand blackout bundle that comes with an autographed copy of the book. And I'm not one of those cheesy people that like does the stamp. I sign every single copy until my hand hurts and then I stop signing copies and I say, sell no more.


I'm a very authentic, honest person. All right, next comment. Abor writes, can you go to the White House press meeting and ask real questions compared to only fake news questions? I'd love to see independent news journalists there. Yeah, it'd be interesting. I don't even really know why they keep allowing like CNN and M-S-N-B-C in there. Is there like a law? Like do they have to let them in there? What's the point? It seems so fake and weird. I'm just not excited. I just thought that he was gonna give us Alex Jones for White House Press Secretary. He didn't do that. We called for it. Major letdown. I'm not saying the person he chose is not gonna be great. I don't know her, but I do know that Alex Jones would've been the greatest, no matter what. Alex Jones would've been the absolute greatest. Anna Go ga. Go Gomez writes. Yesterday's podcast really got me mad all over again.


I can't comprehend how the Pentagon can't account for all of those billions. And here the IRS can tell us we skipped a $5 payment and now we owe $10,000. Yes. And we will go to prison. We will go straight to jail. And that's exactly where they should go. And when you really think about the corruption of our government and the fact that they're just laundering all of our money while we work and we can't afford groceries and petrol, gosh, that was a very UK way to say it. I'm being married to a Brit, So I said petrol gas. It really is frustrating and it makes you angry, but you just have to have, like, you take the white pill, you take the Christ pill. And I just feel like everybody's awakening to it. I, I just, I look at the charts and I see Joe Rogan and Tucker Carlson and Candace Owens and Theo Bond in the top five.


And I just go, yes. So it doesn't matter because once they lose the information war, it's over. That's the beginning of the end. They have now lost the information war. And So I just wanna, again, like I always do, thank you guys so much for supporting the show, supporting my independence. It's been amazing. And yeah, we're, we're eternally grateful for you guys for sticking by us as I've been called every possible name that there is to be called in the mainstream media. There's literally nothing left to call me. So we will see you guys tomorrow.