
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


Alright, you guys, Happy Monday. I think, I mean, obviously the big news over the weekend was that on Saturday night we bombed Iran because after signaling to the public that he was going to take up to two weeks to decide whether or not America was gonna get involved in this war, president Bibi Netanyahu said, you know what? Actually we don't wanna wait. And then, so Trump took seven stealth bombers over to Iran and he did this so that we could have peace, allegedly. We're gonna talk about that. Also, rabbi Dave Portnoy, you know, the founder of Barstow Sports, who recently screamed at his employee because apparently jokes can cause the next Holocaust. Yeah, well he is now claiming that I'm the lunatic because I don't think that American troops should go die for Israel.


And So I wanna make sure that I don't mint words here in terms of what I actually think about our involvement with Israel. So Welcome back to Candace. So much that I wanna say, so much that I have said over X. It's been an absolute war zone. All of these IDF bots. 'cause of course, you know, they always accuse you of what they're doing. They release this report and oh, a Iran has tons of bots on the internet and all the, the bots are supporting Israel and telling us that we have to go to war.


And this weekend was just insane. Honestly, I feel like we're watching a show. I really do believe that we're watch watching a show. I think the CIA thinks we're so stupid. Like I said before, in nine 11, gen generation nine 11, we've grown up and we know this script, we've seen this show, and we know how it's going to end. And they just spent so much time gaslighting us. Like the moment that Matthew Crooks, the scrawny looking white boy from Pennsylvania got on that roof and attempted to murder Donald Trump, attempt to assassinate Donald Trump. Okay? And the deep state came out with a narrative that what he was somehow linked with Iran, that kid Matthew Crooks linked with Iran.


I said, okay, we're gonna War with Iran. That's it. You gotta have the false flag and they let you know that is the new enemy. And we said, no, calm down. They said, calm down, you conspiracy theorists. That's not true. War with Iran. Then when BB net and Yahoo decided to strike Iran, yeah, that was it. It was over. Our troops are going to be involved immediately we said, and they said, that is absolutely not false. We're not getting involved in that conflict. You know, the favorite thing that they always say is, Israel can defend itself. Israel can defend itself. It just never does. That's the only thing. It just, it never does because it actually can't. Which begs the question that if you're a nation and you can't defend yourself, are you even a nation?


If you, If you have to rely on the might of another nation, on the taxols of another nation, why do you even qualify as a being a nation if Mike makes right, that's a question that we can ask another day. Anyways, the point is, is that on Friday we were told definitively by press secretary Caroline Levitt, that Trump was gonna take this like two week pause. You know, everybody calm down. Don't be crazy. We're gonna be rational about this. Take a listen. I have a message directly from the president, and I quote, based on the fact that there's a substantial chance of negotiations that may or may not take place with Iran in the near future, I will make my decision whether or not to go within the next two weeks.


That's a quote directly from the president for all of you today. So that's what we were told. And by the way, just for those of you that are in the chat saying that you can't hear, just hit refresh button on the YouTube and the audio should come in clearly for you. Anyways, that's what we were told on Friday. And then literally one day later, we bombed Iran. I'm not kidding, it was one day later, oh, everybody settled down, we're gonna think. And this is directly from the president. And then we got this directly from the president on truth social. He wrote, we have completed our very successful attack on the three nuclear sites in Iran, including Fordo, naans, and es Han. All planes are now outside of Iranian airspace.


A full payload of bombs was dropped on the primary site. Ford, all planes are safely on their way home. Congratulations to our great American warriors. There is not another military in the world that could have done this. Now is the time for peace. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Now is the time for peace. That's what I, I mean obviously that is usually, if I'm trying to achieve peace, drop in bombs on people is usually a way to go. It's like, you know, beat them to a pulp and then call for peace because that makes so much sense. That's ridiculous, obviously. And immediately MAGA began to revolt because what were all of these promises? No new wars we said, right?


No new wars was one of the early campaign promises going back, dating back to 2015 when people jumped onto the Trump chain, Trump train. It was because there was this vision of the forgotten man. We're so tired of being involved in these never ending wars, being told that we're spreading democracy and then only to come back and find that our country is in a steep decline. Okay? So we're immediately going, we've got whiplash. 'cause yesterday was Friday and you said it gonna take a little pause and think. And then the Israeli media starts reporting that be B net. And Yahoo got on the phone and was like, no, you know, there's a president and then there's like the ultra president be B net and Yahoo. We want you to hit him now. And so Trump did it.


He hit him. Now. Now again, that's according to reports in Israel. That's why he did a committed this whiplash. Okay? Trump then gives a speech about the strikes. And there was something that struck me about the speech. I wanna see If you catch it. Take a listen to, to Trump addressing the nation. A short time ago, the US military carried out massive precision strikes on the three key nuclear facilities in the Iranian regime for do naans and Esfahan. Everybody heard those names for years as they built this horribly destructive enterprise.


Our objective was the destruction of Iran's nuclear enrichment capacity and a stop to the nuclear threat posed by the world's number one state sponsor of terror. Tonight, I can report to the world that the strikes were a spectacular military success. Iran's key nuclear enrichment facilities been completely and totally obliterated. Iran, the bully of the Middle East must now make peace. If they do not, future attacks will be far greater and a lot easier. For 40 years, Iran has been saying Death to America. Death to Israel.


They have been killing our people, blowing off their arms, blowing off their legs with roadside bombs. That was their specialty. We lost over a thousand people and hundreds of thousands throughout the Middle East and around the world have died as a direct result of their hate in particular. So many were killed by their general Kasem Soleimani. I decided a long time ago that I would not let this happen. It will not continue. I wanna thank and congratulate Prime Minister Bibi Netanyahu. We worked as a team, like perhaps no team has ever worked before. And we've gone a long way to erasing this horrible threat to Israel.


I wanna thank the Israeli military for the wonderful job they've done. And most importantly, I want to congratulate the great American Patriots who flew those magnificent machines tonight and all of the United States military on an operation the likes of which the world has not seen in many, many decades. Hopefully, we will no longer need their services in this capacity. I hope that, So I also wanna congrat lot Now. Okay, so after giving this speech, justifying the strikes, he then goes on and he says that he would like to thank and congratulate Bibi net and Yahoo. That's who we thanked and congratulated first, what he was thanking him for, what he was congratulating him for.


I'm still a little iffy on the details. If you've got something, please drop it into the chat. Like why we're congratulating B net, what for getting us involved in other regional conflict. Who knows, maybe the beginning of World War iii. Who knows? Why are we thanking and congratulating him? And then he goes on to thank the IDF. And then lastly, but most importantly, he gets around to the American troops who flew those planes. That is, that's the lastly. But also most importantly, I feel like if they were the most important, you would've maybe thanked them before BB night and Yahoo. And this really gets to the crux of the debate that we are having right now. Because why is MAGA divided? Because this is not what MAGA was supposed to be. Okay?


Maga is not just whatever Trump says. Now, even if it completely conflicts with Trump, what Trump said yesterday, the divide is very clear that it is Israel first versus America first. Okay? And the way that you know that we have been completely infiltrated as a movement by Israel firsters, okay? Is because the literal never Trump movement from 2015, the neocons, the warhawks who put their faces on the cover of whatever they need to put their faces on the cover of, to say to Americans, I'm a conservative, but even I agree that it's better that Hillary Clinton as president, rather than having Adolf Hitler, right?


These were the, the, the conservatives, we call them neocons who did everything they could, everything okay to help get Hillary Clinton elected because Hillary Clinton is a part of the world class family. We're not left and right anymore. Okay? We are warhawks versus everybody else. The Warhawks who benefit from nonstop wars. That's why we have the bushes, the Clintons, the McCains, the McCain family being like Chief NeoCon and the rights and everybody else who are looking around America and going, okay, actually ev everything is in decline. There's nothing that has gotten better since nine 11. And this, this country is, is filled with criminality.


You can't even, we can't even our streets paved, right? The cities all looked dilapidated. Our taxes are going off. What's happening here? Okay? And If you needed a marker of just how insane the class of warhawks are, I'm not kidding. I think these people are insane. They were elated by the Trump announcement. So lemme make something very clear. Even If you are a person who believes that we need to get involved in the Middle East perpetually forever, okay? Even If you are a person who goes, I believe the deep state propaganda and there is always an imminent threat in the Middle East, okay?


You would not be cheering when bombs drop. That's something else, right? If I said, okay, well we drop bombs, you'll go, yes, I'm so excited. Oh, I love you. I love you baby. And this is not me acting. That is actually what Megan McCain, John McCain's daughter and her husband Ben Dominic did. They were tweeting and they got so happy and elated that she tweeted to him that she loved him. This is a real tweet from th when we're finding out that, that it's Ron's been bombed. Okay? Can you pull up? So Ben Dominic, who is hated every bit of Trump in the movement, wrote four years ago, I was told to my face that my marriage had made me too NeoCon and anti-Trump.


But today those same people are bitching impotently and I think this president f-ing rocks. So I spent all of this time hating Trump. I now think he rocks because he's dropping bombs. Yeah. And McCain, Megan McCain gets so overwhelmed with excitement about these bombs being dropped, which have justified their Trump hatred because now Trump sees it their way. She tweets Love you babe. Bombs are dropping. Love you babe. I don't even know what's happening. We don't if we're worthy, but like this is what we do. Because I mean, I'm a McCain, right? I know our trust accounts, they're getting topped up if we go to war and it's, we're looking like we're gonna war, actually, If you do me a favor, Skyler, pull up the Never Trumpers.


It has like a Wikipedia page. We just go through these people, go try to find any one of them who were not in a state of elation when they learned that we were potentially being dragged into a war, there was not even like, this is a tough decision for the president, but like, you know, the right decision. It was like Guinea, giddy, giddy. We win. Oh my gosh. Yay. War more war. I love it so much. The by individual. I think it's towards the bottom. Yeah, that by the way, definitively one individual who was absolute besties with John McCain, Lindsey Graham, of course he has been saying bomber Ron for seemingly decades, just like Bomber Ron. Every time you see a a him on tv, he's speaking about how we need to keep bombing the Middle East.


But I think it's more towards the bottom. But like, these are all them. There's like a full list at the bottom. Never Trumpers. You've got Liz Cheney, Mitt Romney, here we go, Joe Scarborough, Joe Walsh, max Boots go down. Former never Trumpers. You've got JD Vance, Lindsey Graham, I mean the list goes on on these people were elated. And then they started screaming at us. They started to maning that Tucker Carlson and Steve Bannon, okay, get just kicked out of Maga. 'cause this is real Maga real MAGA understands that John Bolton and Megan McCain and Liz Cheney, by golly, this has to happen.


And so we got to eject the Tucker Carlsons, the Canice Owens and the Steve Bannons of the world, Steve Bannon, who quite literally went to prison to have Donald Trump's back. That that's Steve Bannon. He's gotta go because he's been talking, he's been speaking cautiously. He's been saying, if Trump does this, he's gonna have to explain to the base why he's doing that. Because the base is not for war, especially these Gen Zers, these people are not for war. So they're going, you're a traitor. You are a traitor. The people that really love Trump, the people who understand that he's gotta just drop a payload of bombs and not even think about the consequences. Right? That's, I mean, that's where we're at right now. And like I said, some people were being cautious and the NeoCon celebrating.


I actually love that Steve Bannon fully called out Mark Levin. He's, who's one of these people? He's just a mania. He was just so elated by this moment. Skylar, do you have that clip of Steve, of Steve Bannon speaking about Mark Levin? Let, let's, let's roll that. That's been positive of, for those in the audience, mark Levin has something up on, on Twitter tonight that I think let's just speak for itself. It's so revolting and disgusting. Particularly somebody who's never served his country and is not a veteran. His use of language is so inappropriate for someone who's too gutless to serve his nation, right? To what he does in trying to smear people about their patriotism and their love of country and their commitment to this nation.


Like I said, I think he, and I think many people at Fox and then whole network and the Murdoch should be put under investigation as, as under foreign investigations, as basically agents for a foreign government. I think it's quite clear that he's not, he's not pitching this in the interests of the United States of America or American citizens, and particularly those in harm's way, right? Since he's never been in harm's way. And I don't think any of his children have been in harm's way, right? It's not a super, it's not a very patriot, his, his love of country and patriotism is just as solid as his being. Maga, which, you know, he was one of the most vicious voices of President Trump when we ran in 16.


And then in 21, he's one of the first people to bail with all the people at Fox taking paychecks from Rupert Murdoch who bailed to go to descent. And Nikki Haley and that whole crew of neoliberal neocons, president Trump is quite different. And President Trump is returning to the White House, gonna get a briefing by his National Security council on, on the situation. And we'll see how this develops tonight. Okay? So just wanna say shocking levels of antisemitism, at least according to the new definition, N definition. Remember, Congress is passing through that new definition of antisemitism, which is going to include accusing people curiously, of being more Israel first, caring more about Israel's interests than America's interests.


And you're only gonna get that past 'cause it's true. These people exist. And yes, mark Levin is one of these people and it is revolting and it is disgusting that these people are so obvious that their allegiance is to Israel. But they won't get up and go move there because they're a part of some infiltration where they're supposed to influence us to keep getting on board with interests that only serve Israel in the end. Okay? So you get this, you get Tucker Carlson who has been trying to just show America the record of us getting involved in the Middle East. It's not very hard to see that we don't win. Israel wins. We don't win. And all of a sudden you had all these bots and these neocons screaming at people like Steve Bannon, Tucker Carlson making the point that First and foremost, we were all being conspiracy theorists, I should say that this was gonna be just like striking soleimani.


They said, yeah, they're just gonna get in there and get out. It's gonna be the assassination of just one person. Even though this time we dropped at least 100,000 pounds of bombs onto Iran, right? Onto their nuclear sites. And that's somehow how we get peace. Everyone knows If you wanna get peace, you gotta drop a hundred, at least a hundred thousand pounds of bombs. And that they said it was going to be the end of it. And the rest of us were just being conspiracy theorists. And we said, no, that's not gonna be the end of it. Because obviously what's gonna come next is it's not gonna be enough for Israel. They're gonna demand a regime change because they're gonna wanna install their puppet president so that they can control the region.


Like obviously this is not going to be the end of it. It never is the end of it. And we got screamed at for about 24 hours and JD Vance went onto the news and everybody calm down. Trump doesn't want a regime change. And I don't know if Trump just hates JD Vance and he couldn't wait 48 hours to tweet the regime change tweet. But it came out like, Hey Scott, you gotta find this. Where then suddenly trump's like, you know what regime change? Yeah, that's on the menu. And we just couldn't believe it. 'cause it's, it's happening so quickly. Like we're used to being strung along on the Propagandist bs. I think it takes a little longer, but now it's just instant. Like they're instantly proving the conspiracy theorists correct about everything that we say.


And so can you find that, can you pull up that Trump tweet? Oh, he says, he writes, it's not politically correct to use the term regime change, but if the current Iranian regime is unable to make Iran great again, why wouldn't there be a regime change miga. And that's not Amiga. That's just miga. Which I think personally stands for Make Israel Great Again. I think that's what we're getting at here. People have been long saying Maga became miga. I think that's what he meant at the end of it. But I guess he's trying to imply it's Iran and why the hell would it be our responsibility to make Iran great again? No, seriously, think about that. Now they're hitting us with propaganda that like, don't you know how terrible it is to live in Iran?


Don't you know that the people of Iran want to have like a natural uprising so that they can overthrow this terrible government? Like isn't it our responsibility to get involved there? And more hilariously, I'm not kidding, I'm not kidding because we know what's coming next. Stick with me, stick with the conspiracy theorists. When we asked that question a couple of episodes ago about what was gonna happen. Was he gonna do a false flag? Was it gonna be this? It's very clear the false flag is coming because next day after Trump said us about the regime change, they suddenly informed us that Iran had sleeper cells in the United States. And that I, I guess, I don't know, they phoned up Trump and told him that they had sleeper cells.


That's how they know this information. I'm not kidding. You gotta find this article. I, I think it was the main page of the Daily Mail that Iran has sleeper cells in the United States. So a terrorist attack is likely to happen If you believe the deep state guys. I mean, listen, I know they had Operation Mockingbird and that they had their journalists go out and write these articles to control the population to believe their narratives. And they typically are able to guess right before a terrorist attack happens. Usually the person who's gonna commit the terrorist attack in this case Iran just calls you up and says, Hey, just so you know, I've got sleeper cells in the United States of America. Yeah. And we're gonna, here we go. Iran threatened Trump. I'm sorry to laugh 'cause it's just, it's so obvious with sleeper cell revenge terrorist attacks inside the US days before the nuclear strikes.


Yeah. They just called 'em up and said that 'cause the best way to execute a surprise attack is to phone up your homies and let them know you're gonna do it. Yeah. And so now it, it's the, don't you guys understand that we need to spread democracy? Do you know how they live in a wrong, they're even passing around photos like on online, but she don't understand like how intense these IDF bots are of like a woman in Iran. No one knows who she is. No one knows the backstory, but they're like, she was attacked with acid. And that's what life is like. If you live in Iran, If you show your hair there, contenting the hair thing. If you show your hair, someone can throw acid on you. And isn't that terrible America? Don't you want to get involved in this war? I just did Pi Morgan this morning, episode cut out yet.


And the conversation that I had with him was really incredible. I, I suspect it's gonna go pretty viral because he asked me that very question. He wanted to know what, why, or if I would support a regime change. Like if the government is so awful, why not get behind it? And I said, look, if I'm gonna support a regime change for an awful government, it's gonna be Israel. Okay? It is going to be a regime change in Israel because that tends to be the government in the Middle East that is imparting terror on the world that actually impacts my American life in my tax dollars. What have we given them? $150 billion? They've taken weapons from us. They're hiding their nuclear weapons pretending that they don't have them.


They've stolen our technology. They're running a sophisticated blackmail ring so that all of our politicians just oblige them. And yeah. So if we're gonna do it, like if we're gonna do the thing and we're gonna say, we're not gonna be isolationists, maybe we should go after Israel. Okay. I mean he, he was freaking out. And this was the real tell freaking out, and we'll get to this with Dave Portnoy about a clip on my show where we talked about why would American troops sign up for this? Like should they just leave the military freaked out the Zionists, were losing their mind over this. We're gonna talk about why and we get to Dave Portnoy. But then I asked if, here's Morgan, you're gonna love this. I asked him to name one good thing that Zionism has brought to my country.


That's a very easy question. If it's like, we just gotta keep doing this, we gotta keep from the BB net and Yahoo thing, BB net and yahoo dance bb net. And Yahoo just keeps telling us that, you know, if we don't get involved in a war, it's gonna be really terrible for us. You should be able to at least name a couple of good things that Zionism has brought to America. I mean, do you have a clip, by the way, Skyler of bibi net and Yahoo just listing every war that we should get involved in? Yeah, let's run that. If you take away the Soviet Union and its chief proxy, the PLO mm international terrorism would collapse. If you take out Saddam Saddam's regime, I guarantee that it will have enormous positive reverberations on the region.


Obviously we'd like to see a regime change, at least I would in Iran, just as I would like to see in Iraq. The question now is a practical question. What is the best place to proceed? It's not a question of whether Iraq's regime should be taken out, but when should it be taken out? It's not a question of whether you'd like to see a regime change in Iran, but how do it there any other nations that you would recommend that the United States launch preemptive attacks upon? At this point? The answer is categorically yes. The, the two nations that are vying competing with each other, who will be the first to achieve nuclear weapons is Iraq and Iran. But a third nation By the way, is Libya as well. Libya. Oh, we get that, is trying very rapidly to build an atomic bomb capability.


So you have here now three nations all stand together to stop Iran's march of conquest, subjugation and terror. Beautiful, beautiful. We could come outta this That is just, thank you Bebe, for telling us again that American sons and daughters must die overseas because of weapons and destruction that we just never seem to find. They're already trying to edit history. Like you've got wacky people like Laura Loomer saying that Trump just saved us from a, a nuclear holocaust. They didn't have nukes. No one anywhere has said that they had nukes. So at least in the rock, they pretended they had 'em.


They're like, no, they've got weapons of mass destruction right now and we've gotta invade. Okay this time. They're like, well, they could maybe make 'em, they can maybe make them. So we've gotta invade. So now it's like we're getting, we're dialing it back a little bit to just, eh, well, you know, whatever. They're enriching a uranium and that's used and, and it's a lot of level. They're enriching it very quickly. By the way Israel has 'em and they're not our friend or our ally. We're gonna get to that in a little bit. But Iran definitely problematic. So yeah, going back to that question, I asked Pi Morgan, I said, just, it should be pretty simple. What has Zionism done for America? We've done, I could name tons of things we've done for Israel. What have we gotten back for this belief that we must serve Israel?


And he basically was like, well, you get to be the country that helps Israel. Ah, just soak that in guys. Soak it in right here. Ready? Just soak it. Let's just solve pH. What we get for billions of dollars, weaponry our sons and daughters dying overseas while our nation is in decline, is that we get to feel good. Like real good. Like, you know what, everything's gone to shit. But I feel fantastic, don't you? I feel people are not feeling fantastic in the chat. That's weird. So I told him, just off top of my head, I can tell you, I actually can name some things that we have received thanks to these Zionists in this country.


First and foremost, an open border. And I am not kidding when I say that I so deeply appreciate the investigative work, which was done by none other than Laura Loomer when she went down to the border recently, it was last year to figure out what organization, right. Was handing out packets and step-by-step instructions to help get these refugees across the border of America. Like telling them, drop your IDs, then go here, then do this, then do this. Welcome to America, millions of illegals from all over the world. And she discovered that it was an organization, HIAS, and she was quite shocked by this.


HIAS, which is stands for, I gotta, I gotta look this up. I think it's Hebrew. Hebrew Immigrant AIDS Society. She was shocked by this. And thankfully in case you're starting to think that there's some Jewish conspiracy, that the open borders are due to Jews. Let's let Barry Weiss take that question away. She's gonna respond to that very thoroughly. Barry Weiss. Is that, I mean that Jewish conspiracy, that would be crazy, right? Take a listen. Well, That's the thing, the Jewish connection to the refugee is not a conspiracy. That's something that we're very, very proud of. The organization that Robert Bowers was constantly calling out is an organization called HIAs, which brought people, including Sergei Brin to this country.


It started in the 1880s to bring Jews who were fleeing the pogroms of Eastern Europe. Now they help Jews and non-Jews all over the world fleeing persecution. I met a man in Arizona on Sunday, a Jew from Cairo who was helped out of Egypt following the 1967 war. This synagogue exemplified those values. It participated in something called refugee Shabbat the previous Saturday. It was one of the participating synagogues nationally. And the concept, you know, as in all Jewish synagogues that reflect the most sacred of Jewish values is the value of ha sador him, of welcoming the stranger. And especially of welcoming the weakest in our community, which there's no weaker category in our, in our society than the refugee.


And we're really, really proud Of that. Okay, we can come out of that. We're just being blessed. Oh my God, it's crazy. I didn't even know. It's not even a conspiracy. They're proud of it. They're proud of it. We're, we're being blessed. And where are all these refugees coming from? Lemme connect with dots for you guys. 'cause it's, it's, it's, it's hilarious to me to hear the boomer class who as a rule, as Bannon says, he's like, I'm a boomer. As a rule, they love wars, right? And then they go, what is happening to this country? This is also in the uk. We, we need to have these wars. And they go, where are all these refugees coming from? If you stop supporting Israel, when they blow up these countries, there won't be these refugees.


Okay? You can't hold both of these concepts. You can't say that on the one hand, we just have to keep blessing ourselves by cursing our countries and getting behind everything bibi net and Yahoo wants, and then come complain when he dumps his refugees at our doors. Because of course, you know their country ethnocentric. You gotta be, you know, Jewish to live here. Our countries, oh my God, open your doors for these blessings. Proud of this. That's amazing. And so, yeah, what do we get from these Zionists like Barry Weiss, who has essentially laid down her political life, laid down her writings to, to convince Americans to be a part of this infiltration operation, to convince Americans that every war is justified.


That every war is a requirement as your allegiance. Yeah. What do we get for all of this? Well, we get more, we get to invade Iraq, Libya, Afghanistan, Iran. We get to do what Bibi wants. What BI is, what Bibi gets. And we're told again that Israel can defend itself, which is why we currently have 2000 troops stationed in Syria after Israel expanded its borders again, waited for Syria to collapse, funded the collapse, funded the terrorist groups that were Al-Qaeda adjacent, right? 'cause they can fund terrorism. And they funded Hamas. They funded, yeah. Al-Qaeda adjacent. And then when they're like, oopsie, we did it again. We collapsed another regime. Our boys better get over there. Right?


Our boys gotta go over there. Oh gosh, we did it. We've been going after Asad as he was protecting those Christians by funding terrorists. And now we're gonna need those American troops. And I love the BS of like some of these people who were like, well, they didn't have boots on the ground. You know, the IDF wasn't involved in Afghanistan. So you can't blame Israel for that one. Okay, let me just make something perfectly clear. As I said to Pierson Morgan, which will come out later. Everyone knows what our boys were doing out there in Afghanistan. So ha ha, If you think we lost the war in Afghanistan, you just didn't know what we were fighting for. They were sent out there to guard poppy fields. Okay? Poppy fields, what comes from comes from the poppy flower.


Do you guys know? Okay, do you know what happened after we lost in Afghanistan? The opioid crisis was hitting America during that, while we were guarding those poppy fields from which you guessed it, that's we need them to build opioids. The opioid crisis hit America hard via the Sackler family. And what did the Sackler family contribute to Tel Aviv? Yeah. Their school of medicine. Yeah. So we are just so blessed again, we were so blessed that we got to guard those poppy fields for who nobody knows. But we do know that we did get an opioid crisis on the heels of it. Okay, so I'm gonna ask you a serious question.


Why do you support Israel? Run into that. We're gonna get into that and throw a couple sponsors and we're gonna get into it. 'cause I really want you guys to think about that.


First and foremost, I want to remind you guys about Goldco because you may have heard that Ron DeSantis signed a bill that would recognize gold and silver as legal tender in the state of Florida, exempting them from sales tax. Well, that law is set to take effect on July 1st, 2026 pending ratification by the state legislature. Why did they do that? Well, governor DeSantis explained it best when he said quote, this is our ability to give you the financial freedom to be able to protect yourself against the declining value of a dollar end quote. Which I, I guess all that inflation skyrocketing national debt. Not to mention the recent credit card downgrade for the US credit downgrade. Pardon? It probably opened his eyes that this is a real problem. And that is exactly why I've partnered with a precious metals company myself. The writing's been on the wall for a long time. So If you wanna learn more about how gold and silver can help you protect your money, reach out to my partners at GoldCo. They're a great company that I trust and they've helped me out tremendously. You can visit Candace likes gold.com and you'll get a free 2025 gold and silver kit and you'll also learn about their unlimited bonus silver offer. So go to Candace likes gold.com. That's Candace likes gold.com.


Also reminding you about Fatty 15. 'cause that's just fun to say. I'm excited to share with you guys C 15, which is from Fatty 15, the first emerging essential Fatty acid to be discovered in more than 90 years. It's an incredible scientific breakthrough that supports our long-term health wellness and healthy aging. Based on over 100 studies. We now know that C 15 strengthens our cells and is a key healthy aging nutrient, which helps slow biological aging at the cellular level. When our cells don't have enough C 15, they become fragile and they age us faster. Thankfully Fatty 15 repairs age-related damage to cells, it protects them from future breakdown and activates pathways in the body that help regulate our sleep, cognitive health and natural repair mechanisms that support our overall overall health. Fatty 15 is science backed, of course, award-winning patented and 100% pure C 15. It's vegan friendly and free of flavors, allergens, or preservatives. Fatty 15 has three times more cellular benefits than Omega-3 or fish oil. Fatty 15 comes in a gorgeous reusable glass bamboo jar and it re refills and there will be shipped right to your door. 15 is on a mission to optimize your C 15 levels to help support your long term health and wellness, especially as you age. And you'll get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit If you go to Fatty fifteen.com/ Candace and use code Candace at checkout. Again, that's Fatty fifteen.com/ Candace with promo code Candace at checkout.


All right, you guys. So many blessings. So many blessings. And I asked you a question. I said, why do you support Israel? Like literally, why? I don't, I don't care what you are in the chat right now, okay? If you're black, Hispanic, you speak a little espanol. If you're a Muslim, if you're Jew, if you're Hindu, I don't care. Answer that for me. Why actually do you support Israel? You gotta kind of reflect on yourself sometime. Where did this come from? This need to support Israel? And just speaking from my own experience, the more that I engage in this topic, the more I realize that Zionists kind of behave in a very aggressive, psychopathic way. And maybe these are the radical ones. Maybe there are some sensible ones out there.


And obviously I have been through the ringer in the last year of them trying to cancel my entire life because I didn't support Israel taking me out of context, lying about what I'm going to say. And I will say it is stunning how much they have to lie to sustain their movement. Meaning you just say Candace is funded by guitar. You just say Tucker Carlson is funded by guitar. You just make up stuff about Steve Bannon. You're like, I don't like you, so I'm just gonna make stuff up and smear you and libel you because we can get away with it. That's not exactly an ideology that I can get behind because if it requires lies to convince me that I should support you, then I probably shouldn't be supporting it in the first place.


And, and, and sometimes you see the, the emotional manipulation of it all. And I'm gonna throw this to Dave Portnoy, who has now come out and called me a lunatic because you know, they gotta do the Freudian thing. They always accuse you of being crazy. And yet I've never seen people behave more psychopath than like people who like shed a tear of happiness when bombs are dropped. And Portnoy did not even wait like three weeks from his last lunatic scandal, of course, because he, he can't see himself or something and he suffers from not being able to reflect on his own behavior perhaps. But yeah, this is like Dave Portnoy a couple of weeks ago, acting like a psychopath because his employee thinks that jokes are okay and he has decided that, nope, you cannot call him Rabbi Dave Portnoy or Jews are gonna die everywhere or something.


Dave Portnoy. Just tell people in your own words, Kirk, If you just want me to kick 'em out, not mention it, not care that this kid getting antisemite. Not at all. Shut at all. Shut up. If you just want me to ignore it, don't tell me, don't tell me to shut up. Don't tell me shut the fuck up, you bawled. Okay, go ahead. How's that? Oh, it's kill. I'll never recover from that. Dave, go ahead. Continue. I'll never recover. Well, you are the one who like, oh, big boss man, don't tell. I'll tell you. You work for me, okay? Go ahead. Continue. You little bitch, you work for me. Sure, you bet. For now. Oh, don't continue for now. Quit. I don't care. 500 is this show or not a show like is a show or not a show. Like we can't have a conversation. You, you, you are an idiot, okay? You are literally saying people should be allowed to make Jew jokes say whatever they want right now that yes, I think people should be allowed to make jokes.


So how many mother Jews have to be killed before you stop? How many answer the question. How many have to die so he can win this argument, which is that nobody should be able to call him Rabbi Dave Portnoy. Which I feel like now, like obviously If you see him, you should always call him. Like anybody who sees Dave Portnoy, you gotta call him Rabbi Portnoy. 'cause that's now just obviously funny and it couldn't be made more funny by the fact that he's having this meltdown. But he's not a lunatic guys. He's like totally stable. Like I will say this about the re the Zionist, they're not sending us their best like Mark Levin. It's like they don't have a feeling when it comes to other people. They just wanna get their way. Okay? So, and by the, this is Portnoy all the time.


I mean, he acted like he, he wanted to spike his ball and go home when he wanted to film himself for his pizza show. And he went to some pizza place in Le Lexington, Kentucky. And they told him that he wasn't allowed to film there. And he like kind of freaked out on the way out. Like, Hmm, don't you know who I am? I'm deep point where the guy that tries pizza take a listen, This guy's got permission to shoot on my patio today, Uhuh. Cool. So I'm gonna need you to make your way out this way, okay? I'm gonna give this a 0.0. Good fellas kicked out National pizza review. 0.0. I'll throw it away for you though, so we don't litter. It's trash. Thanks Ross. Trash. What a mistake that guy made who kicked out terrible.


Kicked out. What kicked out? He that guy kicked us out. Who kicked out this guy? Yep, dude. Kicked out for what? Raiding pizza guys pick. Got another one. Press. Oh, he don't remember kicking us out. It's on tape. That's poor full sports man force. Ah, zero point. What a mistake. What a mistake. Big mistake. Mistake. Gimme kick us out. What do you call that, Frankie? Would you say we got kicked out? Oh yeah, Big mistake.


Huge. Don't you know who I am? He, I'm the founder of bars Still sports. And then that place got like inundated with bad reviews. A bunch of people went after them. But don't worry, Portnoy is a saint. Once he gets his way, he gave, he let them make it up to him and went back. But that, that's, that's the guy we're talking about. He calls other people lunatics. He can't handle having to have a, a license to film somewhere. That's not his. So who are the real, who are the real lunatics? But let's let you listen to the clip of him because I think it really signifies what their greatest fear is because they've taken a part of my show from last week and they are now trying to run pr like Candace said something that's so unbelievable. It's so crazy. It's so unhinged.


It's this is true. Lunacy. Cancel Candace. Yeah, you're letting me know what your fears are. Take a listen to what Dave Portnoy had to say. I will say she's a, she's a lunatic. This is somebody who grew up their entire life, like I'm pretty sure pretty left like enough where people, if they said something mean about her, she created a doxing website. Like literally, and then she got shamed for that. Like If you said something mean she'd get, so you get canceled. Then one day she woke up, she's like, this isn't getting me the views. I'm going now going, she went extreme left to extreme right, like bang, like snapped her fingers. But she said, if Trump said we're gonna like get involved, you should, and you're in the military, you should dishonorably discharge.


If you're in the military, that's like a a, you go to jail for that. It ruins your life. It's the most insane. And they just say idiotic things like this and move along. Like it, it literally is like, go commit a crime. Like, So let's just unpack all of that. So like I said, to, to be a radical Zionist, you just have to lie and feel nothing when you do it. So this whole idea, Candace created a doxing website and she was so on the left and she'd put you in there If you said one mean thing about her complete fiction. Complete fiction. I mean, not even a shred of truth to this other than the fact that a politically, I had an idea on Kickstarter, no website existed. A splash page on Kickstarter to help kids that were getting arrested.


And on the basis of this is in my autobiography and you could go watch me do an interview with Dave Rubin because it actually became the reason because people on the left and right were debating, they thought that I could make this website and I had no money at all to make this website. It made me realize that something was wrong politically. Like why were people reacting to this little Kickstarter campaign? It's a part of my story, my awakening. She was so far on the left, I had never even voted. What are we talking about? Right? If I continue to vote Republican for the rest of my life, I will have lived and died a Republican like that will be my voting record. But he just has to lie because you, you need to pretend that there's something wrong with the person and then you then get to the real point, which is him and all of these radical Zionist accounts freaking out because during a q and a section of our show last week, somebody asked the question like, you know, I'm in the military, shouldn't I, should I even fight?


Like should I just come home? And I said, look, if I was in the military, and I'll say it again, I'm not going to die for Israel. Think about this radical Zionists were so freaked out that they took that part of the episode and were calling me like basically saying, can it should be arrested for treason. What does that signal to you? That signals to you that their greatest fear is American troops saying, I am not serving, I am not serving until you give me a real reason to serve. And a real reason to serve would not be to defend the borders of Israel while your borders are wide open. That's their biggest fear because it was just the Zionist accounts that were circling this going, oh my God, can you believe this?


Because they are Israel first. Okay, they're Israel first and they need Americans to die so that Israel can maintain its place as first, first in the Middle East, right? They to to be allowed to, for this country which does not have enough fighters to keep expanding its territory, which it is doing. It depends on Americans being stupid and dumb and compliant. And those are the real lunatics, my friends, the people that are trying to convince you that it is you better die. It doesn't, you know what happens If you, If you decide to leave the, If you desert your post, you could, you know you're gonna lose your benefits. That's true. You're gonna, you know, you could potentially spend some time in jail. That's true.


Like if they wanted to go real extreme, you're going to probably not be able to get a gun. 'cause you have to answer that question whether or not you've abandoned your post to the military. That's all true. That's not what they're, they're really fearful of. They don't care about American soldiers. They're not worried about this. Me saying, oh well, hmm, here's what I would do. They are worried that if it actually happened, they'd have a problem. They'd have a real problem. If American troops said, I'm done serving Israel. I signed up to Serve America. Why does any person support Israel today? Okay, I think the answer is you support Israel for one of two reasons. The first being Holocaust guilt, holocaust guilt.


We were just baptized in this pseudo religion of Holocaust guilt had nothing to do with us, but they made sure that systematically we learned this at school, right? We had to learn about the Holocaust even though it is a fact that Henrique Goda was way more of a psychopath, that he killed more Christians. This was happening at the exact same time. Okay? But the Soviets and the Bolshevik string all happening in the same time period. We don't learn about that because that's not what's being reflected in the movies in Hollywood. It's all about the Holocaust. So you grew up and when your brain was being developed, 'cause they, this is Soviet education, they understand that it has to happen when you're young and your brain's being developed.


You were taught that no matter what effectively Jews can do no wrong. And if, If you notice a Jewish person doing something wrong, then you are essentially guilty of maybe creating the next Holocaust. Case in point, tell a joke, call him Rabbi Portnoy. Well, that's it. Didn't you see? Life is beautiful? How could you call him Rabbi Porto? Don't you understand what your rhetoric is causing when you say Rabbi Portnoy? Yeah, you gotta, you gotta educate yourself. That's number one reason I think that most people feel guilt. And what's crazy about that is we had nothing to do with it. A b, there were worse things that were happening and c we're not even allowed to speak about the Holocaust.


How imagine being so powerful you execute this training for every child growing up in America and it's coming more. They just passed a a another, I believe in Congress they passed, and you can fact check this Skyler, but they passed a bill that every student in America would also have 1st of October seventh didn't happen on our soil, but we're gonna, every student is gonna have a learn about October 7th. This is part of that indoctrination that's taking place. Okay? So you have been indoctrinated in your youth to believe that it's somehow more weighted if it happens to a Jewish person and that you could be guilty of a Holocaust. And so you support that. And effectively at the same time they did that they also via a slight of hand niche that you can't even ask a question about the Holocaust.


Because as you get older and you get outta school and you start learning that, okay, you were told a ton of things about the Holocaust, but there were tons of things that you weren't told about the Holocaust. Like I think the thing that shocked me the most that I never learned, and please in the chat, let me know If you did, was about the Havara agreement. Like that's confusing, right? At the, at a bare minimum, can we all agree that not learning about the Havara agreement is weird? Skylar, can you pull this up? The Havara agreement? I mean, what, how we didn't even learn about it because then maybe you would ask another question, but they don't want you asking, and this is why the new radical Zionist pitch is you're not just asking questions. Don't ask any questions. Don't just remember what you learned in public school and that's it. People post up on Wikipedia, we're gonna get this up for you.


The the Havara agreement. The havara agreement is the transfer agreement was an agreement between Nazi Germany and Zionist organizations that was signed on the 25th of August of 1933 when Hitler was in power, okay? They signed an agreement with the Nazis. The agreement was finalized after three months of talks by the Zionist Federation of Germany, the Anglo Palestine bank under the directive of the Jewish Agency and the economic of authorities of Nazi Germany. It was a major factor in making it possible for people to migrate approximately 60,000 German Jews to Palestine between 1933 and 1939. That's during wartime, right?


So of course you naturally would go, okay, and this is why you, I didn't learn this since school. Maybe you did, did you guys learn it? Did you learn? I'm gonna check with chat. You naturally go. Okay. So somewhere being legally transferred to be allowed to resettle in Palestine while the rest of them were being killed. Like how did they decide who But no, no, no, no, no, no. Stop that right now because you would be guilty of the next Holocaust If you asked a question. So don't ask questions. You're not just asking questions. Number one reason that you support it. Second reason would be because of a theological crime scene. Because you are a person who, like Ted Cruz was taught in Sunday school that your Bible tells you that you'll be blessed If you support this country that is currently executing a holocaust and broad daylight that has executed a, a very thorough black male scheme in the United States to maintain its power that has been, is responsible and protecting pedophiles.


We can't get our pedophiles back, but we better send them $150 million. Yeah, that would be another reason that I think so many people get behind Israel because again, you're young, your brain's being developed, that is the time the Soviets understood this, that it was important while kids' brains were developing to feed them things. And this is one of the things that they were fed in Sunday school as Ted crude cr Ted Cruz says, If you are one of these people, I beg of you to please truly try to get to the root of why those pastors are telling you that. Get into the history of Schofield Bible. Get into the history of when this became a thing and how the before Israel became a nation, the Zionist lobby got behind these efforts to convince you that this was real.


I mean, and for those of you that are wondering what it is, like what is dispensationalism? What do they believe? Dr. Taylor Marshall, who is a Catholic like me, did an amazing job going through this, this modern theology just tackling it. And it was unintentionally funny how absurd it is that people believe that they had to break apart from the Catholic church because of indulgences, right? That's what we learned in school. The Catholic church was saying, give them this and you'll get a spot in heaven. But then you have this section of the, of Protestants who believe in the ultimate indulgence. God is gonna bless me. I'm gonna be blessed if I do whatever Bibi Netanyahu says.


Make that make sense. Take a listen to Dr. Taylor Marshall breaking down and that this is only in part you should go pursue this episode in its entirety, but just kind of crushing that argument. Take a listen. That's in the Bible. I as a Christian, I believe that, where is that? I, I can find it to you. I I don't have the, the, the scripture off the tip of my, So if you're gonna vote for wars and you're gonna give millions and billions of dollars to Israel and it's all based on what you learned in Sunday school where Ted Cruz says, If you bless Israel, you'll be blessed. You think you might want to know the verse. We are commanded as Christians to support the government of Israel.


We are commanded to support Israel. And we're called, what does that mean? Israel? We're told those who bless Israel, we be blessed, but what? Hold on, Define Israel. This is Important. Okay? So here we're gonna pause. Alright. He says, the Bible says If you bless Israel, you'll be blessed. So it's from Genesis, the verse he's referring to. I'm gonna pull it up on the screen. I prepped it ahead of time. There it is over my left shoulder and I will make of thee a great nation. He's talking to Abraham. I will make of thee a great nation and I will bless thee and magnify thy name. And thou shall be blessed. I will bless them that bless thee and curse them that curse thee. And in thee shall all the kindred of the earth be blessed?


End quote, Genesis chapter 12. Notice it does not say, bless Israel. The word Israel is not in the verse that Ted Cruz and the Dispensationalist are trying to use to get us into a war based on faulty theology. It does not say, If you bless Israel, you'll be blessed. It says, I will bless them that bless thee. That's singular. He's talking to Abraham. And beyond that, my husband pointed out something to me that's even more absurd.


So that verse, did he say it was Genesis chapter 12? That comes before, just so you understand, Genesis chapter, chapter 12 was when that verse is, Jacob is not even yet introduced in the Bible because Jacob, Jacob receives the name Israel from God. Okay, so Jacob is Israel. Israel is, Jacob doesn't even come in. It's, it's out of order. So it's Abraham first and then Israel, then Jacob. This is this, this is before Jacob in the Bible. So this argument is a nonsense, a well-funded nonsense, okay? And in large part, I do believe that all of the smears and all lies that I endured and believed about the Catholic church, which even take place in school like you, there were lot your lied to about the Spanish Inquisition.


Your lied about everything. I think it is because Pope Pius thei, okay? When Theodore hurt took him around and said, Hey, we're just gonna like take over space and, and create the modern sin of Israel. Told him to kick rocks. Okay? Maybe he didn't exactly say kick rocks, but he told them no. Okay. He told the Zionist movement, no, that actually is not okay. And, and you can't just do that. And I, I truly believe that they have held onto that. And it, there's a, a reason that there is, are so many lies that are spewed about the Catholic church. I don't wanna get onto this long theological rant, but I wanna tell you to go watch an episode. If you are one of the individuals who's being moved to support Israel because you believe that your Bible instructs you to, you better get into that episode of Dr. Taylor Marshall and, and park aside what you think you know about the Catholic church because it's, it's not true.


What you think you know about the Catholic church is simply not true. The last thing that I wanna say is If you are not falling into those two categories, and I don't know, maybe you're an atheist, you don't even know why you support Israel. I would hope that by now you have the moral compass somewhere in you to know that you cannot support what they are doing to the Palestinians. That everything that you're being told about what happens in the Middle East is happening in Israel. And this is, by the way, if you're following Israeli news, they are telling you it is an ethnic cleansing. Okay? You don't have to imagine this. The information is right there. Go onto your X feeded, look at the photos.


I mean, Skylar, do you have, okay, look at this. Look at the before and after of Gaza. Those were all buildings and they just wiped it all out. Okay? And they're talking about building and, and settling. They're sending settlers into their, okay, this is a planned annihilation. So when you say you are supporting Israel, you are supporting a planned genocide, a planned annihilation, because Miriam Adelson gave Trump a $100 million check. And she told him that she wanted to annex the West Bank too. Okay? This is imperialism being sold to you as something godly.


It is despicable. Please save your souls. I'm begging you, I am begging you to recognize this truth and to develop some courage and shame on all of the men out there. The commentators who are taking money from Israel in one way or the other, are taking money from Zionists one way or the other, and are too sh you know, scared to come right out and call this what this is meaning that you, you would even let your children grow up in this nightmare scenario potentially being dropped into another war by demons. Truly, I, I think I wanna be clear, I think Bibi Netanyahu was a demon. They tried to like do the emotional conditioning to me. He was like, okay, are you saying he's Adolf Hitler? Don't you know, how dare you mention Adolf Hitler.


No, no, no, we're not doing that anymore. Okay? Your social engineering Adolf Hitler project is done. We see what is happening in Gaza. We understand what the IDF Army is. They are literally in the press in Israel calling it the Hunger Games, okay? Because as these kids and adults run trying to get food because they're starving them, okay? And the trucks show up and they run, they just decide who they're going to shoot. That is a reality that is taking place every single day in Gaza. While your politicians try to tell you it's your biblical duty to support these monsters. It's not, it's not your moral duty, your biblical duty. And If you have any san any sense whatsoever, you will stand up to this nation, okay?


I mean, I'm on a rant. We're we at 57 minutes and I'm gonna have to go breastfeed my baby. It's, I can't believe this has gone, this has gone this long. 57 minutes. I look, listen, let me get to some of your comments.


First reminding you about Nimi Skincare. It turns out, actually I'm not funded by Qatar or Ron. I just have some decent morals. And you have to admit, my skin looks good when I'm renting. You have to admit that. And summer is officially here. And for many of us, that means more time with family and enjoying time outside. It also means we're paying a bit more attention to our skin. But as we're shopping for those summer essentials, we're often forced to choose between our values and our purchasing decisions. And that applies to everything including what you put on your skin. That's why I use Nimi Skincare. And Nimi Skincare is different. This is a brand that is proudly American conservative, owned, grounded in faith, family, and freedom. It's a brand for those of us who wanna shop our values and support companies that believe in the same principles that we follow. And now Mimi's got you covered from head to toe with their brand new body care line. Unlike other products in the market, their foundation's body bundle includes an active ingredient in every product. It's a simple three step routine, which includes the botanical bliss body wash, which gently cleanses after a long summer day. Then the revitalizing sugar scrub, which exfoliates and smooths the skin with vitamin C and coconut oil, and then finishes it out with the restorative body lotion with hyaluronic acid and aloe vera providing lasting hydration all summer long. So you should choose Nimi Skincare. It's more than just beautiful skin. It's skincare without compromise right now. Go to Nimi Skincare dot com and use code Candace 10 for 10% off your order. That's NIMI skincare.com with code Candace 10 today.


And also reminding you about American Financing quickly, because costs are rising on everything. And look, if we've got another war, we know what to expect. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? And then maybe you second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you're enjoying. Well, listen, that low rate that you're maybe enjoying, it's not saving you if you're drowning in credit card interest at 25% or more. And that's the math that people don't wanna face. It's actually costing you thousands. Here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt is going to follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity. Finally, break free from credit card debt. So you owe it to your family to see what's possible. There's no upfront fees, no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could be saving every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So do not wait any longer. Call American Financing today. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that is 807 9 5 12 10. Or just visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Oh wow. We've got 62,000 of you guys watching live. Gosh, I'm gonna be in so much trouble from the radical Zionist. I'm so scared. I'm really scared. 'cause like, you know, like Laura Luer, she gave me a nickname. She said, I'm, she said, I'm Teron Candy. I don't know how I'm ever gonna survive that one. The kids at school are bullying me. The cool kids, the Zionists are bullying me and they're gonna, you know, call me to Ron Candy everywhere. So scary. Allie writes, the thumbnail for this video made me seriously. LOL. Your sense of humor is sage level. Thanks for always knowing how and when to bring enough levity into the convo to keep us from falling into despair as we seek to stay informed. Take the white pill, Allie, I am never despaired.


I, I promise you in the end, we win like Christ wins. Like truth is going to win in the end. Okay? The way the truth and the life, Mikey, Mike writes, this was not supposed to go down like this. Even if World War III doesn't happen, the economy is going to feel it in their pockets big time. Yeah. It's like, what are we even arguing about? Like I said, they're like stringing us along and trying to pretend we're not involved, but we're kind of involved. And it's just a nonsense because either way, Americans are gonna suffer. That's it. Either If you wanna be so big and bad and BB and throw bombs, you better be able to defend yourself when the other country begins defending themselves. And apparently they can't do that.


We gotta keep involving America. Buckeye Bell writes, how do you suggest you deal with family, family members that are outwardly pro-Israel? My dad is staunchly pro-Israel. I'm very close with him. It makes me a bit sad, but as a Christian, I can't agree with him. It's okay. I think it's something, they all have this in our family. I have people that are per Israel in my family changing a lot, I will say, because Bibi Netanyahu has gone way too far. But you have to allow them to come into an awakening on their own. Like it doesn't happen for everybody on the same day. And I've always understood that because I, me especially, I'm like an acquired taste. Like people really hate me in the beginning. And then I think as more stuff comes out and they see that I've just been being honest one way or the other, they're like, okay, they warm up. But If you start demanding for people to like have that instant awakening at the moment that you did, it tends to not go over well.


And I truly do. I just pray for people. I say what I have to say. I listen to them, you know, say the truth, listen to what they believe is the truth and you know, kind of nod along. But you know, slowly but surely, hopefully the scales fall from their eyes. Arielle Anderson writes, Trump making the best decision we are to protect Israel. Bible says it, spiritual Israel is redeemed by the blood of Jesus, but the nation of Israel is still to be protected. Love you Candace, but this is scripture I love you back. But it is literally not scripture. It is not even a loose interpretation of scripture. In fact, it is anathema to scripture. God's chosen the new Israel, the covenant, it is us, it is Christians, those who followed Christ.


That is just, that is just the reality. And like I said, please spend some time watching that episode. If you disagree with me and love that you're still here, go watch that full episode of Dr. Taylor Marshall as he just slowly rips apart the arguments and shows you what's actually in the Bible. It doesn't even say Israel in that verse, which is what's even crazier. Okay? Then we have the Gen Z Compass writes, Candace, have you heard about the 200 Christians that were killed by Islamist terrorists in Nigeria? The world stays mute when such atrocities occur, but there is so much coverage of Gaza. Could you use your platform to bring light to this? Yes, we have spoken about Christians being murdered all across Africa. We've talked about what's happening in the Middle East. We could also talk about what's happening in Armenia, by the way, another refugee crisis that's happening.


And Israel, of course is supplying the arms. You wanna talk about what's happening in Congo? You've got Dan Gertler down there. You do have to wonder how they always, by the way, are controlling the trade of these things like Israel as a nation. Where are you getting all these diamonds from that you're just like running the diamond trade since like day one. Like what's going on with that? I'm, I'm just interesting opioid crisis. Where are you getting all these poppy flowers from? And so there's larger conversations that need to be had because sometimes people don't see how all of this is connected. And I think it very much is. But I have used my platform, you can go back and check my tweets and I've spoken about these things. The reason why people are talking about what's happening in Gaza right now is 'cause we're watching Annihilation and our tax paying dollars are quite literally funding it.


So it's problematic. It's just, it's problematic. We gotta talk about the Israel question repeatedly, and I'm glad to see so many people are speaking about it. But yes, Christians are being slaughtered all over the world. And I have spoken about that at length on this show. We have, I don know how to say, I think it's the event Simon writes Candace, who's more lost in the wilderness. The black community that you referred to in your book Blackout or today's folks that are buying the Israel propaganda, more loss. It's all the wilderness. Deeper into the wilderness is for sure people that have bought the propaganda that like somehow Israel is, we're getting blessed. We're being so cursed by blessing Israel. It's crazy. Like we are cursed, cursed, cursed nation.


I think if we just stop blessing him, let blessing Israel for a little bit that new nation in the Middle East, that things might get better. I actually think if we don't bless 'em for a little bit, we might actually receive some blessings here in America. SN writes, can we all do what the Bible says and right now say a brief prayer for our leaders? Actually, you should, as a part of your daily routine, be praying for our leaders. Like I, like I said, to Pierce Morgan today, I don't, I don't wish any ill harm on Trump. Of course, I've not turned against him. I think he has turned away from his promises. I don't regret voting for him because I don't think the other option would've been better. But I'm also not in a cult, and I'm gonna call this out because at the end of the day, I voted for somebody to be a leader, not a cult leader, but to be a leader of this nation and not Israel.


This nation right here. And I feel that Trump has, is maybe losing his way and he's, he's forgetting that. So that's all we're gonna say about that, you guys, as I said, we are way over time, but 63,000 watching live is absolutely amazing. Wanna encourage you guys, if, If you wanna support my work so that I don't ever have to be funded by Qatar and read you guys ads from Qatar, which I would just tell you I was fun by guitar, please head over to canne owens.com. You can pre-order the book, which I know I'm running a little bit late on pregnancy, got me late in the day and finally finishing the edits for Make Him a Sandwich. You can head and you can sign up and learn about the vaccine industry. If you're a new parent, we have a shot in the Dark series. You can sign up and join the book club where we get to say things that would not be appropriate to say on YouTube.


We get hit pretty heavily. The book club's amazing. It's been really fun. And we continue reading Babylon, Hollywood, Babylon, the founding of Hollywood Tomorrow, I think tomorrow at 6:00 PM Eastern. Is that right? Skyler, by the way, me always. I love your comments. You're like, I'm just always like Skylar Skylar. We've decided that I am basically wedding Crashers when he is like Mom, the meatloaf. Do you have that clip? Skylar? This is me. Hey mom. The meatloaf, we want it now. The meatloaf. Skylar, the clips. We need the clips now. We want it now. Love that. It's literally my favorite movie. Best comedy of all time, my opinion. We'll see you guys tomorrow.