
All Right guys. Happy Wednesday and stop everything because at Taylor Swift and yes, we are taking full credit for this stay at home mom. People that have been sending me tips, we are taking full credit for this journalism, but clearly either she or someone on her team saw our episode yesterday 'cause we have just been on the scent like a hound. And a, a picture was starting to form that Taylor Swift may have been involved somewhat in the background in what happened to Justin Baldon. I mean, she was named in a lawsuit for a reason. And like I said on yesterday's show, it was her particular style, these Easter eggs. She was hanging out with them at that time. The New York Times article lot, a lot of what happened just seemed to have a flavor of Tay.


Well today, her team and respect to them for the speed at which her marketing team moves, dropped an entire article in the press announcing that her and Blake are taking a break. They're no longer friends because shocking Taylor Swift feels used. She always feels used and she wants nothing to do with the Justin Baldon situation. Is she feeling, is she being used or are people starting to jump into lifeboats Because Ryan and Blake's Titanic, you know the ship that not even God could sink is sinking. It's going down because God is God, okay? Also, it's the anniversary of just smollett hate crimes. So it is a deed, a dark day, the hate crime that he staged against himself six years ago. And So I decided to invite on the Nigerian brothers, the unsung Dro brothers, the people who helped him in the plot against himself.


I asked them the burning questions that everyone wants to know, like this is MAGA country. Who exactly came up with that line? You guys are going to crack up. These men are hilarious. So let's get started and Welcome back to Candace. All Right guys, so we all know the backstory here. Blake Lively essentially threatened. You could say Justin Baldoni calling Taylor Swift and Ryan Reynolds, her beautiful little dragon monsters that she sometimes has to use to get what she wants done.


Well, I am pleased to report that we have got live footage of one of her dragons. Check this out. I am so sorry Queen Alii. It does not seem to be going well for you right now. Well, we'll tell you guys, yesterday we did this episode, obviously you saw it. I just was starting to put together this timeline like the psycho that I am, and recognize that Taylor Swift was just in the mix a lot. You know, she's listed on special thanks to Taylor Swift on the credits of it Ends With Us.


We had a lot of question marks about why that was. And again, just her particular flavor and style of I'm the victim and like these horrible men did something to me. And I personally did not feel that Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds had the star power to get the New York Times to risk their professional reputation to help take down Justin Baldoni. That's like global star power. That's something Kris Jenner can get done. Taylor Swift can get done, Beyonce can get done. Not Ryan Reynolds, not a Blake Lively for sure. Anyway, so today woke up Daily Mail, huge article. And I wanna tell you something. First and foremost before we even discuss this article.


Do not let people mistake you in a thinking. This is just a gossip column, okay? I've hung around some of these A-listers. I used to be friends with Kanye West, I know how this works. And let me tell you something that is well known in Hollywood is that Taylor Swift has plugs, especially at a Daily Mail when she wants to get a narrative out. The person that works for her is this woman named Tree and Tree is allegedly vicious. She will protect Taylor Swift's reputation by any means necessary. And they fold, okay? The editors, the writers, journalists, when she says put something in the mail, it gets done. And I'm not saying that part, allegedly, that is a pickety fact. Okay? Take that to the bank. Start a 401k tree knows how when, when she feels Taylor Swift, swift is being threatened, she's gonna protect her reputation.


So if his Daily Mail article appears very timely, it says, Taylor Swift's taking a step back from Blake Lively as dramatic legal battle with Justin Baldoni threatens their decade long friendship and it's got Jane Tuka as the writer. He is in the entertainment space. He's like the top writer for their entertainment column. And he's not gonna just write this unless he was told this. This is how it works in the background, you guys, you have these PR people who come behind and they tell you, this is what we want planted. And the more power you have, it'll be word from work, word for word, exactly what you want the public to read. So I'll tell you what they want the public to read. It says, Taylor Swift is taking a step back from her friendship with Blake Lively after feeling like she was used as an intimidation tactic by the actress in a lawsuit that she never wanted to be embroiled in for the time being.


She's taking a step back from Blake because she doesn't want to get tangled in this more than she already has, which is far more than she ever needed to be an insider tova daily male. Her friends also think that Blake's, I'm Kaisei and like her, I happen to have dragons text to Justin was uncool and unnecessary because she was essentially used as an intimidation tactic. She was referred to as some kind of pet or possession. Taylor shouldn't even be involved in this at all. She was only going over to visit Blake and Ryan with the understanding that the meeting would be over a second source, said Taylor has politely backed away from it all. She's conscious of her own image and hates that she was even mentioned.


Okay? So the last part is true. She's politely backed away because she's conscious of her own image. She's extremely conscious. But I just, it can't always be that Taylor Swift is being used. She can't always be being used. I'm sorry, it's, it's been like 20 years of her being used and I don't feel that that is the true story. Okay? They acknowledge in this piece of the last time that Blake Lively and Swift were pictured together was in October on a double date with Travis Kelsey. And since basically Blake Lively has filed this sexual harassment complaint with the Californian Civil Rights Department, there has not, they have not been pictured together. So again, I'm gonna tell you why I don't believe this article. First and foremost, because it is just Taylor's moti motor modus operandi to constantly say that she's being used and she doesn't know how she got here, blah, blah, blah.


But there's also something that doesn't make sense. Okay? What do you mean you showed up and the meeting was still going on? What does that mean? What does that I showed up and the meeting was still going on. So what, what are you being victimized by? If I show up at my friend's house and there's a meeting going on and I didn't know it was still gonna go on, I don't need to insert myself in that meeting. Justin bald in his lawsuit stipulates that Taylor Swift peer pressured him. And she's not denying that in this article. She's not saying I didn't speak to him. I said nothing. Which I would be like, oh, you just used me as an intimidation tactic in your phone. I had nothing to do with it. She is saying that she then went and heaped praise on Blake Lively's version of the opening scene. That's what his lawsuit states.


This is when they were talking about that rooftop scene. Okay? So she inserted herself in that. So unless Blake La the nudge and said, can you go in there? In which case Taylor Swift is still responsible for having peer pressured him. Then there's no deniability here. She can't say, I had nothing. I don't know how I got involved in this. You got involved in it because you peer pressured him to make a change that he didn't wanna make to his movie. So her follow-up text, which reads a like a psycho, obviously I'm Kaisei, these are my dragons. She said it because you did something, okay? He clearly texted and said You didn't have to do that. You didn't have to have Taylor Swift there to make me look at your, at your edits. And Blake Live doesn't say, oh, what are you talking about?


Taylor Swift said nothing to you. Instead, she doubles and triples down by saying, she's my beautiful little monster. Mm, sometimes I have to release these little monsters on the world. So it happens. Okay? It actually happened. And Bald said that she specifically spoke up about how much she loved the script, which implies to me that unless Taylor Swift is a liar, she read the script. So she involved herself in the script of the movie unless she lied again, just backing up a friend. Yeah, what she said, loved the move. She must have read Blake Lively's edit. So why is she backing out here? Very carefully worded back out because she's smart. Okay? Taylor Swift is very smart.


She's media savvy, tree is media savvy. She's looking at this case, okay? If you're her, her, her point person tree and you're reading through the documents, you're going, Blake Lively's going to lose this. Okay? So we're gonna take a lifeboat now and say that we don't wanna deal with this. She could still, by the way, be friends with Blake Lively in the background. If, if Tree is as savvy as I think she is, she's probably gonna say to Taylor, pretend to be shocked that this article came out, but we're getting you outta this publicly. We're gonna throw this article in the Daily Mail. Then you tell, I don't know what happened. I feel used by Tree. I don't know how this article happened. So the public thinks you have nothing to do with it, and you are not gonna be pictured with her until this thing is over. And this is being slated for 2026.


Okay? So I, I don't even think they're not friends anymore. She's the godfather to her children, godmother to her children. But I think that Taylor Swift is publicly backing away from this friendship because she's intelligent. But like I said, I have a scent on this like a hound, and I wanted to show you something and I'm gonna show you why I, I even further do not believe a word that Taylor Swift is saying. And I still have question marks about her involvement because something else that got sent to me is completely crazy. Okay? Seriously, you guys, this is get seated here. This is super interesting. So I'm showing you something that I actually had saved as a piece of the puzzle, but I didn't know where it quite fit in the puzzle. So I just held it to the side. I was like, okay, this is random. It's a random thing that I know happened, but I don't know why this happened and I'm not sure why it's important.


So apparently toward the end of filming for it ends with us and also simultaneously the end of the filming for Deadpool. 'cause remember, these films were filming at the exact same time. Suddenly the, it ends with Us Crew decided that they needed a new composer. It's very strange. The the movie has a composer and you would not be hiring that person or trying to change that person or fire that person late in the day. You don't just suddenly switch out the composer a year after you begin filming. That sounds very stressful. And what was even more interesting is that not only did they remove the ends with Us Composer, but they decided to use Deadpools Composer.


Okay? So here's the clip that I didn't show you before 'cause I wasn't sure about this piece. And here is Deadpool's composer, Rob Simonson discussing that sudden change in the phone call that he got. Take a listen again, this is Deadpool's composer Rob Simonson appearing on the SCORE podcast. So there was like a week of recording left on Deadpool and I suddenly get a a, a text from from Blake and she sent a little video saying, you know, I'm doing this thing, need a score, do you can, can you deliver it in a week?


And I said, I don't, I don't think a week, but maybe three if we have three. So that materialized and yeah, so it was sequential, was able to kind of finish up Deadpool. But I was going from the dub of Deadpool and going back to the studio at night working on Blake's film. So in a week it's a little nutty. Well, we, it ended up being, it ended up being about a month. I, I have to wonder, I mean no interest in dishing, but was there a composer before that they, and or did they just one day wake up and say, oh, you know what, we need a score.


Call that guy. He's doing my husband's movie. Maybe he has time. I mean, how do you end up getting a call with We're in that kind of a pinch, unless I kind of guessed correctly. Yeah, I I I think probably it was a, it was a scenario of a, of a last second replacement. A last second replacement of a composer in which someone got kicked out of it ends with us and they pulled over this guy from Deadpool last, last minute, the umpteenth hour. What could, what could have happened? I didn't know what to do with this information. I was like, okay, just store it Candace something, something will pop up and a piece of this will make sense.


So get ready. Okay, yesterday somebody sends me an email. It's always like, I'm telling you the culture man. We are on these people. We are just like the whole FBI unit of like stay at home moms, you know, dads that are really good at tech sending me information. So this woman puts on my radar that there's a Reddit post, an anonymous Reddit post. I kid you not that went up six months ago, six months ago. During the week of the, it ends with US Premier. Now typically read a post anonymous, who cares, right? You're like, okay, well like this seems like a stretch. No, it's not a stretch. This is amazing. This person correctly stated everything that was going to happen. Well, since what has happened since and what was happening in the background, essentially they present themselves as like I, I know the person.


I'm a person that is going through this. Here is what is going on. And you're not gonna believe what is going on and why it's happening. And of course when this person posted on a Reddit, no one believed her because who would believe anonymous post a person saying that there's all this drama happening in the background. The date on this post is August 12th. Okay? So just to give you the timeline, it ends with us world premiere was August 6th. That's when they had the red carpet premiere. Justin Baldon gets put into the basement. August 9th is when you me, if we wanted to could go see it in theaters. This person on August 12th decides to write a whole long post because they're overcome with emotion and they don't know where to drop it. And that's what Reddit's for, right? You can't say it to people that you know. So you just drop it on the platform and look what this person says.


This is amazing. Okay? I'm gonna read you the post this entirely. This is in the Reddit feed for Colleen Hoover. This user writes, okay, I know a lot of the inside drama before it ends with us and I just don't know who to share it with. So here we are. I'm obviously using a throwaway, but I know someone who worked on the movie for most of its run. Who would've gotten these details piping hot and not some grapevine situation. They told me firsthand what they know. I'll give you the bullet points. Supposedly Blake felt that Justin made her uncomfortable on set. One instance in particular they said was that Justin told Blake that she looked sexy and what she was wearing on set, I don't know the context around it. Pause there.


Fact check true. It was in Blake Lively's lawsuit. She said that he used the word sexy. This is a huge part of a lawsuit that we then found out in December. This person's dropping this tee in August. And Justin Baldon, he's defense was, this was a word that she introduced into, into our lexicon, so to speak, in terms of our, our friendship. She used to say sexy. So when I she, when I said sexy, I thought that was an okay term. So this person knows that it's in both of their lawsuits. Next they say apparently Justin wasn't happy with the original editors being cut out of the movie. So he hired his own teen to do his version of the movie. Blake wanted to do her own version of the movie as a result. But Sony said no again, that fact check's true.


We know that there were two versions that ended up being created. So Blake goes to Sony and threatens to go to the New York Times with a story that says that Justin was sexually harassing her onset if they don't let her have her own version. This is crazy, okay? Crazy because in Justin Baldoni suit, he alleges that for months she, she was, Blake Lively, was colluding with the New York Times for months. And I'm going, where is he getting for months? We've now traced this back to December 18th. Well this must be the version is that she basically said, give me what I want or I will go to the New York Times. Now this is all an allegation, but it's fact checking true because she ended up going to the New York Times and actually doing this, okay in the background.


So if Sony told her, no, you don't get to edit our film, she says, I will go to New York Times and blast you for sexual harassment. Let's keep reading what this person dropped. Sony freaks out and says, okay, whatever you want. Again, when you read through Justin's complaint and what was happening behind the scenes with Sony, this I would say fact checks true based on the evidence and documents that I've seen. It then says Justin is banned from the Sony lot. I don't think forever just for the run of the movie. But I could be wrong. That would make sense. If they're worried about a me too situation, they're gonna be like, okay, we don't want this to happen And so we're gonna separate from you creatively not let you get involved or do anything. This is the reason how, this is how he ends up in the basement. It then says, Blake hires t Swift's music video editors to do her version while she's filming in Italy for something else.


Guess what? That fact check's true as well. Blake Lively went to Italy to film a simple favor to another movie and we had never had this tip that she hired Taylor Swift's music video editor, okay? Next. Blake has a friends and family screening to get thoughts with lots of a-listers, Ben Affleck, Brad Bradley Cooper, I think, et cetera, et cetera. Now why is that something to me? 'cause another piece I couldn't figure out is why in the credits when they make fun of it ends with us and they put in Gordon Reynolds, If you could pull that credit up right now, Skylar, if we could pull in the credits from it ends with us if we have it. They also included Bradley Cooper and I didn't know why.


I was like, why is she giving a special thanks to Bradley Cooper in the eight ends with us? Why did Blake Lively move to do that? That made no sense to me. This then locks that in. Bradley Cooper then sees the edit that was done with Taylor Swift's editor. This person had the T Let's keep, yep, there we go, right there. So you see we're pulling this up Now Gordon Reynolds that top line. I was like, why is she thanking Bradley Cooper, Taylor Swift, Britney Spears, she wore her outfit Austin Swift. I was like, what? Why are we thanking Bradley Cooper? Well this person has connected that dot for us very quickly. Let's keep reading. But they had to say, so she gets their thoughts. Everyone is like, oh this movie makes no effing sense.


Blake realizes she needs to hire an experienced film editor to fix it. So Blake uses a T Swift song in the movie that the studio loves having in there. Again, that FactCheck true. We all know that they use a Taylor Swift song and they did a lot of press about that. Taylor Swift finds out that the original composer for the movie is someone that she worked with in the past that was mean to her. And she says, it's either me or it's him. So you can use my song, but she gotta get rid of this composer. Sony Fires that composer to keep the Taylor Swift song. I think that's everything I know, guys, guys, guys.


I'm feeling that every single bit of that post, which happened four months before the general public was aware of anything going on before any lawsuits were filed has to be absolute facts. So that again puts Taylor Swift at the center of this. It ends with us drama saga composers leaving music in there. She was involved during this time heavily with Ryan RELs and with Blake Lively. And for that reason my friend, I am sorry but you have to be subpoenaed. I'm sorry. I'm sorry you're coming. You're coming to court. I am subpoenaing Taylor Swift in this lawsuit that I had nothing to do with. But I'm telling you right now, Baldon subpoena her 'cause she's got something to do with this.


Okay? I'm not saying how much she has to do with this, but I'm saying that Reddit post, it's given me like we're on the money here. Sorry tree. We're probably gonna have to subpoena Bradley Cooper too, I think. I think Bradley Cooper's gotta come. Sorry guys. I want everybody in the courtroom. Okay, I'm going me, I'm going. I'm gonna bring Savannah. I'm gonna be dressed up. I am watching this go down next year. Everyone has to be subpoenaed. There was much more going on here than meets the eyes. Okay? This is like an octopus just like covering everything. It's got more tentacles, arms than we could have ever imagined. And by the way, speaking of subpoenas, we are especially subpoenaing Colleen Hoover. Okay? The writer of the book. Because there is something that stinks to high heaven there because why did she delete her Instagram on January 22nd?


Okay? She didn't delete it when Blake Lively filed, she was with Blake Lively, all this stuff. She didn't delete it when Justin Bald filed, I think he, he filed a couple of days later. Why did she move to delete her Instagram on January 22nd after Brian Friedman started making the rounds signaling that he was going to subpoena all of these communications? I think we're trying to delete a digital trail. I don't like it. I also don't like that. Shortly after we had this announcement from a variety article, I mean shortly after her little sit down with Bla with Blake Lively, we showed you this clip. I'm gonna show it to you again where she doesn't seem surprised when Blake Lively says like, oh, if Colleen gets her movie back, I would love to be in the sequel.


This was on CNN, just reminding you. Okay, so this is her and Blake Lively having this conversation during the week that, I think it was August 7th, yeah, August 7th when their movie it ends with us, came out reminding you what they said for a reason. Take a listen And there exclusive, exclusive sequence. Colleen Hoover. What chance say You can have a what? A sequence. Like it starts with this. Oh, I mean if Colleen has her rights, I'll go anywhere. I'll follow this woman anywhere. Y'all heard her, Y'all heard her. I did hear her and I heard you Colleen. You didn't seem surprised by that. And Justin Baldoni already owned the rights. You sold them to him.


Wayfair or Studio already owned the rights. So what did you two know that the general public didn't know? And then follow following that little sit down and then start looking into Colleen, her Hoover. And she, at some time around this period, at least according to this variety article, launched her own production company with the aim of getting, you know, control over her future books. Okay, look at this. This is Variety article that was published on October 7th. And it's saying Colleen Hoover novel, this is another one. Reminders of him sets movie adaptation at Universal for Valentine's Day 2026. Okay? Buried in that article it says she and Hoover and they're referring to a partner, her partner Levine will produce through their newly launched production company Heart Bones Entertainment.


So I think something's going on here. I think that we're gonna have to bring in some Heart Bone entertainment execs. I even went so far as to look up their LLC and see if there had been any movement. So she filed for Heart Bones Entertainment, LLC in Beverly Hills in California in January of 2023. I'll add it to our timeline. But there was a change. Go back to that. And this, this screenshot doesn't show you, she changed her agent for this LLC in October, right? So right around the time that this came and this announcement came of Heart Bones Entertainment, she moved to make her agent a very, very high flying law firm.


A, a lawyer there that works for a law firm that's recently changed its name. I mean theyre everyone from Johnny Depp to Brad Pitt. I mean a-list. A-list. Jake Gien Hall. And I'm going, what's that move about? I've got questions I gotta dig a little into Colleen Hoover, this production company being launched. But little ha ha ha. You heard her? Yep, we did hear her Colleen, we did hit Echoing. In my mind, Colleen and I find you to be suspicious and I find Taylor Swift to be suspicious. And from what's what I know about Taylor Swift and how she got her masters and how the public still doesn't really understand how that happened from a business perspective. And yet it's, it's all about the press. It's all about the press. If you can win the press war, then you can kind of do whatever you want in the background.


And I, I am feeling, I'm getting vibes that this entire move was about sinking Justin bald potentially because they just wanted to get this movie and the sequel out of his hands. And a better story would've been, well we're giving it to Colleen Hoover, she's the book owner. She has to own her masters, right? Rather than who invested in that, by the way Harp, I'm just wondering, does she own it? A hundred percent Did, did Ryan and Blake make an investment in it? I wanna see their Instagram communications. You can't just like throw bleach on it and smash a file and think that we're not gonna find it. There's digital footprints Colleen, and I'm gonna need yours. I need George immediately. Okay, so anyways, everyone right now is scattering into the wind, including look at this headline.


Blake Lively's own brother-in-law. Okay, so Blake Lively has a sister that is more talented than her. Her name is Robin Lively. Absolutely loved her in Teen Witch. Really a fantastic movie, Robin. Anyways, Robin is married to a guy and he initially came out and was throwing shade at Justin Bald. And look at his headline. Blake Lively's brother-in-law apologizes. This is today guys, for anything unkind he said, amid Justin Baldoni drama because now we're chasing down the real bullies, right? And so By the way, and I think there's another headline of him saying that People Magazine is covering it. I wanna say I respect that. I respect If you got it wrong, like legitimately and you maybe really thought she was sexually assaulted.


Now you've read through the complaint and you're saying, you know what, I shouldn't have done that. That is like respectable right there. It's the people like Brandon Linner who are silent right now, who hyped this, read the complaint, read the, we read it and then we read Justin's. And it is despicable that you threw a guy under the bus. And I think Brandon Linner, he's gotta be subpoenaed, okay? He absolutely must be subpoenaed into my courtroom. That's how I feel. I'm, I want Brendan Linner, Colleen Hoover and Taylor Swift subpoenaed into this courtroom. And an article on The Daily Mill is not gonna stop that Taylor Swift's team. So we will pause there. I guys, I have literally the most hilarious this is, this interview is gonna make your day.


Before we get there, though, I have to tell you, this is a very big day for me. I'm really excited. I am just beside myself. It has been such a labor of love. But our new website is up CandaceOwens dot com. I've been telling you about that, all of you guys emailing me about a shot in the dark series today, I officially launched the new website at Candace Owens dot com. Obviously could not have done it without the help of the people that developed this website at at Patmos Development. So here's what we're offering. This is, this is obviously some of this is free and some of it is behind a paywall. And just being honest with you, this was, this is the largest investment I've ever made that me and my husband have ever made in ourselves. And so it was, it was not, this has not been an easy project and, but I just believe in the work that we're doing and I don't want to be subject to YouTube's policies to be able to bring in, you know, a shot in the dark or talk about vaccines or as we're doing the Emmanuel Macron series.


So If you go to can stones.com, you can join the book club. So many people have been asking about all the books that we read. We're gonna meet twice a month on this website. First book up is gonna be chaos obviously. 'cause I had been, that is the book that broke my brain. There's exclusive content that's gonna be up there, a shot in the dark, obviously being back. So the first 10 episodes are officially up If you want to subscribe to that and only that. And then we just release a new episode every two weeks as we were doing when I was of a Daily Wire. I can't wait for you guys to see the birth control series 'cause that one completely shocked me to learn what was in there. But it makes all of this stuff safe. Also, of course the Macron episodes that would never be able to survive on here are going to be up.


Those will not be put behind a paywall. So don't worry. First episode will be on YouTube as we introduce you to it. And then our upcoming Becoming Bridgette series will live on the website for the things that they will definitely strike us for here on YouTube. So If you wanna join the book club, it's just 9 99 a month, which I felt was like a really great price for access to literally everything 1699 a month. And as always, the podcast episodes will still be free. So do not worry if you're not in a place right now where you can do that. And there will be all of these free and paid versions on the website. A lot more communication. I'm hoping to make like a mom, Reddit, like a mom edit, where we can talk and freely exchange information for all of us who don't fax our children.


So that will be fun as well. Anyways, I just wanna thank Pat moss.tech. They developed the website and more importantly to thank my husband because this is just the stuff that he does behind the scenes and it has been a a killer season for him getting this together as well as my team, my producers, mark Skyler, Chris, everyone has played a part in this. So CandaceOwens dot com and we have all that extra information. Okay guys, Abel and Ola on sro. Listen, six years ago a terrible thing happened. Black guy walking through Chicago got beat up by some MAGA people and then we found out that he maybe beat up himself, but it was a traumatizing thing for him, him to go through nonetheless. So I just would like to show you this clip of Jesse on Jesse Smollett on a b, C news after the horrific incident that has never been happened before.


A hate crime against thyself. Take a listen. Who says empire? This MAGA country ties a noose around your neck and pours bleach on you. And this is just a friendly fight. I will never be the man that this did not happen to. I'm forever changed. I have fought for love. I'm an advocate. I respect too much. The people who I'm now one of those people who have been attacked in any way. You do such a disservice when you lie about things like this.


If the attackers are never found, how will you be able to heal? I don't know, let's just hope that they are, you know what I'm saying? Like, let's, let's not go there yet. Let's, I'm not laughing, you're laughing. And for those of you that are laughing in the chat, I'm completely disgusted with you. This was a real attack. It's just one that we've never considered. And I felt when he said that, like we gotta find these attackers. Like I had to find them and I did find them. And so ladies and gentlemen, we are gonna cut, we, we boomed this interview with them yesterday so we could roll it today.


So I'm gonna roll it for you guys and then I will see you for live questions. And I promise you this interview is going to make your day take a listen. Abel and Ola, I have been meaning to interview you guys for quite some time. I mean really fantastic. Fantastic work. I, I guess my first question really is how much would it be if I wanted to book you to conduct a hate crime against myself? At this moment I'm assuming prices have gone up. Yes, definitely. It is not no longer 3,500. It is. We we we've a hundred XD that, so yes.


Okay, so you might be out of my budget. There's a lot of questions here that I think many people have, but I guess my first question is, were there my second question rather, were there no white people available for this particular park? So I think if you're gonna try to do, you know, this is MAGA country, I got, you know, assaulted by some white people, maybe trying to cast some white guys in this part might have been good. Yes, I agree. Let me explain something I blame for this whole thing. President Trump for this whole experience to that went down. And the reason I blame him is because in 2016 he did not address the DEI issue.


So we were DEI hires, that's why Jesse used us. So I blame President Trump. So can you tell me how did Jess, Jesse breach? I need to know how the conversation started. 'cause it's such an awkward conversation to have like, can you assault me and pretend to be white guys? I, So I just need to hear you guys tell me how it went down. Yeah, so he initially texted me saying that he wants to speak with me on the low, that I should come meet him at center space where they film empire. So I went to go meet him and he was driving me home and he was smoking weed.


Of course he always does. And he just randomly said, I want you to beat me up. Yeah, crazy. Right? But before he, before he said that he did say Kim k she had just gotten robbed in Paris, her family. And he was telling me how that was staged. That's what he said. He said it was completely fabricated that it was a publicity stunt. So he was trying to let me, like, trying to convince me to do this. And then he was like, yeah, I want you to beat me up. So I, I was at first confused.


I didn't say anything and I waited for him to say something else 'cause I, I was dumbfounded. And then he said, yeah, I need you to beat me up. Fake beat me up. So then he then proceeded to ask me if my brother would do it and I said, sure. I, he would. So that's what happened. So you're just in a car and he's like, remember that Kim k thing? That entire thing was fake. Which By the way, I have not heard that. So that's very interesting that he would say that. And maybe he would know, who knows. But so he's just saying to you like, I need you to do this. You're saying your brother's instantly in, when did he kind of spell out for you the plan of how he wanted to go down? And also did he tell you why he wanted you to do it?


Is he just like a, just like a PR stunt? Yeah, so initially he, so we went to go meet my brother that day. We, when he drove me home, we saw my brother, he got in the car and then he laid out the details, what exactly what he wanted us to do. And then we did a drive through the not a drive through. A run through run the next day? Yeah, like rehearsal dress Rehearsal dress rehearsal. Yeah. Where we went to the location. He, he picked out everything, all the details. He picked it out and he said a camera would be right there that we're gonna do it right here by the stairs and the camera would capture everything.


And he did mention that it was for publicity. Well, he didn't say it, it was implicit implied that it was supposed to be for publicity because he said he was gonna disperse it to the media companies. And he never said, what he didn't say was, he never said it was gonna be for reported to the police. Okay. Which then made it criminal. Okay. So whose idea was the bleach? 'cause that's a very compelling part of the story. I, I mean I've been black a long time I would say. And when I think of crimes against black people, just from my experience, no one like throws bleach. 'cause it's not gonna dye your skin white per se.


So whose genius idea was the bleach? So actually it was originally supposed to be gasoline, but I did not feel comfortable throwing gasoline on somebody. So I changed it to bleach. Yeah. So it's actually a better option. That's a good touch. So you, okay, so you got the bleach in there now when he recommended the gasoline, what even what, why even the gasoline? I don't know. Dramatic. I, yeah, I don dunno, Jesse personally. Yeah. But he doesn't sound like the brightest, you know, maybe the brightest of stars so to speak, because I don't know why would you wait?


And by the way, gasoline kind of expensive, you know? Right. Okay, so here's another question. Black people obviously, just going into some black science here, we don't particularly love the cold. So that was the one of the first things that flagged me as weird. I said, listen, you, you can't tell me that black people are out during a polar vortex. Was the polar vortex accidental? Did you pick that night accidentally? It was very accidental. So Jesse wanted it to be done. My brother could go more into it. He wanted it to be done before we left for Nigeria. So we already had a trip going to Nigeria that we booked three months prior.


So he w he reached out to us and he knew we were going to Nigeria. So he asked, Hey, when are you guys gonna Nigeria? Oh tomorrow. Well I need it done today. You know, and that's how it went down. And then he, and we were only gonna be in Nigeria for two weeks and he said, no, he can't wait for two weeks. And we have a, an idea why that might have happened. Yeah, it was kind of crazy because his flight, he was coming back from New York that day and his flight kept getting delayed. It got delayed like twice where we had to change the original time of 12:00 AM to 2:00 AM in the morning.


And he still wanted to go on with the plan. He said, no, we're still doing it. So that's what happened. He wanted us to do it before we left to Nigeria. So you guys are communicating and he's like, no, it's still on. Like is this just on text? Okay. So all of this is being documented and when you realized how many degrees it was not that night, did you as black men have some second thoughts about whether you were going to embrace this polar polar vortex? Were there any second thoughts? There was four thoughts. Four thoughts. It was it, man, it was cold as hell. It was colder than penguin feet. I'm saying there was times we were like, you know what, let's just go back bro.


Let's just go back. Yeah, we actually, 'cause he was late, he was not at the exact spot Exactly at 2:00 AM So we gave him literally a couple minutes to show up. Yeah. Because we were, we weren't gonna wait out there. But lo and behold, he showed up at the last minute. Wow. Unbelievable. And so when he gave you the script per se, because you went over the plan, the detailed plan was this is MAGA country in it? Or were you guys sort of ad-libbing MAGA country? I feel that we came up with that. But all the other, all the other stuff like all the like the real bad derogatory stuff.


That was all Jesse. Yeah, the red, well he wanted the red hats and we just made it MAGA country, you know, so yeah. So the, he wanted us to say the F word or he wanted us to say, wanted us to say, aren't you that empire? And then we was like this MAGA country before beating him up. Well fake beating him up. Yeah. So that's Why I think the greatest part is the line. This is MAGA country. Like if we're going for the awards here, whoever came up with that line is the creative genius of the two of you. Because I just think it is hilarious. It's just objectively, this is MAGA country.


No, he lit, he wanted us to get like actual Make America great again hats. But we couldn't find them Nowhere in Chicago. In Chicago, the bluest city ever. So we just, we just got a regular red hat from the beauty supply. And did he say to you, what, what did he say about your not white faces? Like was it his suggestion that you had to cover them? What, how did that, what did he say? Yeah, so since there were gonna be cameras, he said make sure you cover your face wear masks and all that. So we, you couldn't see our face. It was to the point that, so my brother and I, we were playing, it was an acting gig for us.


So we were playing white supremacists, white racists from the south. So we've, we even came up with names. He was bubba, but I didn't have no name. So, so it was, it was so believable to the point that when we were in the Uber on our way there, the Uber driver. Yeah the Uber driver told the police that they were white guys. So he thought we were white and Yeah. 'cause we were talking in our southern accent, our best southern accent. So yeah, If you don't mind, just because we're here, could we hear Bubba's southern MAGA country accent?


Yeah. So that night when we went and took care of Jesse, that Jesse, yeah. I couldn't go get that boy over there. That boy thought he could fight us back. Yeah. All right. We took care of that boy, didn't we? Yeah, we did. This is MAGA country and you better know it. I don know If you gonna be in trouble. It's terrible. Your accent are terrible. I know. You sound like two Nigerian men trying to sound like you're from Tennessee. They're terrible. Oh hey people broke the carpet.


Dunno. You know that's, yeah. Oh my gosh, it's so funny. Okay, so when you got the noose, this is very important because that's all that happens down here. Just noose is everywhere. Did you ever expect that following the incident, Jesse, Jesse would be so dumb as to leave the noose around his neck and still be holding the sandwich because this, this seems like this maybe went wrong in the improv skit because I do think that if I was getting jumped with gasoline and bleach and being called the N word and the F word that I might drop the sandwich. Like it's not that subway's not particularly the greatest thing I've ever eaten. And he didn't do that. So what, what happened there?


He might've been hungry, right? Especially after a ass whooping. Yeah, that ass whooping was pretty hard on him. Yeah. But we think he left the noose for a reason. And so two months prior, I think in December a bill was passed or it passed the Senate floor or the house floor and then it was going to the other side and it was the anti-lynching bill. I don't know if it was called that at that time. And it was also coming up again February 14th. And that's the reason why we believe he wanted us to do it again right before we went to Nigeria.


Because we wouldn't have been back by February 14th. So our book, so we released a book that tells about the whole situation about If you make a mistake, you know that's not the end all be all. You can move forward and pass that. And our book explains who we think might have brought this. Yeah, we don't think Jesse's the actual mastermind behind this. We think somebody put 'em up to this. Yeah. Honestly. Yeah, I would book, Let me tell you, no one's ever accused Jesse Smoot of being a mastermind. I will. I will tell you that. So what is the title of your book and where can people go to find it? So the title of the book is Bigger Than Ju, the Modern, the what is it?


The Disturbing Need For A Modern Day Lynching. And it is found on Amazon or anywhere you buy your books Barnes and Noble anywhere. Okay, so you guys, you're hearing that my listeners, If you want to hear more about this story, which is truly, it's, it's now a part of American history. It's positively hilarious. Just a couple things. Obviously If you guys listening, if a black person ever tells you that they went out in a polar vortex, it's funny business, okay? It's just not what we do genetically. We cannot do certain things and that's one of them. That's why we don't ski ice hockey, none of those things. And so that's why I knew the story never made sense, but go out and buy their book. They're positively hilarious. And they were completely honest from the beginning with the police. They came forward and told the truth.


'cause for them they were just, they were just trying to play a part. They were just trying to be bubba. You know, they didn't know that they were getting involved with some crazy politics in trying to get an anti-lynching Bill passed you guys, I am so glad that you joined me today. I can't tell you, I've watched your interviews and you guys are hilarious. So I wish you all the success in the world. And the next time I get in touch, please do know that it will be to stage my own hate crime. And I'm gonna have some really good lines for you. Okay? We ready? Get your money up. Yeah, yeah. Price. Thank you guys so much for joining. We'll put a link up to your book.


Thank you. We appreciate you, appreciate you. Well I'm disgusted at the live chat right now. A lot of laughing emojis that they shared. A story that has given Jesse Smit great pain. Plausibly the worst accent I have ever heard in my entire life. I knew that would brighten your day 'cause it brightens my day when we recorded it yesterday. Very, very funny. All Right guys, I I, we could almost get into all of your comments and questions during this article.


First one remind you one of our sponsors, American Financing, because I know there's a lot of Americans that are carrying around credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month. It's time to take control of your debt. If you're a homeowner and you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home at Homes equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customer $800 a month by doing this. Saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you could be saving. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. It's American Financing dot net slash owens.


All Right guys, again, reminding you, please go to Candace Owens dot com. We worked so hard on that and it is, like I said, a shot in the dark. We have three seasons of that. We're gonna go through vaccines for children so that moms don't feel, parents just don't feel like out of the blue like they're telling you it's life or death so that you have more information, you can ask the doctor questions. And hopefully you understand my journey and why I am anti-vax and why so many moms are now saying no to vaccines. I am. That's very close to my heart. I think it's the most important work that I do to be quite honest. We'll also put up interviews with people that we could never speak to. Obviously the Emmanuel Macron series will be there. And the book club, If you guys wanna join the book club. First book we are reading is Chaos of course, because it has been the one that has broken my brain and I have so many questions about our government.


It's gonna be really fun for us to be able to chat about books each month. And yeah, so check it out. At least go check it out CandaceOwens dot com, let us know what you think, give us some feedback and thank you guys. 'cause that site, which was very, like I said, a very major investment was only possible because you guys invested in me and those of you guys that were signing up to locals, we migrated you over to the platform already so you didn't miss out. If you were like, can I just signed up for locals? Don't worry, you got migrated over for free at no cost to yourself for the year If you signed up for the year or the month, whatever it was. And so just from the bottom of my heart, like thank you guys for just making this possible and allowing me to invest in making things bigger. And thanks to my team and especially like I said, thanks to my wonderful husband because he has done everything.


I am not a tech genius, by the way, for tomorrow I'll have a major tidbit. I think tomorrow we're deciding whether or not we need to spend the day working on the Emmanuel Macron intro. But if we are here tomorrow, I also got more metadata, which suggests that the New York Times titled the article and began working on the article on December 10th. So our timeline is getting crazy. We are really starting to understand what evil, in my view, Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively, were in cahoots to impart upon Justin Baldoni. And we are, we listen, we are being copy and pasted from right now. I'm literally having the Daily Mail, steal our content and create articles and pretending that they found all of this stuff. And it obviously is not true.


You guys did, we did. It is our little CIA Candace Investigation Academy, whatever you wanna call it, that association that's sending all of this information to info at Candace dot com. So many insiders saying, I worked here, I worked there, I'm on set. Or just saying, have you seen this? So it's, you guys like it's, it's independent journalism. The people at home that are making dinner for their kids who find time at night to look up some stuff. So I wanna thank you guys and credit you guys and know you should know that you are bigger than the media. Okay? We're already at 50 minutes, but I do wanna get to some of these questions. Oh my gosh, the Officer Tatum is here. He says, Candace is the goat that is my brother. I absolutely love, obviously Brandon Tatum. I love Corin Tatum. So thank you guys so much for donating just now to the show That could, you could have just gotten a whole year subscription to can to Candace Owens dot com.


Beans writes, Candace spilling the tea all over the place. Thank you. Thank you for supporting the show. Kim t writes, I love your straightforward telling it how it is, commentary. You're the best. I get a good laugh listening to you. Thank you. I genuinely am just so happy. Like, I'm happy to be free, I'm happy to be independent and I'm just happy that more people are getting to hear me and not believe all of the ti horrible things. I feel like the media said about me for years. It feels like we've now gotten to a place where people know that it's not true. Alex Needham asks, I didn't know I needed this interview, but I did need it. See, I knew you guys needed it. We needed the Nigerian brothers. They are just gems. I love them. And By the way, they never lied to the police. They, for them it really wasn't acting good. They got cast as two white racist men in the middle of a Chicago vortex that was real.


They were happy about being cast for $3,500. And they said, you know, Jesse wrote them a check. And when we were offline, they said they don't accept checks anymore. So if I do book them, I'm going to have to pay them cash. I assume they're done with the business of, of putting things in writing. So when I ha execute my hate crime against myself, I'll keep you guys posted. Mud rights, Blake and Ryan are visible farts. Okay, mud, thank you for that. Thank you very much for that. Eerie says, Candace always pulls up with the smoke and receipts. Yes. Like I said, my investment in this, it's to me, it's not a Hollywood story. It is a me too story. It is a political movement that got hijacked by women that understood they could easily take down men who would not be able to defend themselves against toxic femininity.


And I have three sons and So I am this, I am gonna see this through until the very end. Like I said, me and Savannah will be at the courthouse. We will be dressed ready to go sunglasses at the courthouse. I I deserve a seat in there and I hope that you guys will, will encourage them to give me a seat in there. Justin Baldwin's legal team, because I'm sure they're watching this too. They don't even know any of this. They're watching this finding stuff out. Justin bald team is like, what? This is crazy. We gotta subpoena Taylor Swift. Yeah, you do. You have to subpoena her. Bell Eve writes, T Swift Easter eggs are strategically planned for months and years. Nothing seems out of her control for a beneficial narrative or profit either. There's more to the plan or this is the implosion of it. Yeah, I, I just have a lot of questions. She just was hanging out with them a lot during that time and involved in the movies and you know, and I just know how friends are when girls chat.


I don't think she just walked in there and said, Hey, I love her script changes. That doesn't sound right to me. So backing away from it now feels a little shady. I'm not saying I'm blaming Taylor Swift for everything. I'm just saying that I don't buy that she didn't know he was gonna be there, or you either read the script or you didn't. But I do probably buy that. She was a little embarrassed about that text message referring to her as a dragon because it is bullying and she has very carefully crafted people, her brand, and making people believe that she doesn't engage in that. But I actually think she does, you know, a lot. And people can't defend themselves against whatever narrative she puts out with her Easter eggs. I think men are scared to stand up and say, that actually didn't happen. Fadi Reiki writes Candace big virtual hug from your number one Syrian Arab Muslim fan who happens to be a homo but not fake or gay.


I'm glad that you're not fake or gay. That's amazing. I pray for you and your family's safety and prosperity. Keep doing God's work. Waking up every day at 1:00 AM to watch your show from Dubai. God bless. And yes, even as a Muslim, Jesus is king. I love that. I really wanna go see Dubai and that's like on me and my husband's lift, but I can't list, but I can't stop being pregnant. I don't know. It's, it's like, it's like a disorder or something. I gotta, I really gotta talk to a doctor, see a doctor about this. South Pole writes, this is a two-part comment, a super chat. Candace May, maybe this is a little crazy to ask, but we have a red pill friend and content creator named Adam Francisco. He does not have a large following on YouTube, but he has been a staunch supporter of Trump and a and the conservative movement.


He has been in need of a kidney donor for a while and has been posting the last couple of weeks that he's in dire need of a transplant and is asking his limited supporters if they can or if they know anyone who can help. Well, we have just now broadcast that to at least a million people who will see it. So Adam Francisco is his name. He did not include his handle here. Content creator. You never know. Sometimes somebody sees something and the next thing you know, he gets a new transplant. At the very least, people can keep Adam Francisco in his prayers. All Right guys, we will stay on the hunch. Like I said, we don't know if we're gonna be back tomorrow. I, I, I wanna come back So I have to show you that metadata thing and there's some other stuff going on that I haven't talked to you about, but I also have to work on this Macron piece so it's crazy right now. But keep emailing us stuff to info at Candace Owens dot com and please, we worked so hard on this website, the, If you are watching this right now, a 72,000 of you are, please just at least go visit Candace Owens dot com and you know, we just, it was a major, major investment and again, thank you guys for allowing us the ability to make that investment in what we believe to be us just trying to get the truth out without the restrictions of social media.


So I love you guys so much. I'm glad you enjoyed the Nigerian Brothers and we will see you maybe tomorrow.