
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


All Right guys, Happy Monday. And well, ladies and gents. I will say It is not my style, but I have been keeping a major secret from you all. And I was admittedly bursting at the seams because It is without question the craziest thing that has ever happened to me in my entire life. Certainly, at least in my political life, bar none. So in case you were having an uneventful Monday, Welcome back to Candace. Just have to say, it's remarkable that so many people in the chat think that my secret is that I'm pregnant again.


That that is something that I would tease as unbelievable surprise. That actually would be the least surprising thing ever. But that is not the case. It's actually much crazier. And like I said, I've been holding onto this for a very long time because something happened all the way back in February and I was sworn to secret secrecy temporarily. And I feel that today is the correct day to inform audiences because it may have some severe global implications. So here is what happened. All right? The date was Monday, February 24th, and in the early evening I had just kind of wrapped the show. It was just after 5:30 PM to be precise. I received a very strange message from a friend of mine.


I'm not gonna identify that friend, but the message specifically read, Hey, I have something to tell you from the White House. They asked me to call you. I'm just the messenger here. Again, strange, I'm just the messenger here, like kind of removing themselves from whatever was going to be said. So I assume it's gotta be something weird. And I say, yeah, whatever. Gimme a call. And so he does call me pretty immediately, by the way. And he says, somebody very high up at the White House has asked me to ask you if as a favor you could stop speaking about Bridgette Macron.


Like what? Excuse me. I'm not kidding when I say that in the myriad of possibilities that were floating through my brain about what this phone call was going to be about, that was not one of them. So I'm just kind of having to redirect and I am going, oh, what are you talking about? To be clear, we had, ironically, as a podcast, we had just ended our Burjeet Macron series four days earlier on February 20th. That's when we released the last episode, which was the epilogue. So I'm going, that doesn't make sense. Why am I getting this phone call now? And obviously I ask for a little more information. I say who, who specifically called you? And that friend of mine says it's somebody that has the president's ear.


This is somebody important. So I'm thinking, okay, this is Visor, Susie Wiles, I don't know. And I tell my friend, go back to that person and just say, I said, no, it's free speech. This is obviously an important story to me. The implications here are pretty severe about what I've uncovered. So no deal hang up. I go into my husband's office and I tell him what just happened. And honestly, I'm kind of laughing at the absurdity of it 'cause I hadn't thought beyond what may have happened. And then I do what I always do just in case I call Noah, I called a lawyer and I'm like, Hey, I know Macron's, you know, sending us legal letters.


Just want you to add this onto the pile that somebody at the White House is asking me to just stop speaking about Bridgette Macron. Cool. We kinda have a laugh about it, run it different ways. Are we gonna expect something else to be delivered to my door? Another threat, implicit threat from the Macrons. Somebody calling in a favor, who knows, whatever. Anyways, we do dinner and I am kind of feeling bad about my pregnant attitude on the phone call, you know, 'cause I was what, eight weeks away from birth and I was a bit shorter on the phone than I would have been if there wasn't like a, a growing infant foot that's lodged under my lung. And this person has been very good to me in the past.


And So I resolve that before I go to bed. I'll phone him back and have a much more calm conversation. Not that I was rude, but just like, Hey, what's this actually about? And So I did. I did. And not only that before I, I called this individual back. When I checked online, I realized that Emmanuel Macron is in Washington DC February 24th, he's in Washington DC and he had departed the White House just hours before I received the call. Anyways, I am in awe. A lot of thoughts are running through my mind. What is, what could this possibly be about? And when I call that person back, they tell me something that is even stranger.


They say, look, I am, I again am the messenger here. What I was told from somebody that's pretty high up at the White House is that Emmanuel Macron is holding up negotiations to end the Russian and Ukrainian war. Unless you stop speaking about his wife. I'm just going, what? What are, what are you saying? What, what, what are we even speaking about? What do you mean negotiations between Russia and Ukraine? I'm just like, you know, looking into a story at my house.


We got a very small team here, and you're telling me that somehow negotiations are being held up and that it needs to be communicated to me. They gotta stop talking about Jit. What are we saying? And then I'm asking myself in my mind, 'cause I hang up this phone, I'm, I am in true shock. Did Emmanuel Macron pretend to fly into DC under the guise of negotiations, the Russia, Ukraine war, and then instruct someone on his entourage to have an off the books discussion? A a little meeting on the side, maybe somebody again like a, like a Susie Wiles where he made his truer demands like, Hey, this is for the pictures me and Trump we're talking about. You we're gonna get it done. And then what really goes on behind the scenes is like, we're not doing anything until that little podcast her Candace agrees to shut her mouth.


What? This is crazy. This is absolutely insane. Okay, So I say we ended the conversation. I say, I'm gonna sleep on this. It's a lot to process. I remember I get to bed and I just turn to my husband and I say, no one will ever believe us. Just something that just arrived at me very. So I said, no one will ever believe that this just took place. And my husband's like, yeah, no, this is just very, very strange. And I promised the individual that I would prey on it, that I would think further about the situation. What are the implications here? And I then call him back the next day and I say, look, this is pretty weird.


You have to admit this is pretty weird and you're not really giving me any details. And I kind of wanna know who specifically you spoke to because I think it kind of matters. Is somebody trying to do a side deal while Trump is doing a different deal at that moment? He's honest and he says, no tr President Trump was on the phone too. And I go, oh, are you kidding me? You didn't tell me this yesterday that there was some sort of a conference call and President Trump is on the line. You didn't mention. I went, did you lie to me yesterday? Were you trying to pretend that it was like a third party person? And he says, no, no, no, I didn't lie to you. Didn didn't lie to you. Like I got a phone call and I obviously in the background, Trump communicated something to me. So he was there when the phone call took place and I'm going, what the heck is going on?


Literally, what is happening right now? So I got the phone with him and I used to say, I just need time to process what you're saying. This is so absurd. How could this become an issue that is involving the president of the United States? I'm doing a series on my podcast and then I just kind of get into mommy mode because it's, it's, it's Tuesday. My daughter's got ballet, I am at ballet with my daughter. And I get a text message from that person that says, you need to pick up the phone. Somebody from the White House is calling you. And I say, okay, it happened so quickly. I pick up the phone and sure enough, It is somebody at the White House that is calling me. It's not Donald Trump, but it's somebody at the White House that is calling me. That's pretty high up close proximity to Trump. I'm not going to name.


And this person just, I assume, has never even watched one minute of my content. Because I mean, if there were a guide to how not to approach Candace Owens when you were trying to get something done, he was just following this guide. If the it, he could not have been more pompous and more arrogant on the phone. And I would like to contextualize that I'm like pretty heavily pregnant So I could, you know, my, my, my bandwidth for BS or anybody trying to like, well, you know, it was very low. And he essentially says, look, you should do it because it's the president and he is asking you to do it.


What else do you want me to say? Just do it. Just stop talking about Jit Macron astounding reflecting on that level of arrogance because he told you to do it. It's an order so you should do it. And I, all I was thinking in my mind before I flew into, you know, a little rage was that expression, proximity to power can lead others to diluting that they wield it. You're close to power. You think you're now Trump, you're calling me. Even If you were Trump, this wouldn't be the way to speak to me. And you're calling me like, that's an order from the President of the United States. So you just do it. No questions asked. Don't even think about freedom of speech. Who cares about that pesky little first amendment? You gotta just do it now. And I just basically say, look, my daughter's crying 'cause she doesn't like when I step out of ballet, even though she can see me, she's, please mommy come back in.


You're speaking to me in inappropriately. And I just say, I don't really care what you, I don't know who you think you're speaking to. This is not how you're gonna get anything done with me. And I just hang up the phone. I'm like, this is just not a good conversation. I just, I don't, I I don't wanna be part of this anymore. Goodbye. I I don't like that at all. And the third party person who had initially told about the situation is trying to calm down and he calls behind, he's like, no, you know, I don't know why you're spoken to like that. And like, you know, this is still really important and you know, this really matters to the president. And he's kind of trying to talk me off the pregnancy cliff. And I'm still calm enough that I know that pregnant Candace is not always the most rational Candace and a little bit of a hothead.


And I resolve as I'm speaking to this situation with my husband that I should also reach out and maybe call someone who's potentially been in a predicament like this. I don't know someone who's got a larger audience than me and kind of call in a favor. So I don't normally text him, but I, I did reach out to Tucker Carlson and I just kind of told him the situation and was like, look, this is really weird. No, I don't normally contact you for advice, but I could really use some advice right now because you know, how much free speech matters to me. And basically how important this particular story is to me because it involves, you know, potentially not just potentially like pedophilia, incest, all of these elements.


And as a mother, the idea that people this powerful, that the story could be covered is it matters like this. Actually the truth just matters at the end of the day. But also, like, if I could end the Ukrainian and Russia Russian War and by just stopping this conversation, I would do it. And he comes back with just very sage Tucker Carlson advice. And he says, look, you know, you don't want to have the bloodshed of Christians on your conscience, but also free speech does matter. And you should essentially say you'll do it until, like you're saying this negotiations are happening now, and you'll agree to do that, but at some point, obviously you need to inform people about what happened because this is, this is totally crazy.


And I say, that's actually a very good idea. That's, that's a, I feel like that's a very principled position to take. Anyways, I sleep on that. Anger is subsiding. Wake up the next morning, it's February 26th, and I am sitting in the makeup chair and I get another message that's like, Hey, keep your phone on. And I'm going, I really don't wanna speak to this advisor anymore. I really don't. But our personalities are not meshing. And anyways, this phone call is coming from Florida. Pick up the phone. And lo and behold, you know, so here's what happened. I, I, I'm, I'm, I'm negotiating this thing.


I'm negotiating Ukraine and Russia and you wouldn't believe how many, how many parts are part, It is President Donald J. Trump, he is calling me. And in true President Trump fashion, he jumps right into the narrative. We're not, Hey, how you doing? He just like jumps right into the narrative of exactly how this went down. I am literally, I, It is hard to catch my breath to comprehend. At four days ago, I'm ending a series about Bridgette Macron and for, and, and, and now I'm speaking to the president of the United States and the topic of conversation, no matter which way you wanna slice it, it's about macron's wife's penis. I mean, there's no other way to say it, right? And so he, he just jumped, jumps right into the narrative. He's like, you know, I'm negotiating.


You wouldn't believe how many pieces this person watched, this person, if this person watched this. And yeah, you have no idea how much is involved when you're trying to get one of these deals done. You know? Anyways, I have Aron, I like Macron. We're speaking at the White House and, and I'm walking him to his car and you know, he says to me, Mr. President, can I speak to you for a second? I say, of course you can speak to me about anything, what's going on? And he tells me that there's, there's secret service all around them. There's SUVs, they're encircled and he wants to have, and McKern wants to have a little sidebar. And then Mccn says to him, Mr. President, do you know Candace Owens? And I say, yes, yes, of course I know Candace Owens, what's going on?


And then the president says, he says to you, you must be a very powerful person, Candace, we're talking about the president of France, taking me aside to talk about your podcast, I think continues his narrative. And he tells me that Emmanuel Macron is requesting to his face that I stop speaking about his wife. And one of the things Trump said is like, you know, he tells me, you know, she's old and this is really, really impacting her. And I'm listening, I'm listening. And he's, you know, in one of his, he's one of Trump monologues, he's very funny. And then he said, you know, I saw her, you know, can I, I saw her up close and she looks like a woman to me.


She looks like a woman to me. I, I had dinner with her at the top of the Eiffel Tower. And I say at this point, yeah, yeah, but I found her plastic surgeon who specializes in transgenderism. And I just tell him, I just start like, we're talking like friends. I just tell him, yeah, no, you know, she's a tranny. And I explain to him that she has had this amazing doctor who specializes in transgenderism surgeries or, or feminization procedures. I'm, I'm talking to the president of the United States about this, guys, This is crazy. This is wacky, but I'm just giving it as good as I get. I'm just telling, trying to get him to understand the truth. And then I explained to him why I don't feel so great about this request, because that's the more important part.


Like you are requesting that I really, and despite your reasoning, which is very sound that I, that I stop telling the truth. And I said to Trump, and I will be honest, that at that moment I realized that one day this is gonna go into my autobiography. And So I gotta say something funny. And I just said, I said to him, you know, respectfully, Mr. President, it's not my fault that he married someone with a penis. He then tells me, we're really close to getting this thing done. We're really close to getting this thing done. He tells me again, MCC Crohn's been really good to me, you know, he's been very easy to work with with us. He's been a good person. He just wants me to get this one thing done. And he throws in the art of the deal type stuff.


He starts complimenting me. He said, Melania loves you. She says, you're so beautiful. She thinks you're so beautiful. I said, thank you Mr. President, thank you Mr. President, you know, compliments will get you everywhere in life as my mentality here. And then I say to him, what I've agreed to already in the back of my head, I say, look, I I, I'm, I'm happy to do this for the short. Obviously I don't want to have on my conscience that less Christian men could have died in the East if I just shut up about something. But I'm very clear to him that this is, this is gonna be short term and that I expect, fully expect that in a few months I will be able to speak about this. And this is the point of the conversation where it actually gets quite interesting because he says yes and then, and I am now adding to you how, what I sensed like he was about to commit to that.


But then it felt to me like someone in the background was like, no, we need this conversation to stop altogether. And then he doesn't say no or yes, but he just says, you know, that he really needs to work with Macron long term and they have this long working relationship. And I'm, I was very clear, this is not long term for me. Like you're, if you're close to this deal, ink it, let's get it done. And then he sort of offers at the end he says, Hey, maybe I can come on your podcast one day. I'm great for ratings. You're so Trumpian to give yourself a compliment. So I gave him the Trump right back and I say, respectfully, Mr. President, I'm apparently good for ratings too because you've got, you've got a leader of a country, the president of the country asking you to ask me to do a favor.


So let me end the conversation and I am just reeling, I can't believe it's even happened. I then go and I immediately tell my husband and I write down the details of the conversation that I wouldn't forget the conversation that we were having. And of course, the first thing that I wanna say principally is that Emmanuel Macron must step, step down, okay? Because if that is true, and I will say that did not come from Trump. He did not say specifically he's holding up negotiations for this. But he did say specifically that they were talking about the Ukraine and Russia war all day. And he's just trying to make it all happen. And that is when Macron took him to the side. So I, I kind of trust the information who came from that third party person that what he was being told was that he was holding this up, right?


Like Macron's holding this up, a contingency here on whether or not he's gonna agree to this sort of international deal is whether or not Canis owns stop speaking about his wife yet you gotta step down, okay? Because there is no greater example of just the lack of morality that a leader can have than his husband wife putting him on a plane and sending him, sending him overseas to make Candace Owens stop speaking about their relationship. That is like, we really all should just take a deep breath here, take a step back and recognize that he is willing to let bloodshed, he's willing to let people die.


Okay? And a holdup here is gonna be whether or not Candace Owens stopped speaking about his wife's penis. That's ridiculous. You are not qualified to hold office. I thought that before all of this, just looking into your background, I know you're a fraud, you know you're a fraud. Your wife certainly knows that you are a fraud. But this is reaching levels where I that you just have to be impeached. That's absurd. You just, that, that is like, let's get the impeachment trials going. And in my head I'm thinking to Trump actually, If you wanted to really negotiate, you could have said to him, how about I go live and tell all those reporters what you just said If you don't sign this document? That's how I would've played it. But you know, I was like seven months pregnant.


I was, I I would've played hardball. I don't need, I don't need to have friends when we're talking about ending bloodshed. But the second thing that I wanna say here is that has occurred to me over time that this is a about much more than the Ukrainian Russian war, right? That is not why his Mr. Macron put him on a plane to go speak to Trump in person about this issue, right? They did that because they are terrified. They're terrified because obviously everything I've uncovered is true fiction would not make you do that. Okay? You'd go, this is so absurd.


It's so crazy. I mean, who's gonna believe that fiction does not make you fly nine hours to the United States to ask the president if he has a moment to step aside out of the shot of cameras and speak about your wife, right? That's, we can now It is confirmed. Fact put it on Wikipedia that Brigitte Macron was born Jean-Michel tro. No, we can just go ahead and do that. Right? But what did I hit at that has them really terrified? What was the success of that series? Looking into a web and understanding how deeply sinister whatever It is that is happening in Paris is looking into not just the current events but the historical events.


I mean we put up a map and showed just how often they were involved in these pedophilic scandals. Silly ones putting the book for your Andre Gee and admitted Petras, a guy who outwardly said Yes, I I like young boys. And you choose that to be the book in your official portrait as the president of France. Emmanuel Macron did that. And I think there's more, I think there's more that they are afraid of. I think that it was a very powerful person, potentially someone more powerful than Brigitte who told Macron who was just a total fraud, a puppet who get on that plane and make this request after they realized that sending legal letters wasn't the best idea.


So what else is it that I've potentially uncovered about France? How does this relate to the United States? I'm gonna tell you in just a second before I'm gonna throw it to some of our sponsors.


Let's speak about PreBorn because June 24th March, three years since Roe v Wade was overturned. And the hard truth is that abortion has not gone away. It's gotten worse. Abortions are at a 10 year high because the fight has moved from the courtroom to a place that's way more dangerous. Our homes today, more than 60% of abortions happen through a pill that is taken alone in fear without any support. What happens next is pretty horrifying. Women are delivering their babies fully formed into toilets, onto bathroom floors. These babies, they realize in that moment are not just tissue, they're human beings. And now those human beings are gone. And we should all be honest, irrespective of where you fall on the political spectrum, that is not healthcare, that's trauma. 11% of women who take the abortion pill face serious complications and many will carry emotional scars for the rest of their lives. That's why I support pre PreBorn. They are stepping in where our culture is failing, given women the truth. Real practical financial support and a chance to choose life. PreBorn has already saved over 350,000 babies, but they can't do it without us. And the need has never been greater. For just $28, you can double the chance that a mom chooses life for her baby and for herself. So If you like to donate now, you can head to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Then there's Brick House Nutrition tell you about them 'cause their July 4th sale is on. And for a limited time you can save 25% off everything with Code Fireworks 25. That includes my favorite product, the Field of Greens. All the fruits and vegetables were doctors selected for a specific health benefit field of greens is perfect for heart health, lungs, kidney metabolism, and even for maintaining a healthy weight, one drink a day is all it takes. You'll look and feel healthier and have more energy. Field of greens promises your doctor will notice your improved health or your money back. Everything from Brick House Nutrition is incredible. Listeners rave about their collagen peptides and beauty experts swear that collagen is the fountain of youth for your skin and hair. So now is the perfect time to get stocked up on their incredible supplements. Just head to brick house nutrition.com and use Code Fireworks 25 for 25% off this sale's only on for a few days. And I know that their products do sell out fast. So head to brickhouse nutrition.com and you can use Code Fireworks 25. Again, that's brickhouse nutrition.com.


All right you guys, here's where I'm gonna pull it all together for you. 'cause we all know here's the reality. The greatest trick devil ever played was making the world believe that he didn't exist. Okay? And I have this thing, call it my toxic trait when the media takes me out of context and then just tells these sort of unbelievable lies about me and my perspectives. I never get discouraged. I just get interested. That's my toxic trait I get. Like you can try to offend me, but I just get interested, especially when they're just being way too over the top. You know, like Holocaust and I, whatever It is. If you're just being way too crazy, like self hating black woman, I'm like, what are you hiding?


Like you're obviously hiding something because you're way too triggered by what is likely. And listeners to the show now know just a simple fact that I've delivered. And I'll give you an example of that and I'll tell you how it relates to France and it relates to America. So back actually when I was at the Daily Wire, I did this episode and I was so interested in Sigmund Freud, right? Realizing that Stu was a total perf, I mean just a total perf. And I gave examples of his like people that were surrounding him, that were pervs people that had been molesting their children a lot too many of his friends had been molesting their children. And the reaction the media was to call me unhinged and crazy and to defend Sigmund Freud as if he wasn't the guy who's writing all of these theories saying that like children are sexual and are just attracted to their parents.


I mean like totally weird. Like I'm not unhinged, he was unhinged obviously. And but them calling me that made me more interested. I'm going, why are you like def so committed to defending this dead guy and attacking me? So I'm gonna actually learn about Sigmund Freud. Okay? So I order a book and this is a book that was written by, you've heard me mention this before by David Bacan and it's called Sigmund Freud and the Jewish Mystical Tradition. And essentially this guy deposits in this book and then he's able to verify what initially was his theory in the updated edition. He's able to confirm his theory was correct, that Sigmund Freud actually created the psychoanalyst movement to mainstream his religion. That actually he was practicing the Kabbalah.


And If you look at the psychoanalysts early movement, as he does a very good job of assessing, you will recognize that they are mainstreaming the Kabbalah. Okay? So I'm learning about Sigman Freud and I happen upon this book. And I'm not just learning about Sigmund Freud, I'm learning about a piece of history that I've never heard about in my entire life. And it concerns this guy Jacob Frank, okay this, this man who caused a schism. We always talk about like Christian schisms and oh you know, and actually every faith has this, obviously Sunni the Shiites. But we never have really heard, or at least I hadn't heard about this huge schism that took place a amongst people that were Jewish.


That there was this huge schism. And it talks about how this guy who thought that he was the Messiah, okay, got into some really perverted things. And I'm just gonna just read you this and I promise you this is so important. I think this is really what it's all about. Okay, in this chapter, which is entitled the Frankest episode, I'll read you a couple of things. It tells us that this guy, Jacob Frank, was born in 1726 in Coral laka on the frontiers of Padia and Makia. It tells us that his father was a sabian who had been expelled from the Jewish community. So again, getting back to this, this fracture that happened and essentially people that felt that the old Torah law had been fulfilled and that new Messiahs were coming.


And one such Messiah was this Jacob Frank. It goes on to say the tales which have come down to us indicate that he was what we would today call a psychopathic personality. A person without any strong super ego formation. In his new Sabaan doctrine, he asserted the idea of the Holy Trinity. He distinguished himself between God as having become incarnate. And he assigned the role of Messiah to himself. It says, quote, the idea of a male female. God became the occasion for sexual religious practices. The law he declared was dead.


The yoke of the old Torah had been broken. I'm gonna read that again. The idea of a male female God became the occasion for sexual religious practices. Okay? And so he would have these, these sexual parties, the only way to describe it where they would just do incredibly disgusting things. We'll get more into that later. He then begins to quote this Israeli historian who did a lot of research. I've read his books. His name is Ham Schlom. And he explains that this religion believed, quote the mystic does not even recoil before the inference. That in a higher sense there is a root of evil.


Even in God, the doctrine of E of evil was given support by the thesis that the holy sparks had been scattered and it was necessary for men to hand themselves into sin in order to regather them. The idea of the holy sin became prominent through sin. Salvation would come from the great sinning, would emerge a world in which there would no longer be sin. This is starting to sound a lot to me like Schofield Bible principles and like this whole idea of the rapture. But anyways, he goes on, Frank had declared quote, I have come to rid of the world of all the laws and the statutes which have been in existence hither two, another person explained the sign of thought, writes the conception of the Messiah as he who must enter completely into the clipper, the demonic power of the shells that he may liberates the holiness that is held there.


And in doing thus fulfills the purpose of the exile of Israel and redeems Israel and the world in one. But even that is not enough. The holy sin becomes a pattern pattern. Men must hurl themselves into sin in order to tear from it to the holy sparks. And soon there is no sin any longer. And then he goes on to speak about how sexuality like sex stuff is it. It hinges upon the, the sort of sexual parties. He writes sexuality as the locust for the expression of personal freedom has of course deep roots in the zohar. The sexual metaphor is used very freely. The Orthodox tradition sharply restricted sexual expression, perhaps as has been suggested by some writers.


It tells us that the movement grew into a violent political threat to the orthodoxy. Theocracy and measures and countermeasures were taken, the frankest were placed under excommunication. And the frankest replied by an attack upon the tall arguing that it was. And the Frankest even charged at the Talmud made use of Christian blood obligatory. And they lent testimony that the Jews were engaging in ritual murder. The climax of Frank's career came when he and all of his followers were converted to Catholicism with great po and ceremony. The members of the Polish nobility acted as sponsors and the newly baptized Jews assumed their family names, numbers of them thus came into Polish nobility.


Jacob Frank himself had King Augustus III as his godfather and became a Catholic in the presence of the royal family and the court dignitaries in November of 1759, less than 100 years after the apostasy of sabotage Ev and less than 100 years before the birth of Sigmund Freud. Now lemme tell you why I'm telling you this. So I understood in that someone who's thinking about becoming a Catholic as I was is learning that whoa, okay, wait a second. I learned more about Jacob Frank. I realized that they believed that you had to practice incest as a sacrament. They believed that they basically just had to keep intermarrying one another and that they would achieve power.


They believed in the cult of military, essentially, like I said, going deeper into sin, the greatest sin that you could commit. 'cause he said, I'll bring you down into the depths, would be this act of pedophilia that they were having these rituals. I learned he entered the Catholic church. So I'm not just gonna end with that book. I need to learn everything I can about this guy, right? Because what's going on here? And the more I learned about him, I was positively astounded that they practiced also apostasy. So they believed that the way to take down your enemies was to convert into their faiths. You wanted to take down Christianity, you had to become a Christian. And then from within you could break down the church. Think about what the world was.


You know, the empires were Christian at this time and they did this as followers did this. They mass converted multiple times. We then learned that Frankism convert earlier in that earlier episode. He becomes Muslim, the sabaan became Muslim. So there is, but they're all the same family, which is crazy. And so in trying to learn more about Jacob Frank and I'm buying all these books and I'm, I'm going, is this cult still alive today? Is this really over? Because suddenly I talk about it on a podcast and I've got all of these organizations screaming at me going, this is a fringe cult. It's over. This isn't happening anymore. It's irrelevant. Oh, but they lied.


Of course they lied 'cause we freak out about something you shouldn't freak out about. This was a really a fringe cult. And it's so over. Why do you care? Like why do you care if we're talking about something that's over? You know, oh, it doesn't matter. It's irrelevant. And let me tell you guys, what I discovered right away was not only was this cult not over, but that it made it here to the United States. And we kind of like elected a supreme court justice that believed in this. Like that Louis Brandis came from a family of frankest. See, Jacob Frank had sexual relations with his daughter. They believed in incest, they believed in breeding. You had to constantly have tons of children. And she became, because they were trying to kind of put the Catholic tradition on its head, they turned her into sort of like the unholy Mary.


I know that's, I feel blasphemous even saying that. But this is the reality of what these people believed in. And I'm just showing you this article which explicitly says that we know. Can you pull up this, this JSOR article Skylar, just so we can pull this up here. Yeah. Meet Ava Frank, the first Jewish female Messiah. I wanna show you this last sentence here. This is crazy mattels that at the very end of that paragraph, here we go. So we don't have to even buy it. Like there we go. So it says, we know that US Supreme Court justice Louis Brandes had such, had such a portrait speaking about Ava. Ava Frank given to him by his mother, descended from a prominent line of Jews who continued to revere Ava. Frank and I looked into it and she carried on for her father.


Her father became a baron. Jacob Frank became a baron, like Baron Frank who had a castle in Offenbach Germany that they, these rituals were happening and one of the things that they concerned themselves with was chemistry. A starting like pharmaceuticals, right? And you go, what the heck is going on here? And then Ava Frank, before she died, wrote these red letters and told all of her followers like, If you believe in this frankest, we're this, this frankest cult, then you need to apostatize again, like convert into various Protestant faiths, Christian faiths, and hide yourselves.


These were called red letters that she sent to all of her faithful followers. But you're never gonna guess French people that are watching this. Because everywhere I look, I'm starting to try to chase this like frankest movement. Where is It? Is tentacles are everywhere. Then I buy a book from Gersh Shalom that a Israeli historian, and this book is called From Frankism to Jainism. Oh, oh, like you're, you're talking like the Jacobins, like the French Revolution, which was started. And lo and behold I learned that one of the people that funded this movement in a very big way, and you may have heard his name Julius Fray, that was his French name.


Because part of this movement, they believed, again, apostasy take on a different character. It's like theater become someone else, be convincing about who you are and will take over the world. And Julius Frey, actually his real name when he was born was Moses Deka. He was the cousin of Jacob Frank. And he learned French, went down into Strassburg and began funding people who rented a house actually and began funding, people writing, publishing about this revolution that needed to happen fostering the revolutionary spirit. Can you pull up Moses de Broca's Wikipedia because this is, this is really truly incredible.


It tells you Moses de Brusca alias jus fray. He was a writer, a poet, and a revolutionary he converted from Judaism to the Catholic faith. He took the name first Franz Thomas Schoenfeld. So he Apo once became Franz Thomas Schoenfeld then did it again after he was elevated to the nobility in Vienna. A lot of them were in Vienna. This book kinda makes that clear. Then became Franz Thomas ler v Schenfeld, then he became Genus Fre. You can see that in 1792 in the wake of the French Revolution, he traveled to Strassburg to Paris and became a Jacobin changing his name once again.


Genus Frey, the new name derived from genus from the Roman Junie family that fostered the famous tyrant slayer. Brutus. I am telling you guys, when you start looking into this and you realize that these people had a plot to crush empires and they just converted and because then people don't know what's happening, then wow, you're in the Catholic church, you're going, what are these ped something pedophile scales. What's happening? What genius? And at the same time you're just interm marrying within your own family. And they had faithful followers. It is one of the things that has really blown my mind because we know that this sort of modern over sexualized culture, whenever you speak to academics about it, they're like, well, it began in French, right?


The French revolution was sexual. And then I learned this and I realized that there is a theology to this, that people actually believe in this. And the fact that you are not allowed to speak about this without reporters coming to attack you should concern you that tells you something's not dead right? Something is not dead If you can't talk about it. And no one would care. Like I said, If you talk about weird things that took place in history, it's just interesting. But you have all of these writers trying to protect this little piece of history. And we learned that these people became very involved with public. They knew that they had to control publishing houses, they created the music. There was so much writing.


And It is interesting when you recognize that it made it all the way to America. Lyndon Ba Johnson was very, By the way, very, very, very obsessed with a couple of weird things that happened into America. We should probably get into that on my book club because I don't wanna get like banned for speaking about that. Ooh, someone's calling me. I hope it's not the White House. It's not. We're good. And it's been, it's been interesting. It's been interesting to also recognize that a lot of this history is just being hidden from us. And I, when I think about us barreling toward this AI destination, which I think is happening right now, and children, so many of them who can't even read, who don't have the attention span to be able to read, who are asking AI questions and thinking that they're getting the true answers.


I can just imagine a time where they just rinse the internet of all of this stuff. Or people are no longer able to read books or don't want to read books, whatever It is. And they don't know this history. It's why I started my book club because I was just amazed at how much happened that I don't know about. And I realized how much power we give the school system, the public school system, the publishing houses, to tell us what we need to know. That's it. Oh, the French Revolution. Don't look at beyond that. It's just, you know, some frisky French people and here's what happened and, and that's it. No, but everything, as my husband told me when I asked him why he decided to master in theology, like why were you so driven toward theology when you went to university?


And he says, because everything is theology. Everything's a faith. Faith is what guides people, right? When you think about Sigmund Freud turning his faith into something modern, right? Making you not even believe it's a faith that it's a psychoanalytic movement. Oh no, that's not a faith. So this book at least spells out pretty clearly with a lot of evidence. Yeah. That they could baptize you into their faith and you don't even realize it. And we're learning about this sort of mixture of the, the male and the female. That's what he believed in. And suddenly we're looking up and you've got all of these psychiatrists who are telling us that no, like transgenderism is totally a thing. I find that to be interesting, at least compelling, something that we can talk about.


Like that's interesting, very interesting. And now we have in Paris, JIT Macron. And rather than the publications being interested in that, they block it. They say, oh no, that's a crazy cons. We could not have produced more evidence. They's something is not right there and they will not even look at it. What does that tell you? Who is in power? Who are these people that are in power? I'll tell you one thing. They are people that understand the threats of anybody learning that this could potentially be a theology that is operating in plain sight.


And like I said, it's the, I think in my book club last week, I said, are we the muggles, you know, to use a Harry Potter expression here. Like are we the muggles? We have been led to believe that we're atheist, right? And I'm kind of going back to the, the old we like, oh, atheism like your, your grandparents were crazy to believe in, believe in the Lord. And oh my gosh, no, this is the new age. You're smarter. It's all about the self, what you can do. You're an atheist. There's such thing as an atheist, there's such thing as an atheist. You believe in something and if somebody has turned you into a muggle, while they very much believe God is real because they created a whole doctrine and a philosophy that they are following, trying to convince us that they are the gods, right?


That they can turn society into whatever it's that they want, keeping us blinded because we don't realize that this is a spiritual battle, but they know It is. And they're fighting for your spirit and they're winning. Yeah, pretty interesting stuff. Pretty interesting stuff. Anyways, I gave you a lot to consider here. People are obviously all over the world waking up and people are choosing goodness or they are choosing evil. And I will tell you that it feels almost like these events are being catalyzed. You're suddenly seeing people who you thought were real and honest and recognizing that they lie. Whether that's, whether that's a pastor, whether that's a political person that you follow, whether it's a, a newspaper organization that you're reading.


I hope the point of this podcast, If you take anything away from my podcast, it's that you need to constantly examine who you're listening to and read these books like educate yourself. And once you become educated, like I have said since the beginning of my career, an educated mind cannot be enslaved. And you'll start to previously examine your earlier enslavement. And yeah, I, I could say a lot, but I'd saved the rest of it for my book club because we're reading a a lot of this on my book club and we'll, we'll save it for there. By the way, If you wanna join the book club can sos.com, I see that they put a little prompt up. So yeah, the conversations get pretty spicy and we are definitely threading all of this together very slowly and it's, it's amazing and terrifying at the exact same time.


All Right guys, now I'm going to tell you before I get into your comments, I can't wait to see what you are thinking. Whoa, 77,000 of you watching live. This is incredible. It's gotta be some sort of a record close to it.


Wanna tell you quickly about Nimi Skincare the 4th of July weekend. It is about to get a whole lot better because Nimi Skincare just dropped their biggest sale of the year. You can get four 15% off everything at Nimi Skincare dot com, but only through the 4th of July weekend. So whether you're looking for refreshing cleaners, targeted serums, or hydrating moisturizers, Nimi has all that you need to glow from face to feet plus on orders of $120 or more, you'll get a free nature burst antioxidant mask. If you're tired of supporting beauty companies that hate your values, then Nimi is your answer. They're proudly American, conservative, owned and grounded in faith, family and freedom. As a mom, wife and someone who always is in the spotlight, I trust Nimi Skincare to keep my skin looking its best without compromising my values. Their products are packed with clinically proven ingredients and everything is made right here in the USA. So when you support Nimi, you are choosing to support your friends and neighbors. You are voting with your wallet and supporting the parallel economy. This Independence Day vote with your wallets, do not wait. This sale ends soon. Head over to Nimi Skincare dot com and use Code Freedom to save 15% on your entire order. That's Nimi Skincare dot com and use code freedom to save 15%.


Also remind you guys about American Financing because costs are rising on everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. If you're a homeowner, you maybe have thought, should I call American Financing to try to refinance and pay off this credit card debt And then maybe you second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you're currently enjoying. Well listen, that low rate actually means nothing if you're drowning in credit card interest rates that are 25% or more. I mean that's the math that no one wants to tell you, but It is costing you thousands. And here's the truth, if you're only making a minimum payment, that debt is going to follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing today because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. There's no upfront fees, there's no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could be saving every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So do not wait any longer. Call American Financing today. Number's (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing. Do net slash Owens.


Something that I forgot to add By the way, one more dot I wanna connect for you just So I can throw it all out here, is that Jacob Frank's mother's first, her name, her surname is Herchel, spelled H-I-R-S-C-H-L. And I was able to connect a dot that they are related to Theodore Herzl and I have that all in a file somewhere because this has been a a long effort to get books. Some books are not in print anymore. And what would that say if Theodore Herzl was from a Frankest family? I know there's some very strange things about what happens with his daughters and the only communication, this is very interesting, especially after you read this book that Sigmund Freud and Theodore Herzl, they didn't really know each other but clearly something happened and Sigmund Freud sent him his work, you know, cycle analysis If you will, sent him a book or a reference or whatever it was about, about the psychoanalytic movement and he sent it to him to help him deal with his daughter.


So I thought that was interesting. And then you learn that like his daughters committed suicide, Theodore hurt. So they say, oh it ta a terrible life. His daughters were just, you know, dealing with mental issues. And now that I know, I know about Sigman Freud, which is that he was covering for pedophilia and that when he learned that a bunch of the women had been assaulted by their parents, he then gaslit them. Like that's what he's famous for. He's famous for creating gaslighting like that really. Is it? I have questions about Theodore Herzl. I do. I'm just gonna put that out there and I'm not gonna put it out as fact. I'm gonna just send you down to do your own your own research and yeah, a murderous cult, they believed like you learned about what the Frankism believed and it was a military cult and they, they'd like, I don't like it.


I don't like that when I'm reading the theology, it sounds too much like when we get into people that believe that you have to kill, like what ha, what happens if a genocide is happening is totally fine because it's gonna bring in the Messiah when you go backwards and see where that came from, it gets pretty terrifying. Quick. Okay, that's all I'm gonna say about that. Before I read some of your comments, who do we have at first? We have Rose. She writes the White House has some nerve to interfere with free speech and journalism. Truth is always important no matter whose feelings get hurt. Yeah, so here's what I will say, and I'm gonna be pretty even here. If you're Trump and you really are trying to negotiate the end of this war and this guy throws it out there and you are not someone who listens to podcasts, like Trump was very clear on the phone that he didn't, he didn't even know what his, what was talking about.


He's like, what are you doing? Like what's happening that I have this president before me asking for you to shut up about his wife. Then he's going, okay, yeah, I know Candace, I'll call her and just ask her to stop talking about Rep. It's so silly, I don't get it. He didn't, he did not watch the series like Trump did not watch the becoming bruit series. So this was not a conscious like, let me shut down speech. It was kind of like, could you shut up for a little bit So I could try to get this done? Again, that's me being charitable. I, I do think that he was motivated by goodness when he put in this request. I don't think the people necessarily around him were motivated by goodness. I do think that there was people that were more powerful that want wanted this podcast to end and they thought that that would be a good way to kind of massage Trump into agreeing with that.


And I think that's been a lot by the way of this particular term, like going after free speech on college campuses. There are clearly people in his administration who would happily squash speech to, and I would say this particular administration is to defend the modern state of Israel and I'm not okay with that. I've been vocally against that, but I don't think Trump was motivated by anything nefarious. And I have pretty good vibes and I can send stuff and I hope I'm right about that. I think I am right about that. Jane Roberts writes, I called this my Amazon book review on PSA's book. I mentioned that I think Trump has been communicating with Candace about her investigation. You know, you've def, you're definitely on it. 'cause people on the chat were just like, she's pregnant again, which is really funny.


Dee writes, I love you Candace, moving to your beautiful state as of tomorrow. Please make them Macron reels stop their PR team is working overtime. Yeah, that's another thing that happened. So since that phone call with Trump, I then learned that the Emmanuel Macron circle, So I know If it was someone on JI'S team or someone on his team, they have separate teams was communicating with crisis PR firms in Los Angeles. And I was told that those crisis PR firms, one that they were working with that gave me the tip and told me this was trying to get content removed from TikTok because TikTok, as I have learned, have very strong rules against speaking about L-G-B-T-Q stuff.


And so they were very successful. They definitely got all of our videos taken down and since my phone call with Trump, we got three overnight strikes on our account. So we almost got banned from TikTok and that was put on a 90 day hold before those strikes were removed again, those were clips from my becoming JIT series. And so apparently protecting this kind of L-G-B-T-Q lifestyle is more important than free speech on TikTok and they basically abused that. I'm speaking of the Macron's abused that when they hired a crisis PR firm, By the way again, is what Canice said about his wife. True, of course it's true because you don't hire a United States based crisis PR team to deal with fiction.


I just would not, who would do this? You could say whatever you want about me. If you just were like Candace you totally. Candace lived as a man for 30 years. I'm like, ha ha, okay, print your book. Do whatever you need to do. 'cause it's insane. There's just so many photos of me growing up with my family and in every high school text, you know, high school yearbook and from elementary spanning upward. It's just a nonsense. That's not how they are behaving. They are threatened. Melissa DeLillo writes excellent journalism. I love that you did not forego our values and what is important to you. You manage this incredibly well. Thank you. Thank you. I really appreciate that. And it was tough, you know, and I'm, I'm definitely appreciative First and foremost to my husband, who always is the voice of reason at all times.


But then also to Tucker, because I don't, I know I don't have a relationship with Tucker Rob just text him every day and be like, Hey, what's for lunch? And I, I felt like he was the right person to speak to and I think he had a very sensible Christian approach to it. Jessica Summit writes off topic, but I just watched surrounded, what the heck? The majority didn't even let you speak. It was an outright attack. Yes, you will see that I am at nine months pregnant. Thought it was a great idea to go debate feminism with 20 radical feminists. And I will talk about that tomorrow because It is quite funny. But you are right. There was just, I think people just get triggered when they see my face. They're like, ah, attack. And so they didn't even wanna debate, they just wanted to kind of land some high school thises or whatever. Anyways, we'll get to that tomorrow.


Promise. Ghosty writes, the next time we see a show title like this, Candace is gonna say She's pregnant again. Okay, fair, fair. Maybe I am always pregnant. You want me to do, I'm Catholic now. I'm just saying the matter up to God. And he's just like, yes, always to me. He's like, yes, you should be pregnant again. Anyways, you guys, If you wanna support our work, I, you can head to the website Candace Owens dot com and support any capacity. The book club is so worth the investment. Join the book club. It's, it's getting really big. Ironically, they would not allow, we went out to the publishers of this book and said, we will sell this book for you. And they do not wanna reprint it for some reason. So that's interesting. But I did get some emails that it, the PDF version of this book is available so you can read it without even having to pay for it.


That'll be our next book. We're still reading Hollywood Babylon. Also, If you are a new parent and you want to enter into the vaccine conversation, meaning know anything about the history of vaccines, which is also being completely hidden. And again, once I know what I know about Jacob Frank, Baron Frank as he was living in Offenbach, Germany makes me a little uncomfortable. Just big pharma. I'm just really off that. But anyways, If you want to learn about the history of vaccines, history of birth control, definitely sign up to that series. A shot in the Dark that's available on our website and you'll also get other free content. So it's totally worth it and you can just support me like and I, obviously, like I say, every episode M not being funded by anybody in the Middle East, I'm funded by you guys who have believed in me stepping out on my own to do this thing while being under just a full attack that I was last year for just being interested and wanting to learn more things and being called stupid.


I love being called stupid 'cause it's an invitation to get smart. I like getting smart and then I can share the stuff that I learned. So keep calling me dumb. See you guys tomorrow.