
Well, happy Tuesday. I can tell you guys one thing, the powers that be really did not like our episode yesterday because after we crossed half a million views in less than five hours, suddenly we got hit on YouTube with this bizarre age restriction. We've never been hit with that ever before. It said that we somehow violated the policy on graphic violence and nudity. I mean, what We literally just read Kamala's book and pointed out a major discrepancy, mainly that her grandmother, who she produced a photo of herself with, happened to die before Kamala was born. So yeah, seems a little odd just asking questions here. Well, today we were able to secure the birth certificates and the death certificates and some marriage certificates, which confirmed that Kamala either made a huge mistake all by accident or she outright lied because she wanted to convince the public that she was black.


Do not go away, you guys, 'cause this is about to get crazy. Welcome back to Candace. All right, so let's recap. Yesterday, I can admit I was completely triggered. I was triggered by the manner in which the Guardian or a guardian reporter rather treated Janet Jackson in a profile piece. It was very obvious they were trying to do the wacko jacko bit again like they did with her brother. So to remind you, Janet Jackson brought up in her interview human trafficking, child trafficking, and the journalist then Dec decided to heavily imply that Janet Jackson was just nuts to pretend that we have a child trafficking issue in this country.


And then when the reporter switched gears and asked her about supporting Kamala Harris as the first female black president, you know, Hollywood's all gotta get in line and support this woman or else Janet Jackson simply said that she had had heard that Kamala was not black and that she was in fact Irish. And the media predictably went completely crazy. I mean, here are some of the headlines here. NBC, Janet Jackson tells interviewers she's heard Kamala Harris', not black. Echoing election disinformation, I love that word. Newsweek. Janet Jackson's, Kamala Harris re remarks Spark Black backlash the Independent, she's not black. Janet Jackson makes shocking comments about Kamala Harris' heritage. And of course the New York Times, Janet Jackson repeats false claims about Kamala Harris's race false claims.


So to be clear, all Janet Jackson said was quote, that's what I heard, that she's Indian, that her father's white. That's what I was told. I mean, I haven't watched the news in a few days. I was told that they discovered that her father was white. Okay? that is all that she said. That led to all of this craziness in the media trying to paint her like she was some sort of a psycho. And then her manager, a guy named Mo El Marzi that I'm showing you a picture of here, he offered an apology on Janet Jackson's behalf to Buzzfeed. He said, quote, Janet Jackson would like to clarify her recent comments. She recognizes that her statements regarding Vice President Kamala Harris's racial identity were based on misinformation.


Janet respects Harris's dual her heritage as both black and Indian, and apologizes for any confusion caused. She values the diversity that Harris represents and understands the importance of celebrating that in today's society. Janet remains committed to promoting unity and understanding. End quote. And guess what happened? Janet Jackson fired him immediately and said that he was not authorized to make that statement at all. And she was not apologizing because she was not sorry and good for her. I'm glad she fired him. I am so tired of people being so fake having to apologize for something that should not have yielded any response from the media. In fact, it should have been the opposite.


They should have went ahead and investigated the claim that Kamala Harris is black, got into the bottom of it fully, but instead it was a media pile on. And then after being fired, Mo added to that pile-on by referring to Janet Jackson as unbalanced. Like the person who just worked for her came out and was like, she's unbalanced. I mean, with friends like that, who needs enemies? Then came me, don don't know. I guess I really am the person that has been in these streets, Kamala. 'cause I decided to simply look into her genealogy because why on earth is the world trying to convince me that this woman is suddenly black? Like they just decided she was black because she's running and because there is evidence, it is true that her father grew up in Jamaica.


Your race does not magically change 'cause of where you grow up. Okay? If I grow up in Sweden, I don't get to suddenly say I'm white. Okay? And what I discovered was quite startling. Now I'll ask you, when did you first get the idea that Kamala was black? What you'll say? Yeah, when she kind of started running with Joe Biden and that claim really came from Kamala herself. When they say a picture is worth a thousand words, they understood that Kamala Harris published a book in 2019 called The Truth That We Hold. And presumably the book was filled with truth that she was holding. I had a look through it and I saw this picture of her and her grandmother. Clearly a black looking grandmother.


On page 2 82, in the photograph section it reads, as you can see, visiting my paternal grandmother barrel in Jamaica. Also, on that same page, there's another photo of her. Again, you can see it's, it's black and white. I'm not quite sure why it is black and white, but it says, when I was 10 months old, I visited Spanish Town Jamaica. This is me with my mother and my paternal grandfather, Oscar Joseph. And now this guy looks mixed. He looks Asian of some description. But you can see the idea here is that she's definitely trying to introduce in a, in a manner of photos, things that make her race look more complicated. So I just decided to investigate that. And immediately things got weird.


Very weird First and foremost 'cause it was very easy for me to determine me to determine via just a light search online that barrel, her alleged paternal grandmother that you just saw died four years before Kamala was born in 1960. So last night we decided to continue our research to see if we could find birth certificates and marriage certificates and death certificates, which could further signify those points. And indeed it did. And it also raised even more questions about her genealogy. So let's go through those. Here is the birth certificate for her paternal grandmother. This is Kamala's Paternal Grandmother Barrel. Okay? Now you can see on this birth certificate that barrel is spelled with an I, it's Barrell Magdalene.


And you can see the reason why we know this is the correct barrel is because the mother is listed as Iris Finnegan. Later on we're gonna show you in the book, she names Iris Finnegan as her great grandmother. So that would be Barrel's mother. So we have the right woman also formerly her maiden name is Alan. that is true. It also says here that she's born in October of 1917 in Saint Ann. That's the saint and parish of Jamaica. And again, you can see it says it is signed by Iris Finnegan. Very clearly. This is the woman that we are looking for. This is Kamala's grandmother, alleged grandmother Barrell.


It's also interesting by the way that it lists her great-grandmother as a seamstress because Donald Harris, Kamala's father wrote in a 2020 piece called Reflections of a Jamaican Father, quote Miss Iris, that that again would be his grandmother, was the mother of eight children. Two was the sweetest and gentlest person one could meet. But underneath it was a tough farming woman who ran the cane farm at thatch walk near a in town jointly owned with her husband, Mr. Christie. Okay, that's weird. So you are telling me that she ran a farm because on that birth certificate it says that actually Iris was a seamstress, but whatever, let's just park that aside for a second and stick with Barrell.


This woman who died before Kamala was born, okay? Because I was feeling pretty certain that not too many people were gonna be named Barrell and be born in the Saint Anne Parish of Jamaica in 1917 to a mother named Iris Finnegan. I felt confident that we could find a little bit more data, and in fact we did. Okay, first we stumbled across Barrel's marriage certificate. Okay? So you can see that right here and now the name spelling has changed. You have Barrel Finnegan spelled with a Y in the same way that Kamala spells it and it lists their married date as 1944. Again, you can see the parish that is listed is Saint and Parish.


This is where every piece of Beryls life seems to take place. It reads here that her calling is a barmaid. And something that jumped out at me was the fact that she's married to someone, as you can see, named Lawford Newland. Okay? So Beryl apparently was married more than once because Lawford Newland is not Donald Harris's father, but Beryl is his mother. So just to be clear again, it says that she married a guy named Lawford Newland in 1944 when she was 25 years old. Okay? It's important to note that that would have been four years after she gave birth to Donald Harris Kamala's father.


I find that to be very strange. Also, regarding Kamala's father, we cannot seem to locate, I'm sorry, regarding law in Newland, the person that she married, we can't find him, can find him anywhere. We cannot find a birth certificate. We cannot find a death certificate. We can't find a news item or otherwise I cannot find this alleged Lawford Newland that apparently her grandma got married to. We also can't find a wedding certificate for Barrel and Oscar Wild Joseph Brown Harris. that is allegedly supposed to be Donald Harris's father.


Okay? So Kamala's grandfather is Oscar Wild Joseph Brown Harris, and we can't find a marriage certificate between the two of them. That's very strange. As speculated, we were able to confirm that Kamala's black grandmother that she showed us in that picture died in 1960 before Kamala was born. And I can show you right now her death certificate. Let's take a look at Barrel's death certificate, which confirms, as you can see there, it says that she died in July of 1960. It also tells us on the right hand side, you guys will probably have to zoom in on this, but she died of a uterine infection, uterine fibroids due to a hysterectomy.


It has her listed as 39 years. That's actually a couple of years off from 1917. So somebody may have gotten their math wrong here, but you once again see that it lists her birthplace as Saint Ann And. so this is a huge scandal, just an absolutely huge scandal. Kamala Harris published in her book that she was standing next to her Grandma Barrell, but Grandma Barrell died in 1964 years before Kamala Harris was born. So who the hell is the real barrel? Who is that woman standing next to Kamala Harris?


And do you know what I noticed about that woman standing next to her? She looks a lot like the woman that Kamala claims in her book is her great-grandmother, Iris. Now that's Iris Finnegan. Here's the book with my great-grandmother, Iris Finnegan in Jamaica. Now I'm gonna give you the side by side of Iris and her alleged daughter Beryl who died at 39. Now that woman on the right is not 39 years old. She's clearly much more advanced in her age. I mean, we know black don't crack. I mean that's just a scientific fact. So I would put that woman on the right hand side who she tried to pass off as barrel and I think is the exact same person. I would say that that woman looks to be about six five and then it looks like she's more advanced on the left hand side.


The great grandmother. That's the same person when I just believe my own eyes. We're looking at the same person. What do you guys think when you look at those photos? How the hell does a person who is the vice president of the United States pass off a book claim that these people that are in her book are her black relatives and nobody bats an eyelash or does even a peripheral search to recognize that the woman that she put forth is implausibly her grandmother? And by the way, I'm gonna say this and people can be offended, but the first thing that I thought when I saw the photo of her sitting on her great-grandmother's lap was that this doesn't look like a grandparent affection going on here.


Like this woman looks like she could be working for the family. Quite literally, I thought to myself, this woman looks like she could be the help. And I thought that because there's a lack of affection there. Do you know what I mean? But there's no like, and and and both of the photos, there's a lack of affection. It's just like a woman standing next to her. And I obviously know that that was a circumstance when you're talking about a family that had a ton of plantations, which is the reality she descends from Irish slavers. that is a fact that Kamala Harris cannot deny. She descends from wealthy Irish slavers who virtually owned. They did own the town. They named the town. It was Hamilton Town, then it was Brownstown in Jamaica, you had over 1000 slaves.


Okay? It would follow that there would be help around the house. And I'm just gonna put here as a question mark, not as a fact. If they're looking at some of these photos of people who became like family and they're trying to pass them off like relatives. Again, not a fact, a huge question mark. But my instinct tells me that that person is actually not her family member. And if it is, well, Kamala has got some explaining to do. How did she meet Grandma Barrell almost 20 years after Grandma Barrell died? 'cause Kamala Harris looks to be about 20 in that photo that she presented. Then there's another bit of a mystery. As I said, if Barrell married after her or before her wedding when she was 25 years old, to the missing Newland, if anybody can find Newland, please Newland, please let me know.


But if Beryl married at some point, Oscar Wilde, Joseph Brown, where is their marriage certificate or and where is their divorce certificate certificate? Again, I'm only prodding the narrative here because I'm gonna need proof that she's black. The media has now made this a thing and now you made it so much of a thing that you're attacking people like Janet Jackson when she asks a very reasonable question that you should be able to respond to. And now we have a verifiable lie that Kamala Harris told in her book or a big uoh because you know, if I'm being nice, I guess sometimes you think when you're publishing a book that it's a photo of you and your grandmother that you never met or never could have met.


Maybe Kamala was just confused and thought it was her grandma, but it was a grandma that she had, again, never met. Media should be on this. And they should be asking her this question, how did you make this significant of a blunder in your book? And isn't it quite ironic that every photo that you have presented, two of which looked like they're the exact same person, one aged on? Which begs the question is that even Kamala Harris in her lap, I, I don't know. Again, we're at the beginning of this investigation, but it's interesting that of amongst all of the relatives, so many Irish white slaves, the only photos that she chose to put in this book are the ones that make it look as though she might be black.


And we have just significantly, and without question debunked one of those photos. Also, there's something else that I notice about Beryl and Oscar. This alleged married couple, right? Our alleged husband and wife, each of them are listed as having a lot of siblings. Oscar's siblings are named Hild Mae Harris, Newton Alexander Harris, and Ina Doreen Harris. I cannot find a single photo of these siblings. Now why am I looking for it? Well, because people take family photos all the time. Tons of this stuff. Tons of this stuff is on the internet. I mean one of those people lived until 2005 ina Doreen Harris allegedly lived until 2005.


I would just like to see a photo to confirm that these are black relatives. I just wanna confirm their race can't find a trace. Similarly, for Barrell Barrell Finnegan has siblings too. Their names are Abraham, Judah, Finnegan, Noah Pendergast, Finnegan, Bernard, Washington Finnegan, and Gloria Eugenie Hill. Where are they? Or where are any photos of them presuming that they've, they've passed. Where are the photos of them? You've gotta be somewhere, right? Something very suspicious is going on. I don't know how it is. Plausible guys do not allow the media to gaslight us. It is not difficult, okay? For a person that is running for president of the United States to have a tidy background, this is my mom, this is my dad, this is my grandma.


That it always seems to be the case that right before they run they introduce like one or two photos that they allege are from their childhood. This is my grandma, this is my mom and If. you ask any more questions, I'm gonna scream at you and call you a racist. It's completely ridiculous. We now have a scandal on our hands, okay? And again, this is the tip of the iceberg. I'm gonna keep going. I'm gonna keep looking for these relatives. I'm gonna confirm that all of these people are in fact black. I find it strange just as a little tidbit, that when you go on these genealogy websites, you can see that there's somebody managing the profile. All of the people that are managing the profile for Kamala's relatives are white. What interests would white people around the United States have in managing the profile for this Jamaica family?


Unless, well, unless what Janet Jackson said was true and that these are her white Irish relatives and she's been hiding that fact by trying to introduce some random photos of a woman and purporting that that woman is her grandmother. Again, if she's been with you throughout your entire life, Kamala, you could drop some more photos. But no matter what, you lied in your book, okay? You lied in your book. That woman died in 1960 and you were born in 1964. And I find that to be extremely problematic. like I said, I'm in these streets just like you, Kamala, so If, you wanna come out and tell the truth. I'm gonna be on this. Otherwise you might as well come up with your storyline because I don't tend to let go when I have the scent of somebody who's telling a lie.


All Right guys, we will pause there.


I wanna remind you about Gold Co. This election season has been insane. We really don't know who is going to win in November, at least of all of all this information now coming out about Kamala. But there is one thing that I do know. I'm still going to buy gold and silver. The United States has $35 trillion in debt in a foreign country, likely controls our government. There's no better time to protect your money and savings while you still can. You can go to Candace likes gold the.com. You'll learn about the top rated precious metals company GoldCo and how they can help you. They are a great company that is top rated with over 6,005 star reviews and a whole bunch of awards. Not only do they support my show, my listeners can Get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver unqualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold, go to gold co visit Candace likes gold.com. That's Candace likes gold.com.


Okay? Gotta cover this because I always cover her 'cause I think she's an interesting case study and it really, for me, I believe that there's a lot of reasons that I believe that Hollywood is, is problematic, but it is the targeting of children when you learn the history of Hollywood and just seeing the way that the pursuit of cameras and the pursuit of fame can warp somebody's brain. I mean we're seeing a, a very distinct pattern here of child actresses kind of going off of the deep end. And there's a reason for that. you know, you look at, I mean, Amanda Bines, Demi Lovato, Britney Spears over and over again, we have these child stars and they just go wayward. Well, JoJo Siwa, I believe is an example worth speaking about.


I'm not saying that she's crazy or off the deep end, but I am saying that she seems to be screaming for attention and she's finally acknowledged that, you know, she came out and said that I would not be allowed to come on her podcast. But now she's totally agreeing with me in this interview that she did for Lady Gun Magazine. So here is the cover I wanna show you that you can see that she's got some abs going on. Bedazzled abs If, you will. And she's also decided to give herself some junk, right? This is kind of the new her, she wants everyone to know, but she's a lesbian and there are some and androgynous aspects. Here's a second photo of that. So you can just see how far she's going in terms of trying to look like she's packing a lady gun.


Get it. Ha ha ha. Like it's a lady gun. I'm so clever and I'm so deep except I'm not deep at all. And this is like I said, just the same shallow waters that all of these Hollywood types tread. And the reality is they think they're so deep and they think they're so artistic. It's like when you go to the MoMA and you see a toilet and they're trying to convince you that it's deep and it's thoughtful and it's like, oh, it's modern art. And it's like, no, it's crap. It's literal crap. You're never gonna convince me that this is art. You're never gonna convince me that crap is food. Okay? And that's kinda the world that we live in, that they're trying to constantly try to make you think that it's more complex and you should pause and you should think. And the reality is, all I see when I look at jojo is a tremendously manufactured star that's crying for attention, And.


so it's great that the title of this article that she did for this profile is JoJo Siwa on Manufacturing Attention Dissociating and escaping the Persona. And the person who's interviewing her right comes right out and says, you're like the master of the attention economy. And Jojo says, thank you, I'm an attention whore. And she, this is from the article, Jojo sees herself as a curator of attention. This is what I say. It's like they're trying to be deep, but they're saying nothing. I'm a curator of attention. Like, shut up, just stop. I just cannot stand this. They're just so shallow. There was no intellect here. But damn, if they're not gonna try to convince people that are reading this that it's, it's so much deeper.


She's a curator of attention collecting the Internet's energy and perceptions. She gives kudos to brothers Jake and Logan Paul who transformed YouTube into a content farm and gains notoriety for their controversial stunts and videos. She says quote, I pulled so much of my social media marketing and inspiration from them back in the day because when I was 13, 14, 50, 15, they were all that I wanted to be on YouTube. Their views, their numbers, their marketing, they were geniuses, they still are geniuses, but the things they did, all I wanted to do was be them. And So I figured, how can I do that? But in my world, my favorite thing to do on this earth is to entertain and to make people smile and laugh. Whether or not they're laughing with me or laughing at me.


Obviously no one likes being hated, but I enjoy being entertaining and that is how people are entertained. She goes on to say, I definitely disassociate. Well, it's a special talent for sure. So whatever moment I'm in, I'm in it for that moment. Once it's done though, I'll be out. you know what I mean? No, I literally don't know what you mean. Okay. When you're talking about dissociating, what do, what do you mean? Like, do you have like a dissociative identity disorder? Because when you're saying that you're just buzzing in and out of personalities and you're doing this and then you're done with it, like I said, you're giving credence to exactly what I have been saying all along. And what I think is so important to impress upon people that watch this show and for people that are watching Hollywood, is to realize you are dealing with incredibly conflicted souls that are desperate for attention because they are so spiritually vacuous, right?


There is nothing in them that is actually fulfilled And. so they look to the outside world and they say, what can I do? How can I top what I've done before? How can I get more ridiculous? How can I be more other? How can I be more outside the bounds so that I can get likes or shock or reaction? And she's admitting this, like I said, it's to cry for help. What is she doing? Why is she wearing a, a bedazzled bottom piece to, to make it seem like she's a dude? If that's not a cry for attention, if that's not a girl who was brought up in Hollywood and whose brain has been completely wrongly structured like this wrong feedback loop has been established when she was a kid and she just is constantly looking for attention all the wrong ways.


Genuinely, like I said before, even though she says that she hates me and that she would never have me on her show, I think that Kamala Harris, I mean Kamala Harris, I think that she truly just needs someone. JoJo Siwa needs someone to guide her in the right way. And she needs a break from Hollywood. She needs a break from trying to get attention. And at the end of the day, what she needs more than anything else is God, because I, I am still not buying this, this lesbian act that she puts on. It's just, it's just extremities for the sake of attention. All Right guys, I, I also want to tell you about an update with the Trump assassination attempt. This is crazy. So the son of the suspect in the recent Trump assassination attempt, which is insane, it's already out of the media that You know this guy just shows up in AK 47.


Some people by the way, are commending the secret service team for You know firing at him and missing him. I don't think that's great. But the second thing is, how on earth did this guy even get on to the golf field without having the secret service? Note him The fact that like Trump was golfing and that guy had been camping out for 12 hours, to me sounds like a remarkable secret service failure I know that Trump thanked them. In my viewpoint, I'm going, this is supposed to be the best of the best, the most elite. Don't you think they would have just like surveyed the course before Trump had even gone out there and spotted this guy in the woods? Anyways, I guess I'm crazy and I, I guess I have a higher bar for what I would expect. But it turns out that the son, so remember the son spoke out, his name was Orrin Alexander Ralph, and he said, you know, my dad couldn't hurt a fly.


I don't know why he said that because as I said, his dad's records indicated otherwise he had been arrested in the past for having weapons of mass destruction and barricading himself into a room. Well now, Orrin Ralph has also been arrested. He's been arrested. And the FBI is saying that they seized multiple electronic devices in his home and they found chats and they found messages and that they found him in threads sharing child sexual abuse material. So child pornography, he now faces two charges of possessing and receiving child sexual abuse material and is, is, is is expected to appear later on Tuesday in federal court in North Carolina.


Now, there's two ways to look at this and I'll give you both. Some people obviously are going slam dunk like every single time when you look into these people that are involved in these sorts of crimes and you look at their family, there tends to be this pattern of pornography. You know, we spoke about pornography last week on the show and how it is this weapon to destroy men but ultimately to control men. And the pornography is intentionally beginning becoming more and more demented and, and what it's really doing is controlling and perverting your thoughts in the end And. so people go, okay, you can look at this and this would fit the bill. But other people are saying, isn't this interesting this happened with the Las Vegas shooter? Did the feds just drop child pornography onto his devices when they were doing this general search?


Because they wanted to use him as the son, as a tool to get the father to comply with whatever it is that they want. And it's hard 'cause we now live in this world where don don't trust the feds and I obviously don't trust a person who's is a family member of someone who just tried to assassinate Trump. So we're in this like impossible situation. All we can do is deliver the facts. And the facts are that this man was arrested for child pornography. We will follow that case. We will see what is actually happening. And as I said, we have a major pornography issue in this country. And my biggest fear with all the themes that are happening in our society with children and people trying to assert that children have power over themselves and they can pick their own gender, my biggest fear has always been that inevitably it would lead to this crisis.


And I am worried that my fears are being proven correct. All right you guys,


I want to tell you about American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates. So you need to call my friends in American Financing right now with mortgage rates in the fours, now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of hardworking Americans have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store power. And even on childcare, that debt is expensive with credit card rates being high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Finance is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. They're even closing some in as fast as 10 days. And If, you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Okay, Neo is making the rounds. This is interesting a video. If, you don't know Neo, he is an r and B star. Now it has long been speculated in the media and in the just the rumor mill that Neo is maybe not straight. I'm not saying that that's true, I'm just saying it's long been speculated. And there's now been a video that has resurfaced of Neo having a fight with his ex-girlfriend, Sade Bagneris. And this is from April of this year. And she was saying some stuff about Diddy. Now there's a lot of cuss words in this, so there's a lot of beeps. but she starts yelling at him about his attendance at these freak offs.


Allegedly take a listen, Tell 'em about the freak off. Diddy, Jr, Diddy Jr. Tell 'em about the freak off. I know. Tell 'em about the freak off. Tell them the truth. Tell these people the truth. Oh, shut the fuck up. You don't give a fuck. None of these kids do. Y'all see a picture in his house of a kid? He don't care about these kids. All he care about is doing drugs, drinking alcohol toes. That's what you care about. So let's go. I'm a did he bop the outta here, you and and your freak off. You can get back to your freak off in a minute. Who do you'll be next. You'll be next. You'll be next. You'll be next. Your stories will be coming out next. So she has since apologized for this video, and I do wanna say that it's not clear if she was just upset with him, like maybe she caught him cheating on her.


And then she decided to go on this Instagram live and just start accusing him of being at these freak offs. And maybe he wasn't and she was just angry and saying, tell them about this calling you Diddy. Like basically just an incensed woman and trying to make him look as he does guilty on the Instagram. But people are circling this video and they're saying that maybe it's proof that he was also engaging in the drugs and engaging in the alcohol. Now, I have not seen Neo's name in any of the documents that are pertaining to Diddy, So, I. Think people should just hit pause before, you know, totally believing based off of an argument between a couple that he has something to do with anything. I have not known Neo to be a person that hangs out with Diddy and his clan at all.


He kind of seems to be a little bit outside of that. Again, she could have just been angry, but I wanted to cover it because it is making the rounds and people are suggesting that maybe there's more to the story. And I'm gonna be on top of the Diddy thing. Basically, my two speech right now is like Diddy and Kamala, Kamala Harris and Diddy, Diddy and Kamala. I will not let either of these things go, by the way, as an update. We still have not heard a single word from our boy LeBron James, who was definitely in the mix. Nothing also said from Jay-Z. Nothing also said from Beyonce, though I doubt Beyonce was attending any of these freak offs. But as we know, they are kind of at the tip of the top of the food chain when it comes to black America and the people that Black America follows.


And neither of them have said anything about their friend Diddy. And I wanna be clear if she was on the other foot, any of my friends were caught in this. And if I ever saw, like I did, watched Diddy beating someone on camera, right? That element, it's like he owned it. He said, yes, I did this. Cassie wrote this in her lawsuit. How do you not make a statement like this is the part that I don't get you purport to care so much about black Americans. You purport to care so much about black victimhood. Then when it's in your face and a friend of yours is beating a woman on camera, you stay completely Mom. These people are frauds. That's the reality. These people are absolute frauds. I can't stand them. I hate the fact I'm the one that has to deal with all the bullets of people calling me and Uncle Tom, a race trader and a coon.


And it's like, no, because I actually tell you guys the truth and I tell you that you are following false idols and all they do is lead you down whatever the government path that has been established at their feet. They're, I I I view all of them as feds, Jay-Z Beyonce, every person that gets up and dances with Kamala Harris and does the tidbit with the Democrats, I view them all as feds. I view them all as agents. I believe they are wealthy so that the rest of us can stay poor. and that will be, that will be your lifestyle If. you keep following them and believing them and become enraged every time they tweet and tell you to be enraged from their $100 million mansions. You either wake up to the reality that these people are frauds or you don't get to complain when you look around you.


And everything is is a failure And. so I'm gonna say about that, I'm gonna get into your comments


first, wanna remind you guys about PureTalk. that is a cell phone company that I use, which only charges you for the data that you actually want for just $25 a month. You can get a limited talk text and five gigs, gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Verizon at t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need unlimited data so that they can overcharge you. But the fact is, most of you're buying way too much data, more than you will ever need. Do you know what you can do with five gigs of data? You can browse the internet for 135 hours, stream 1000 songs, or you can watch 10 hours of Candace Owens video. So stop overpaying for wireless and get 5G coverage with PureTalk. Switching is easy. There's no contract, no activation fee, and you can even keep your phone and your phone number. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owen Owens. Again, that is PureTalk dot com slash owens and you'll save additional 50% off your first month with PureTalk


All Right. guys, you know how this works. We are going to be jumping over to Rumble to read your responses. I cannot wait to hear what you have to say about Kamala Harris Also should add here, I am definitely going to give, I have to break up the a thousand dollars bounty because the person who got me the marriage certificate that came in via an email and I did not have that. And I said a thousand dollars and I'm gonna have to break it up because there were some little tidbits that I still wanna follow down the rabbit hole. But I wanna make sure that every information, piece of information that I have is concrete. So I'm gonna take it slowly, do a slow leak every single day on Kamala, but that money I am going to give it to you guys. And I will announce who it was that gave me that information. Tomorrow again guys, the comment section is going to be on Rumble.


We're gonna abandon YouTube. The reason we're doing this is because YouTube has just been particularly evil with me as of late. And we of course wanna make sure that we're building somewhere else just in the event that YouTube just keeps coming for my head because all I do is tell the truth. And I don't know, don don't know. Some people don't like that. I think there's some people that are fake mass reporting my YouTube page. Anyways, jumping over to Rumble now, hit the link in the bio, the description. Pardon? If, you would like to follow us there. All Right. guys, let's jump in and read some of your comments beginning with Sarah. Sarah writes, there she goes, exposing another lie. Candace, you are one of the few true journalists left. Thank you for your integrity and hard work.


Thank you guys so much for supporting me. As I always say, and I, know that I'm definitely going down the right path here because you can just see how much viciousness the rest of the journalists, the mainstream media journalists treat you with. Like they just do not want you there without their authority because they work for the state. And I don't, so I love it. I, I absolutely love the fight and I'm planning on staying in it. Justine writes prayers for Candace, one of the bravest Americans of today. Keep speaking truth. Thank you so much, Justine. The prayers keep me safe. Uber mech writes, we have a pornography issue because American women have impossible standards in mate selection. Blame feminism. I think feminism is only one component of it. We have a pornography issue because pornography was introduced as freedom of speech.


And the reality is, is that it, it transformed men, it transformed women. It transformed women in the ways that they think that they can make quick money. It transformed men in the ways that they don't think there's a reason for them to pursue a meaningful relationship when so much is being offered to them for free. So, I would say it's not just one sexist problem, but it definitely is something that both sexes are gonna need to come together in order for us to fix and repair. Ian writes Instagram threatened, taking me off the account. All I said was, Kamala is spreading lies and misinformation. And her campaign is using dark money to get her elected. Well, funny story, when we put pulled up yesterday, put up the Kamala piece onto our TikTok.


TikTok removed it like us investigating and saying that barrel died. They just removed it and then they restored it and then they rem removed it. And then like I said, YouTube hit us with this weird age restriction. And like we showed no nudity or anything graphic, So. I feel like the DNC maybe is watching very closely, which is a few weeks to go on. They don't want any huge scandal. And this is a scandal. Make no mistake, this is a huge scandal. And Bub writes, isn't it funny that both Obama and Kamala came out with a book about their heritage shortly before running for president trying to create the narrative? Yes. And this also follows what happened with Emmanuel. Macron. They refer to that as the legend. So they introduced to the public the legend of their childhood and essentially If.


you question legend, you get called a racist or a trans phobe, whatever it is. And the reality is, if we had a real journalist, they would immediately be prodding those narratives and introducing to the public all of these discrepancies. It shouldn't be independent journalists like me that are doing it. And like I said, this was a massive wonder, a massive, massive blunder. I don't think it's an oversight. I think it was intentional because they just want people to think that she's part black. And in reality, my suspicion is that that may have just been somebody that was working for them and worked for them for a long time. Maybe someone that was like family. But I just find it weird even that they, the dad said that they referred to her as like Miss Christie, like who calls their grandma Miss Christie?


Like who have you ever heard refers to their grandma as miss anything? That also was a red flag to me. like I said, we're at the beginning of this journey. We're not gonna let this story go. We're gonna continue to follow it. Whatever rabbit hole, it leads us down. 'cause that is what it means to want to bring the truth to the public, being willing to go down any hole in order to find it. All Right, guys, that's all we have. You can head to Club Candace dot com, If, you wanna buy yourself a Sandis cup. You can also head to locals.com If, you wanna support the show in any capacity that you can to keep us free from having to be worried about the fact that we are currently demonetized on YouTube. So sad. We really appreciate you guys. Either way, we'll see you tomorrow.