
All Right guys. Happy Tuesday. There is so much going on right now in the world in politics. We have to talk about the Tesla terror attack because there are a ton of conspiracy theories and of course I, I subscribe to some of them also, mark Zuckerberg says that they are getting rid of Facebook fact checkers because apparently they realized they made a big mistake. I'm not sure if I believe him in culture, though. We have, Justin Bieber must speak about this, you guys, he's apparently unfollowed all of his closest Hollywood managers. Even the bodyguard in a sign that some people are saying is more evidence of the Diddy fallout. And speaking of Justin's, I really hope that we're gonna have time to get to Justin Baldi and Blake. Blake Lively, but I don't feel like we will. Anyways, let's get started.


Welcome back to Candace. Okay, bias is on the table. I don't believe that people are unbiased when they report the news. I am a believer, okay? I've always liked Justin Bieber. I liked his music, and then I was really sad to see him go the Hollywood route. Anyways, for those of you who don't really follow Justin Bieber, it's hard not to. But I'm gonna give you a little bit of his backstory. So Justin Bieber got discovered when he was just 13 years old on YouTube. He was so cute. He was just a little baby.


It's really incredible to contextualize just how young he was when he landed upon fame. Here's a throwback for all the believers out there. Butter my stomach. And so we gonna keep the mountains.


Okay? You get it. He was just absolutely adorable, obviously. And the young ladies absolutely flocked to him. He was discovered at that time by Scooter Braun, again, just 13 years old. And so you can say Scooter Braun has literally been with Justin Bieber basically throughout his entire life. And I mean, through relationships, drug addictions, and finding love with his now wife and mother of his young son, Jack, his wife, of course, being Hailey Bieber, long career, long relationship. Okay, well, over the last few years we have seen Justin Bieber suddenly crying a lot in public, often with his wife Hailey. And many people wondered what was really going on behind those tears.


Some people speculated it was them and they were breaking up, but I didn't get that gut instinct, rather, it seemed to me that as he was making his way back to God almost back to reality, suddenly he became very emotional. Because that kind of happens, happens for people that go through addictions and they're finding their sobriety and they're reflecting on who they were. Throughout those addictions, you will have these emotional breakdowns. And when it came Justin Bieber, people wanted to know what were those breakdowns really about. Okay. And so I'll give you just one example of what I'm speaking to, what I'm speaking about. He did an interview back in 2020 with Zane Lowe, I think this was on Apple Music. And he was speaking about another young artist that was coming up, Billie Ailish and Eilish Ailish.


And he was basically speaking about how he wanted to protect her because she was now a another young person, a rising artist in the industry. And sort of out of nowhere, he became quite to overcome with emotion. Take a listen. Did you feel protective of her? Yeah, I definitely feel protective of her. It was hard for me being that young and being in the industry and not knowing where to turn and everyone, you know, telling me they love me and, You know, just turn their back on you in a second. So yeah, it's, it's hard because I want her to know that, you know, she can count on me, but at the end of the day, I don't want to, I'm never gonna force myself to be in relationship with her.


It has to be natural, right? So I just kinda, you know, let her do her thing and if she ever needs me, I'm gonna be here for her. But, but yeah, just protecting those moments because people take for granted encounters and yeah. So yeah, I just, I just want to protect her, You know? I don't want her to to, to lose it. I don't want her to, you know, go through anything I went through. I don't wish that upon anybody.


So yeah, if she ever needs me, I'm, I'm just a call away. I'm not even kidding. Watching that clip makes me emotional be because he is saying so much without really saying anything. Protect Billy Eilish. From what? From who, what is he so concerned about when he sees this young person in the industry? What exactly did he go through? Well, I think I have an idea because just two years after being a 13-year-old, getting his entire career, seeing this little hopeful, joyful, young 13-year-old Justin Bieber turned 15, and it suddenly seemed that Hollywood was keen to almost initiate him. I think that's the right word. Like there was almost like this initiation that he needed to go through.


So I want you to be now super uncomfortable and watch this video of an interaction between him and none other than Diddy. Take a listen, Justin, He's in, you ever seen the movie 48 Hours? Right now he's having 48 hours with Diddy, him and his boy. They're having the times of their lives like, like, like, you know, where we hanging out and what we doing, we, we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15 year old's dream. You know, I, I have been given custody of him, You know, he signed the Usher. I'm signed Usher. I I, I had legal guardianship of Usher when, when, you know, he, he did his first album.


I did Usher's first album. I don't really, I don't have legal guardianship of him, but for the next 48 hours he's with me. So, and yeah, and, and we going to go full buck, full, crazy, Going crazy. So young Justin Bieber, who was assigned by Usher involved with Scooter Braun. Now all of a sudden he's being put in the hands of Diddy, who it is true, he became the legal, legal guardian for Usher. You can look up all of the allegations of what Diddy did to usher a lot of this coming out via multiple lawsuits. That essentially, if we were gonna put it in a nice context, or at least use a euphemism for something that's really disgusting, the allegations are essentially that Diddy very much initiated usher into Hollywood.


And as we are going through these lawsuits and Diddy's in prison, we are recognizing that everybody knew this was an open secret about what Diddy was doing. So you just beg, it just begs question, who allowed Justin Bieber to be in the presence of this man knowing what he was up to, allegedly up to. That seems to be very clear that there is some veracity to those claims. Anyways, I wanna also just show you this montage. This is a montage that was shared by Evie Magazine. They do great work on their TikTok of Justin Bieber. Again, just 15 years old in Hollywood, surrounded by a bunch of adults. And you let me know if any of this registers to you as normal. Take a listen.


Wow, I feel violated right now. Wow. Lean into me again. You smell amazing. How old are you? Thank you. How old are you? I'm 16. I'll be 17 in like two weeks. I Don't ever remember smelling that good at 16. Like I was, that was bad. Yeah. Wow. Look at your eyes. Oh, look at what a beautiful place. Alright, Now it's time to, Would you rather be have to be naked on stage during one full song, one full song, or drink a cup of blended worms?


Answer Justin Bieber. I have like little girl fans that can't go see, okay, I'm Knocking that, you know, I got balloon. Get that off. Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, this is a brand new. Have your, has your mom given you a sex talk yet? I mean, like, I, I really like, I really don't wanna have that conversation with my mother. Yeah, like I'm, I'm, I'm kind of had it with my, with my father. You wanna hear? Oh really? See my parents, my parents never gave me the sex talk. Okay, That last one is really just the sickest asking a young teenage boy whether or not he's had the sex talk.


Like he's doing a media hit on a radio and she's asking him as one of the questions like, have you had the sex talk? This is Hollywood for you guys. This is what I've been speaking to you about. And it has just become so unbelievably clear that it is dark and it is demonic. And so it's not exactly shocking that within no time Justin Bieber was hooked on drugs. Okay? He spoke about this openly. He was reflecting on this time period saying that he first became dependent on marijuana when, as soon when he was 13 years old. And then thereafter he found himself, quote, sipping lean popping pills doing Molly shrooms everything throughout his teenage years. And we can definitely bet after having seen some clips of him partying with Diddy and learning of what these lawsuits are alleging, that essentially there were drugs that were intentionally put in the drinks, that there was this pink cocaine.


You know, you, we've gone through a lawsuit plenty times. We can imagine that perhaps Justin Bieber was introduced to some drugs that he didn't even know that were being introduced to him. But all of that changed for him when he met and began dating and got engaged to Hailey Bieber, this really became a happy story. He started journeying through faith, spending a lot of time with pastors. Again, going back to those breakdowns he was having, he seemed to be pulling away from his old Hollywood circles. Him and Hailey got married in September of 2019. And then I noticed something really weird last year. Now I wanna be clear, you guys obviously know If you listen to this podcast, that my brain works in very weird ways. I notice things that people are not noticing. Okay? I'm essentially that training scene, If you guys have seen Men in Black, the movie Will Smith's character is essentially being tested.


All of these agents are taken into this simulated target pro, pro target process where they're supposed to shoot at these cardboard aliens and then suddenly Will Smith out of nowhere shoots a cardboard little girl. I'm gonna show you that clip 'cause this is, this is me take a, take a listen. May I ask why you felt little Tiffany deserved to die? Well, she was the only one that actually seemed dangerous at the time. Sir, How'd you come to that conclusion? Well, first I was gonna pop this guy hanging from the street light. And then I realized, you know, he's just working out, how would I feel if somebody come running in the gym busting my ass while I'm on the treadmill? Then I saw this snarling beast guy and I noticed he had a tissue in his hand. I realized, You know, he's not snarling, he's sneezing.


You know, ain't no real threat there. And I saw a little Tiffany, I'm thinking, you know, 8-year-old white girl, middle of the ghetto, bunch of monsters this time of night with quantum physics books. She about to start some shit. Said she's about eight years old. Those books are way too advanced for her. If you ask me. I say she's up to something. See, good, good old fashioned street instinct. We're just like, wait a second. The little girl's weird. It's all these aliens and monsters and she's walking down calmly. That's how my brain works. And I'm explaining that to you because, well, listening to this podcast, but also because last August when Hailey Bieber gave birth to their baby, Jack, her, and just her and Justin's baby, everyone was congratulating them. They were like, yay, yay, yay. And then here comes me. I noticed little Tiffany, I noticed this really strange pattern of articles that registered to me as a Hollywood attack on Justin Bieber.


I sensed that he was gonna go through a black propaganda campaign. I'll explain what that is, but first we're gonna go back So I can show you what I'm speaking about. It was very strange articles about his relationship that stood out to me during this time. Take a listen. But it was actually something else that caught my eye about this pregnancy and this birth. And it was that leading up to it just a few weeks before they gave birth. So ha Bieber was very pregnant, suddenly there were a series of attacks on her and attacks on their marriage. And I'm just giving you just like one of these, showing you, I guess a bunch of these headlines that came out essentially saying that Justin Bieber was miserable and that ha was blowing through millions of his fortune on these wild luxuries, including a second engagement ring that was worth 1.5 million.


You can see another one here in the corner says, Bieber having marriage issues and desperate Justin Bieber accepted an offer from an Indian couple to do their gig for $10 million to keep up with Haley Bieber's excessive spending. I mean, that's stupid. You offered me $10 million to come sing at your wedding. I will be there. I will learn to sing for $10 million. I will sound like Aretha Franklin, you offered me $10 million to come sing at your wedding. So yes, all of these articles started popping up. And what I basically said in that episode was that Justin Bieber was going through a black propaganda campaign. I'm just extremely in tune with that one because I've survived a black propaganda campaign. I know what it looks like when powerful people in the background have decided that they wanna take you out.


And I was made to be in tune with this for a couple of reasons. The first is that the first time that I had even been exposed to this idea of Hollywood operating like a gang, meaning that If you try to get out they will destroy you. I was told that by Kanye West, obviously my friend, he was explaining this. I was not up to date on Hollywood, how Hollywood was established. I hadn't read the necessary books, but he was explaining to me that they will take everything from you, literally everything from you if they cannot control you. We all remember this, we all remember all the headlines. Kanye's crazy, he's really lost it, whatever. But I just listened to him and everything that he was saying. And while it sounded unique to me, obviously as someone who is not in Hollywood, now that I've dabbled and gone through those things in politics, it's not entirely unlike Hollywood, perhaps it's much more vicious.


But it was clear to me that Justin was trying to get out. It was very clear to me that Justin wanted a new life for himself, but he didn't want to be controlled by people in Hollywood. I remember yay saying to me also that the network of people that is around you, he kept referring to them as handlers, right? He kept saying, you know, the manager picture the, the show entourage. I've never seen it, but I know that it was very big. But the, the managers and the lawyers and everybody that's in your orbit is actually working together and they're all pretending that, that they're your friends, right? So when he says in that clip, I know Justin Bieber speaking about Billy Eilish and he says, I know that people will be around you and they'll see that you're, they're your friends and then they'll stab you in the back. That's what he's referring to.


He's basically saying that there are all of these people that are pretending to love you and they don't actually love you. They're there to control you. That is what Kanye said. And Justin Bieber is now essentially replicating exactly what Kanye is saying, but in a very different way, less drastic. And So I just began to notice that because Justin Bieber was getting clean, they were gonna have to try to take him out in some way. And the attack on his wife was very obvious to me. That is something that they do. It is something that was also done to me. My PR person said they started getting phone calls. People were, were trying to figure out if there was an angle to attack my relationship and to attack my marriage. Are they having trouble? Is there trouble in paradise? That is a black propaganda campaign for which Justin Bieber was victim to.


And I think this is going on for years. And so Justin Bieber, we now know that the Diddy thing, it must be very hard for him to process and recognize what was actually done to him. Now he has a son, right? So everything changes when you become a parent and you will do anything to protect your parent. And suddenly you realize how young you were. Like of course when you're 13 you think you're old. You're like, I'm 13 years old, I'm ready to grow up. I mean he had like braces. You think you're 15, I'm all grown up. I'm now having fun, I've got all this money and all of these celebrities are around me and all of these people around me love me. And then you become a married person and you have children and you're sober and you find Christ and you look back and you go, my goodness, I was surrounded by demons.


You know, this is why I, I tell you guys, there are books that you must read. You must read Hollywood Babylon to understand that it has always been this way. You must also read The Assault on Truth by Jeffrey Maso Maison, I told you about this guy who was working at the Sigmund Freud archives. The key to all of this is understanding Sigmund Freud psychology gaslighting. The black propaganda is essentially gaslighting people, right? And understanding that Sigmund Freud, people that created pr, that created, created propaganda in America, it's all the same family. They know exactly what they're doing. They're trying to mentally break you when these do, when they do these things. And they are now targeting Justin Bieber and he's not the only one, right?


Kanye had to get out, lost his whole family was called crazy, a thousand different ways. Or you end up like Britney Spears and they severely medicate you If you try to speak out about anything, it's like, look how crazy she is. But they're actually trying to drive you to the brink of crazy. And if they don't do that, they're just going to try to destroy your reputation. That is what is going on. Justin Bieber. Similarly Russell brand, when Russell Brand was a drug addict and a sex addict, Hollywood loved him, suddenly he gets clean, he gets married, he has kids, he's sober, he's talking politics. And worst of all, he's talking Jesus Christ. And what do they say? Oh, you know what? 20 years ago, actually when he was a sex addict, it looks like he may have raped someone. That's what the Hollywood does.


If you're damaged goods, they want you 'cause they can control you. If you're not damaged anymore, then they're going to try to attack you and, and, and other mechanisms because they can't have you revealing the secrets of Hollywood. So we're speaking about Justin Bieber today because he's, he's making some interesting moves. He has currently moves to unfollow his entire previous management team. He's unfollowed Scooter Braun. He has unfollowed Allison k, who is his former general manager. He has unfollowed Ryan Goode. To be clear, usher brought on Ryan Goode to be Justin Bieber's road manager. And he has also even followed Kenny Hamilton, who was his long time a bodyguard. With everything that we know about bodyguards, things that are coming up in this Diddy case, the weird connection to the Michael Jackson case with bodyguards, it begs the question, why would you unfollow this person?


And by the way, Kenny Hamilton, someone slid in his dms and said, Hey, why doesn't Bieber unfollow you and block you? And he's like, I have no idea why. You have probably an idea why. Okay, you've been around him, you've been around his entire life, you've seen what he has gone through and you sat by and did what? Like I was just doing my job and letting a teenager be involved with these sorts of people, knowing that he was definitely probably applied with alcohol and making decisions. And even potentially if the Diddy ring is proven to be true, and I think that it will be proven to be true, even potentially recorded doing things that he would never have done in his sober mind for the purpose of being controlled and manipulated so that he would never engage in wrong, think in Hollywood, Justin Bieber are sending a strong signal that he too believes that there is potentially a lot of power in Hollywood that is manipulating, controlling and demonizing, possessing people with demons intentionally with the purpose of controlling the message.


Ha Bieber has also followed suit and she has even gone so far as to have blocked some of these people on Instagram. So we have to ask ourselves what is going on in the wake of the Diddy case. We can only speculate, but I will tell you what I believe. I believe that Justin Bieber is sober. I believe he is clear thinking and I believe that he is Christian. And so Hollywood must necessarily take him down. I'm a believer, Justin got your back. Whenever you wanna speak about everything that happened, choose me, pick me. I am your girl.


All Right guys, I'm quickly gonna tell you about PreBorn. You know, I absolutely love them. January is considered sanctity of life month a time that we honor the over 66 million babies whose lives have been tragically ended through abortion. Sadly, since Roe was overturned, babies' lives are at an even greater risk. The abortion pill accounts for over 60% of all abortions now making this tragedy available 24 7. But in the midst of this darkness, there is a light that shines through and that is PreBorn. PreBorn is rescued over 300,000 babies from abortion. On average, they rescue over 200 babies a day. When a woman considering abortion hears her baby's heartbeat and sees that baby on an ultrasound, the baby's chance at life doubles. PreBorn very much needs our help for just $28, which is the cost of a dinner, you can sponsor an ultrasound and introduce a mother to her baby for the first time. 100% of your donation will go towards saving babies donate. You just dial pound two 50 and you say the keyword, which is baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that is PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


All Right guys, let's get into some of these stories. Everybody is speaking about Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg has essentially, in my view, been an absolute monster. He has been an enemy to free speech. By the way, I do not buy the Facebook origin story. Don't even get me started. I could do a whole episode on how I believe Facebook has always been a product of the CIA. That there's this whole ring at Harvard and Zuckerberg is just like picked as a tool. You know how you always know if something is CIA when it gets to Hollywood treatment, when they turn it into a movie and they're trying to create a legacy, like this is a film of the true story of what happened always means it didn't happen like that. Once you explore Pentagon's amazing budget that they have, they have offices, they have like the Pentagon has offices dedicated to Hollywood films.


None of that is normal anyways, So I don't wanna go off on an entire rant, but essentially Zuckerberg, as we know, went down to Mar-a-Lago. He met with Trump. Make of that what you will. All of these techies now swarming Trump. I what I make of it is that Trump should not be engaging in this. I don't like it. My gut intuition says a no, no, a no go. Obviously Trump's intuition is telling him something differently, but I have to speak my own mind and remain my own person. And now Zuckerberg has come outta that meeting and he's announced that he's getting rid of Facebook fact checkers. Now you'll remember notoriously, I sued Facebook and Zuckerberg because I lost, I'm not kidding, millions of dollars, okay? That is how act my Facebook account was when they shut me down over telling the truth about Covid.


They shut down my account for telling the truth about Covid. We went to court with them and the court wouldn't even hear the case because half of these judges are bought and paid for. And essentially the judge came back with a decision that said, well, we think that what the doctor said was true and now time has passed and the doctors were clearly wrong about the vaccine. And that was, thanks to fact Checkers who just lied full-time, just lied and gaslit people that were having reactions to the Covid vaccine. And so Zuckerberg has come out and said, oh, we, we maybe made some mistakes. We, we believe in in more speech. And we're gonna show you guys by getting rid of all these fact checkers. Let's take a listen to Mark Zuckerberg for as long as we can stand listening to Mark Zuckerberg.


Hey everyone, I wanna talk about something important today because it's time to get back to our roots around free expression on Facebook and Instagram. I started building social media to give people a voice. I gave a speech at Georgetown five years ago about the importance of protecting free expression. And I still believe this today, but a lot has happened over the last several years. There's been widespread debate about potential harms from online content governments and legacy media have pushed to censor more and more. A lot of this is clearly political, but there's also a lot of legitimately bad stuff out there. Drugs, terrorism, child exploitation. These are things that we take very seriously and I wanna make sure that we handle responsibly.


So we built a lot of complex systems to moderate content. But the problem with complex systems is they make mistakes. Even if they accidentally censor just 1% of posts, that's millions of people. And we've reached a point where it's just too many mistakes in too much censorship. The recent elections also feel like a cultural tipping point towards, once again prioritizing speech. So we're gonna get back to our roots and focus on reducing mistakes, simplifying our policies and restoring free expression on our platforms. Okay? I'm not a hater, so I'll say that he looks a little better with longer hair. He used to look like a lizard. And So I think I just wanna first not be a hater and say to Mark Zuckerberg that the, the long hair is, is looking good on you.


You look more human. That said, I don't really buy anything that he's saying here whatsoever. What does that mean? Get back to our roots. Like now we believe in free speech because of the election results. I would just like to think that you believe in free speech 'cause you live in America because you became a billionaire in America. However you became a billionaire. It's a a, a complex CIA story. This is America and it's given you everything. So I'd like to believe that that would be enough enough of an impetus to protect free speech. And I will say this, I'm, I'm gonna again try to be as fair as possible that in terms of our experience now across social media, I would say meta is the least. And I'm speaking about Instagram the least heavy handed in terms of issuing strikes and stuff.


TikTok has actually become the worst. I think that has more to do with TikTok, tiktoks leaning pro-Palestine. But meta has been fairly decent. That does not discount what has happened in the past. And how many people have had their voice, their voices completely stifled. And So I just don't really buy that. He somehow learned from his mistakes. All of this just feels like an operation to make us trust these people into Silicon Valley again. And I just don't think that I do. So I wanted to share this story 'cause everybody is discussing it. And there are some people by the way, that are furious about this on Facebook. Look at some of these comments. They're upset. Facebook is heading the way of other antiquated and outdated services.


Ah, next person's so disappointed. Kissing the ring was not what I had in mind for better content policy. These people are basically begging for their speech to be censored. Trevor Smith writes, calling Fact-Checkers. Biased facts are facts, but clearly some people want to create their own facts. Sadly, I must now consider what your platform now represents. Okay, bye Trevor. Get off the platform. Trevor. He's saying literally they got things wrong. The biggest thing being covid, like they could not have been more patently wrong because they went hand in hand with the government and allowed random people under the Biden administration to say, oh, just take that down. It doesn't serve our our narrative. So we need you, you to get this down until we get everybody to roll up their sleeves and get a vaccine. Anyways, they are trying to make good on this by appointing new members to their board of directors, one of them being Dana White, who I absolutely love and I trust with everything in me.


I'm telling you he's a good guy. Like 100% love Dana White. But I wonder how much power Dana White will have as just one of the members of the board of directors or if this is all just to make us feel more comfortable. Actually, I should text Dana after this and ask him what he thinks about Mark Zuckerberg. I even think him growing out his hair is trying to make us trust him more. You know what I'm saying? Anyways, I I I just wanted to, to get to that, to let you guys know that that is apparently happening If you are interested in engaging in Facebook content. Again, I I do think that they were really behind all these speech restrictions. Speaking of speech restrictions, yesterday on my show, I made a mistake. I said that Brett Cooper was coming back this week and it turns out somebody has pointed out to me that she's actually not coming back this week.


So I'm issuing this correction. Where did I get that from? I actually thought that I read this on her X feeded. I thought that she said that she'd be posting some content when she crossed 500,000 subscribers. Updating you guys on this story, by the way, in general, because I have been obsessed with it. Like many people on the internet, I have never seen a story generate so much content, but she eventually she will be coming back. She meant in the new year, not as soon as the new year begins. Now we know that she's officially, she left the Daily Wire exactly four weeks ago. Like I said, it blew up the internet. I was in London, it began trending, but she hit this amazing metric. I don't think I've ever seen this before.


So Brett Cooper has zero content on her new channel. You can't even find her new channel. Like If you type in Brett Cooper, you can't find her new channel because, because there's no content. So the algorithm does, doesn't understand what you're looking for. And, and If you're looking for it, you have to type in at BB or at b Brett Cooper. So two Bs at b Brett Cooper zero content. And look at this, Brett Cooper is at 543,000 subscribers. That is incredible. That is an amazing feat. That is just something I, I should be jealous of her. I should be, I should be rooting against her. Like I've never seen this happen ever before.


And not even that, but her old channel has basically lost almost that many subscribers. There's this website called Social Blade where you can see how people are gaining and losing. This is a screenshot of her, her old channel, the comments section has lost 420,000 subscribers over the last 30 days. Again, that is, these, these numbers are positively astonishing. I can't think of a single time ever on fa on YouTube that I've ever seen a channel lose that much or gain that much. And it just really signals that she is truly a star, but also that her fans are, are just standing by her in an incredible way.


And you saw this by the way she spoke at Turning Point USA talk about really understanding how much of a celebrity she was. I'm embarrassed to say I didn't even realize how much of a celebrity she was. She's obviously bigger than me. She's bigger than probably she was bigger than everybody at the Daily Wire, okay? She was apparently, and this is the side by side of our RSBN, like did a live feed of Turning Point USA's America Fest. And this is her old employer, Ben Shapiro speaking. He spoke there, Brett spoke there. Look at these views. Her views almost half a million views when she spoke compared to when Ben spoke 4,000 views. So she must be feeling great and I'm very much looking forward to her coming back. And I wanted you to understand why, because I think some people, when I covered the story thought that there was like, I just like didn't like the deli wire or whatever.


I'm, I'm over that. I could care less. We are, I'm so moved on in my life. Like I genuinely wish everybody the best don't care. The reason why this story was so big and why so many people covered, it wasn't because of any particular feeling about Daily Wire. It could have been the Blaze, it could have been anybody else. It truly is a meaningful story for all of us content creators and also for the audiences that watch us and invest in us. Because I have to tell you something, it is not easy to produce an interesting show five days a week. Okay? There are days when you really don't wanna do it, you're not feeling that good, whatever it is that's going on and you're like, there's nothing to talk about. And so for any podcaster that is committing to that, they are working tremendously hard. Understand they're working tremendously hard because they don't wanna let their audiences down. And whether that's Tucker Carlson on Fox News or Brett Cooper on YouTube, they're doing it because they love it.


And the reward is obviously the audience. The reward is that you guys come back. The motivation is you guys. So if we cross over into a different season of our respective lives, there's always this feeling like, okay, it's man versus corporation. It's David versus versus Goliath. It's okay, did people just invest in the corporation or did people actually appreciate the work that I did? And in this circumstance, every independent creator is watching this going, my goodness, the audience really loves us. You know, they love what we do, they appreciate what it is that we do in the same way that we appreciate them making those investments. And so that really is the interest in the B Brett Cooper story. And I can't wait to see when she comes back.


I'm assuming it's gonna be soon. I don't, I don't have a particular date, but I did wanna issue that correction 'cause yesterday I said she's coming back this week and I was just wrong. All Right guys, I just wanna also throw it to American Financing. I know that there are so many people that are trying to get our finances in order and start the year off right. There is some great news for homeowners because interest rates have dropped are now in the five. So If you have been buried in high interest card, credit card debt, now it's time for you to break. Free American Financing can help you access the cash in your home to pay off your high interest debt. Last year there's salary based mortgage consultants helped customers save an average of $800 a month. That's like giving yourself a $10,000 raise. What a great way to start the new year. And If you start right now, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments.


So talk to my friends over at American Financing today. Call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can simply visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay, do we have time for one more story? I really hope we do. Yay. Yay. We do. It's only been 35 minutes. Let's talk about the Vegas Trump attack. Lot of conspiracies flying around. Okay, so let's just get through the facts. I think everybody obviously saw this happening. Here's a photo and when I say saw this, I mean just on your social media feeds, we're wondering what was going on. You have the New Orleans attack, which we haven't even gotten to. Like I, I'm so backed up on stories. And then immediately after we had this terrorist attack happen and we're wondering if these attacks are related.


It turned out, and these are just the facts of the story, is that Matthew Lisberger 37 year olds, green Beret from Colorado Springs, shot himself in a Tesla cyber truck just before it blew up outside the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. Again, that was on New Year's Day. And then came the manifesto. There's always a manifesto, which I find to be incredible. I don't really know how much I believe in these manifestos or if it's just like written by feds to tell a certain story. But you guys know where I'm at. I read the book Chaos. I have no faith in our government at all. He left notes allegedly saying that the explosion was a stunt to serve as a wake up call for the country's ills. That's what the investigator said.


At least. He also wrote notes that he left on his cell phone, that he needed to cleanse his mind of the brothers that he's lost and to relieve himself of the burden of the lives that he's took. To be clear, he served in the army since 2006 and he was deployed to Afghanistan twice. And allegedly he wrote in this manifesto quote, this was not a terrorist attack, it was a wake up call. Americans only pay attention to spectacles and violence. What better way to get my point across in a stunt with fireworks and explosives that he allegedly wrote in a letter that was found by authorities and that they were released. Although you basically had the FBI saying that it appeared to be a tragic case of suicide involving a heavily decorated combat veteran who were struggling with PTSD and other issues.


Do you buy that story? Do you buy that someone as decorated as him does something like this? Clearly I would say it wasn't meant to harm anybody this this was contained to just himself. That he shot himself and blew this up because he was upset about his wife potentially leaving him about. They also said that, you know, there was a kid that wasn't his, that he found out was not his child. And that despite being decorated through all of this, he just had a psychological breakdown and decided to rent a Tesla and exploded outside of a Trump tower of all of the things to rent a Tesla, Elon Musk outside of a Trump Tower. What would be the reason for that? Well, Sean Ryan has a podcast, a very big podcast, and he had a person on named Sam Shumate who was a former intelligence analyst who realized that he had received, he believes these to be true emails.


Emails from Matthew Berger, the internet is trying to debunk these and they're saying like, no, these are not real. This is not actually him. We have not officially received word from the FBI about whether or not it is him, but I'm gonna let you listen to what ma they are alleging on Sean Ryan's podcast that this person Matthew Lisberger emailed in the days leading up to this quote unquote, I guess you could just call it an explosion on New Year's Day. Take it away, Sean Ryan and Sam Shumate. This is the email again that they are reading that Sam Shumate received from Matt Lisberger. Take a listen. So this email came in on December 31st at 10:42 AM that is Tuesday.


He said, in case I do not make it to my decision point or onto the Mexico border, I'm sending this now. Please do not release this until one January and keep my identity private until then. First off, I'm not under duress or hostile influence or control. My first car was a 2006 Black Ford Mustang V six for verification. What we have been seeing with drones, he puts that in quotes. He says, drones is the operational use of GDIC propulsion systems powered aircraft by most recently China and the East coast. But throughout history, the US only we in China had this capability. Our opsin, that's operation center, our opsin location for this activity in the in is in the box below.


China has been launching them from the Atlantic from submarines for years. But this activity recently has picked up. As of now it is just a show of force and they're using it similar to how they use the balloon for Sgin and ISR, which are also part of the integrated comm system. There are dozens of those balloons in the air at any given time. The so what is, because of the speed and stealth of these unmanned aircraft, they're the most dangerous threat to national security that has ever existed. They basically have an unlimited payload capacity and can park it over the White House if they wanted. It's checkmate US government needs to give the history of this, how we are employing it and weaponizing it, how China is employing them and what they, and what the way forward is.


China is poised to attack anywhere in the East coast. I've been followed for over a week now from likely Homeland or FBI and they're looking to to move on me and are unlikely going to let me cross into Mexico but won't because they know I am armed and I have a massive vbi, lemme pause right there for a second. So he says a massive vbi, when I was talking to the FBI yesterday, they didn't know what a VBI was. I had to explain what that acronym meant. Literally you serious? Dead serious. I said it twice and he goes, you said that. So so we can come out of that. So basically what's really interesting and what's compelling to me about this is First and foremost the attacks that Sean R. Ryan endured and in part he endured those attacks because when he showed that, that email on his show, and I, I can show you that If you wanna pull the email back up, you can see that there was this squiggly line, which, which implies that the email is being written.


And people noticed some weird spacing in the email that applied that this was not the, this was not essentially a screenshot of an email that came in and Sean Ryan said, yeah, no, we copied it and we pulled this out because we were putting it into our database. And then the person that he was hosting basically said, no, I, I sent them the email as a screenshot. They, if they copy and pasted or whatever it was. And that was manipulated after. It wasn't because the email wasn't real. I believe them after they shared the original and all the content, and it did just seem like people were really just attacking Sean Ryan for it was what was actually a very interesting piece of journalism. And I'll tell you why I found this to be an interesting piece of journalism. You guys might recall that I had on Ashton Forbes, and If you haven't watched an episode that you should, like what happened to MH three 70, that plane that disappeared.


And one of the things that he spoke about, and I was not educated about this whatsoever, was he was essentially saying that the government was hiding technology. The exact same thing that is in this email that he alleges was sent to him from Matt Berger. And essentially what Ashton Forbes was saying is that there is this sort, this, there is zero point gravity that exists, that they are able to manipulate gravity. And specifically Ashton Forbes was saying that it was this war between China and the United States that they, they, that our government has had this techno technology and has been hiding it from the public from a very long time. And so now you have an entirely unrelated situation that does, has nothing to do with MH three 70, nothing to do with Ashton Forbes.


And this person is emailing to allege the same thing. I think that we should look further into that. I don't think this should just be routinely dismissed. I don't think there would be any reason for Sean Ryan to engage in fraud on the public. He's at the top of his game, the top of his podcasting game. And from every angle that he and his producers looked into this, this email appeared to be legit. And so I'm not going to trust a bunch of people in the intelligence community essentially coming out and saying, this email is not legit or this isn't real. I would rather trust internet sleuths who are very good at determining what is and is not real, and understands that our government has been invested in hiding these sorts of things for a very long time by calling everybody crazy.


And I, I would also like to trust decorated vets who put their lines, put their lives on the line for this country above trusting the people that would let them die in a war tomorrow. And so I'm interested in this. I'm looking at more things. It also reminded me, by the way, these allegations about the government being able to manipulate gravity and having that technology and lying about it to the public have been going on forever since before you were probably even born. If you listening to this podcast, and I wanna bring to your attention, I, I actually should have told the producers to pull this up, but there was a guy named Milton William Cooper, okay. Or otherwise known as Bill Cooper. And he was a, an American who served in the military.


He was also decorated, he was a sergeant. He did tours in Vietnam. He received two service medals and he worked in naval intelligence. And he came out and he wrote a book. And I have not read the entirety of the book, I just actually read the first two chapters. It's on my list of books that I wanted to get to. But he essentially, the book is called Behold a Pale Horse, throwing that to Revelations in the Bible. And he, before it ever happened, predicted that the, that there were going to be school shootings. The government was involved in psychological experiments in the book he described HIV and AIDS as manmade diseases used to target specifically specific groups like blacks and Hispanics and homosexuals.


And that they had the cure before they had even made, allegedly made HIV and aids. And he was considered completely crazy like this was going on in the seventies. And he also said that the government had this sort of zero point gravity technology that they could use and that when he was serving, he saw it with his own two eyes. And that after they had, you know, used this UFO, if that's what you wanna call it, in front of them, they were all screamed at and basically told they would be killed if they ever spoke about it. So for so many people over the course of so many decades to be saying the same thing, and for these people to be in the military and to be decorated, I struggle to dismiss them after having read books like chaos and recognizing just how far and through what lengths our government will go through to protect secrets and to manipulate the public and to keep themselves in power while keeping the rest of the public dumb and diluted.


And, and again, also engaging in these sorts of black propaganda campaigns of always referring people as crazy and they've lost it. And that's it. So I just wanted to say that I think that that's a story that begs a little further investigation and I'm always willing to do a little further investigation. So I will keep you guys afloat on what I discover. Great work by the way to Sean Ryan because it's not easy being an independent podcaster and putting your neck on the line to expose something. And then basically just having people just completely chomp your head off because they're like, how dare you go away from the narrative. You've lost it. You're crazy. My favorite thing last year was everyone was saying the black propaganda campaign was Candace is suffering from postpartum psychosis.


And little did they know I was pregnant, So it can't be, can't be ha ha ha.


All Right guys, before we get into some of your comments, last year we voted big government, we voted big government out, pardon and efficient government in. Well now it's time to take action against those big wireless companies. So If you are still using Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, the question is why you can make the switch to PureTalk, which is my cell phone company. PureTalk will give you the exact same service on the exact same towers, but with better customer service because they are based right here in the us. PureTalk does all of this for literally half the cost. There is simply no need to spend 85 or a hundred dollars per person on your wireless bill, not when you can get a limited talk text and 15 gigs of data with a mobile hotspot for just $35 a month. The average family of four saves about a thousand dollars a year with PureTalk while enjoying America's most dependable 5G network. So cut your wireless bill in hot today, switch to PureTalk by going to PureTalk dot com slash Owens and right now you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash Owens.


Alright, now we are at time, so let's get into some of your comments where we have to go away. First up, we have Princess 3, 8 0 8. She writes, Justin looked into his son's eyes and wants to save him. Yes, I don know why I was getting so emotional watching Justin Bieber. I I, I think I'm just the believer guys. I don't know, but it, it, it's a lot 'cause you, I just know those changes when you become a parent and you wanna do the right thing and I know what he's up against and I know that his parents have spoken out in the ways that they could. Haley Bieber's parents have spoken out in the way that they could pastors have that are working with this. Couple have said, please pray for them. You have no idea what they're up against. And I feel like I have an idea what they're up against. And So I do think it is worth praying for Justin Bieber.


Mr. John Adams writes, Justin went through so much, I am so glad he has turned to God and that he can use this as his testimony. I wish he would speak out. He can lead so many young people to God. If he did give him time, he may or just appreciate that in his own way he is speaking out. And again, I'm not saying this to issue some sweeping, sweeping condemnation of the people that were around him and maybe he's falsely blaming them or realizing they're not his friends, whatever it is. Like, you know, we can't assign nefarious actions to all of these people, but I do think that we are reading this correctly in terms of what Hollywood is, especially when you look into the Hollywood origin story. And it was always a tale of blackmail and lies and really operating like a gang that people are just not allowed to leave.


Once you're in, you're in and you're not really allowed to be out unless you're willing to blow up your entire career. And Justin has sold his entire catalog. He's like, I don't care about the money. I want my wife, I want my family, I want a real chance at life. And that was a vision that his mom had for him. She wrote that she wanted him always just to be a Christian singer and she never really wanted him to go into Hollywood. She had him when she was 16. I know some people blame her for having let him be exposed to those sorts of people, but who knows, maybe she trusted them. Maybe she believed that they were her friends. Nobody knows, but more is most certainly coming out Now we have Pearl Howland who writes, I am so excited to see you at your Auckland show. Yes, I'm going to New Zealand. Me and my friends are flying up from the South island to support you.


See you soon. Lots of love. I am so excited as well. I I have been so keen to go to New Zealand. I was so sad when I was banned and then super happy when I was unbound. Very quickly, really grateful to the New Zealand government for seeing the injustice and how insane what Australia, one person, one man in Australia did unilaterally. We unilaterally and hopefully I, I feel very hopeful about our case that is moving forward in Australia and hopefully we get a reversal there as well, given the facts of the case. Super Axiom writes, Zuck sees where the popularity is, he is moving with it. I don't trust him as far as I can see him. Then we have Pearl just pearly things that she has her own YouTube channel. She said, did you say being a podcaster is hard?


Please? Yeah, I, I said no actually Pearl, what I said was, If you wanna be a good podcaster and actually create good content and not just be a person that just full-time says awful things about women at all times. And no matter what, can't say one nice thing about a woman because that's your brand, then it's probably really easy to to be a podcaster on YouTube. Alaska Dog Lady says, I'm a proud anti-vax mom since 2009. Thank you for a shot in the dark and your supportive RFK. Have you read the book Dissolving Illusions? If not, it's a Candace must. Yes. I believe I even mentioned dissolving illusions. Was that the one that was written by Suzanne? I can't think of her last name. But anyways, yes, there are tons of books that I have recommended on the shot in the dark series and I know I told you guys we would have it back at the beginning of this month.


We are now delaying that until the end of this month because we are trying to get the platform just right. You know, we're, we're creating our own platform where we can put all the content that would not survive a YouTube censorship check. And we're really excited about that. A shot in the dark will be there, plus interviews that we couldn't possibly air here that would be banned. Plus the interviews that do get banned here that then are trending somewhere else like today. Randomly a snippet from my conversation with Tristan Tate is trending on Twitter. It's like 5 million views and it was a conversation that was banned on YouTube, but available on Spotify. Anyways, you guys, that's all we have for today. If you wanna continue to support the de monetized YouTube show, I beg of you. I really encourage you If you can, if it's within your financial limits, even If you give a dollar a month, it really helps us to keep this show free and for me to just keep saying what I wanna say without having to worry about the financial pressure of YouTube saying that I can't be here.


The website to go there is Candace dot locals.com. We appreciate anything that you can give and that is it. That is a show for today. I swear tomorrow we're getting to Justin Baldoni and, and Blake Lively. We absolutely must, I can't keep promising it and just dangling the carrot and, and then pulling it Away from you guys. So tomorrow be there or be squared.