
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Alright, you guys, Happy Thursday. I have another crazy inside Hollywood scoop for you guys today, this time pertaining to Justin Bieber because what the heck is going on with Justin Bieber? The press is all over it with rumors and all of his innuendo that Justin and his wife Haley are on the rocks that Justin does drugs, and also that he's sold his entire musical catalog because he's flat broke. Well, I'm hearing some other things. I think I know the truth you guys, and I'm going to reveal it to you all today. It's going to be a deep episode. So let's get started and Welcome back to Candace.


Let me guys, let me tell you guys something about 2025, okay? Don't care where you're at politically or religiously, but I'm telling you right now, the Holy Spirit is on the move. I don't know what it is about this year, but it is so evident that God is not having it. The lies will not stand everything in everyone. Evil is just getting exposed. So if you're involved with evil, short the market on it, okay, go long on goodness, where should I begin with this? So there are a lot of unrelated subjects that we've been covering on this show that seem to now be preparing us for this moment in time. It's all tying into one another. Foremost, let me stay right now, right at the top of the show. I do not know Justin Bieber. I do not know Hailey Bieber.


I have never had a conversation with either of them. I'm not being employed or paid in any capacity by Justin Bieber's PR team, nor am I even in touch with Justin Bieber's PR team or manager. That's just to mark me safe from anybody pretending that I'm doing this because somebody's paying me How I got this information truly, truly is a God thing. So we have been hitting at a few themes and topics on this show this year. First and foremost, MK Ultra, right? That clandestine government program, which we know happened here in America, it's undeniable. Most of the files were destroyed. Obviously If you were in the book club, you have already fallen down the rabbit hole of chaos, recognizing the power of the media, the power of, you know, psychiatrists, our government, and our next book that we're reading is Hollywood Babylon.


How Fitting Where it all began, how these programs are executed in Hollywood. Alright, well, we've also recently taken you guys down. The rabbit hole of what exactly happened to Kanye West now goes by yay, which the media just conveniently ignored, wasn't interesting to them. The now infamous text message from his quote unquote trainer Harley, pastor Nick, just a gym trainer who actually came out of a military program where he was allowed to experiment with administer psychological medicine within what would be the equivalent of the Canadian Department of Defense with ties to MK Ultra, totally normal if threatening Kanye, I'm gonna put you back in the hospital.


You won't remember anything. He's basically saying, I'm gonna do to you. You know what we kind of did to Britney Spears? There's a cocktail of medicine and we can give people mental disorders. That is a fact. If you read chaos, you know that is a fact. It discovered that ability in the sixties. Anyways, I think overall, during the last three years, it's safe to say that we as a society are learning that there is a very dark element to psychological methods that seems to be the name of the game. Psychiatric care psychology, coupled with the mainstream media, pretty well-established pathway obstruction, whether you're talking about covid, where it was a mass psychosis, it captured all of society and instantly we were modifying our behavior.


Or if you're talking about them targeting certain individuals like Britney Spears, Kanye West, which brings me to the topic of Hollywood and child stars regarding what Justin Bieber obviously was an idyllic one. His career began way back when he was just a sweet little kid making YouTube videos, sharing his gift of singing with the world. Here's a reminder of little baby Justin Bieber. Take a listen. I don't want nobody else without you. There's no one left. You like Jordan's on Saturday, I gotta have, and I cannot wait now. Hey babe, shady say care for me. You know it care for you. You know that I'll be true.


You know that I wanna die. You know that I would try to be your everything because if I got you, I don't need money. I don't need because girl, you're my heart and I'm into you. There's something about a child singing it just completely warms your heart. And then we found out that he was also musically gifted. He knew how to play among other instruments, the guitar proving that really he just had this passion and this love of music. Here's another little baby Bieber singing, Edwin McCain's ILB. Take a listen Up the But before there was a Justin Bieber, let's just pause for a second.


There existed at the childhood talent of all childhood talents. Now let's throw it back to Michael Jackson, okay? Because remember his voice. What was he, five, six years old? Take a listen you guys. Hey you, I you went away.


I see people in the chat already saying, I'm crying. I'm, I know I am crying already. And yeah, this is a little bit of a tear diker of an episode because you forget how young and how innocent these people are, and then what happened to them when they get inside of Hollywood. And you know what, regarding Michael Jackson, this is really important because earlier last year in August to be precise, so just after we began the new show, the independent show here, we presented what I actually think is our most important Hollywood piece ever. And it is relevant to the Justin Bieber story. We presented it because it was Michael Jackson's or what should have been Michael Jackson's 66th birthday. Now, bear with us because like I said, it's relevant now and we need to recap it. We asked our audience at that time, what do you remember about Michael Jackson?


You, you don't remember the voice, the young kid. You remember that? Yeah. He was incredibly talented singer and a performer who wound up broke and disgraced and died young. And there were these allegations of pedophilia. You remember that he was also accused of being antisemitic. You remember that? He was well wacko jacko. What you don't remember is how exactly a person who was positively adored and loved by the world for 30 years, 30 years in the public eye, loved, adored, not a single allegation. And then boop, just like that took a very sudden and a dark turn. So we gotta remind you, this is how it happened, at least if the press was to be believed at that time.


And I'm just going to let this portion of our former episode run. So take a listen. So Michael himself had been in the public eye performing for 30 years, and he was nothing but adored. I mean, from his relationship with Princess Diana. Michael was everywhere. And it was just agreed that there would never be a talent like Michael Jackson. But then something happened in 1993, something very unusual given the fact that this was a man that was in the spotlight so much. It was in 1993 that the very first allegation came against him, made from a screenwriter in the industry. It was both a screenwriter and a dentist named Dr.


Evan Chandler was based in Los Angeles, and his accusation was that Jackson had sexually abused his 13-year-old son, Jordan. Horrific. Now, Hal, this came about was that Jordan told his psychiatrist that Jackson had molested him, and then the LAPD began a criminal investigation. But the investigation actually found no physical evidence against Jackson. And it was closed. The case was closed less than one year later. Now, that should have stopped the media from reporting on it. Michael Jackson wasn't guilty, but we know the media has never let facts get in the way of them having a good time.


They broke the allegations worldwide, which led Michael Jackson to cancel the second leg of his Dangerous World tour in August of that same year. He cited health issues, health problems that were stemming from the stress of the entire scandal. And do you wanna know what actually added to the stress? This is actually horrific. His sister, Latoya d Jackson came right out and she said, yep, Michael Jackson is a pedophile. But then something weird happened. She didn't provide any evidence, she didn't even attach that statement to a story. And when people prodded her about that, you know, why did you say your brother is a pedophile? She admitted that it was her husband who had forced her to make that statement. Now it's very strange.


Who is Latoya Jackson's husband? Well, here's a photo of her with him. I'm gonna tell you a little bit about him. Like Dr. Evan Chandler. This man is Jewish. I'm gonna tell you why that matters as we get more into the Michael Jackson story. Her husband is a Jewish Russian immigrant. It says his name used to be Jack Leon Gordon. And he then changed his name, also changed where he said he was born. He claimed that Las Vegas was his birthplace until he changed his name in 1981 to Samuel Isaac Gordon. And then he changed his name again in 1983 to Clifford William Johnson. And then he said he was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.


Okay, this is all getting really weird. Why is this person changing his name so many times and why is he pushing his wife to say that her brother is a pedophile? I mean, that's at least what Latoya Jackson said, and the story's going to get even stranger and stranger. It's making me think that we should maybe go back and reexamine his relationship, Michael Jackson's relationship, and with Young Jordan and how these allegations came about. So let's do that. First and foremost, how did Michael Jackson meet Little Jordan Chandler? It's actually kind of, the stars must have just aligned. Literally the stars, the star being Michael Jackson. His car broke down on the side of the road and he called the police. He was like, I'm Michael Jackson, can you please come help me deal with this car?


And they were like, no, actually, we can't help you deal with your car on the side of the road. And he made a bunch of phone calls. And then finally somebody was driving by and they were able to help him and that someone was an owner of Rent a Wreck. His name was David Schwartz. David Schwartz then gets Michael Jackson tows the king of pop. Could you imagine this? Back to his shop and obviously calls his wife. And her name is June Chandler Schwartz. And she's, he's like literally the most famous person in the world is standing in our shop. You might wanna get down here real quick. And guess what, June got down there real quick. And she brought her young son Jordan with her. And then the relationship was born Michael Jackson, as so many fans were surrounding him at this wreck place, he began speaking to the little boy because he, I guess, felt uncomfortable about all the press.


They had a conversation and he felt that the, the family was just so kind to him that they became really close friends. He traveled around with Jordan, he brought Jordan's mother with him, took them everywhere, hosted sleepovers with Jordan, along with other young boys. Obviously we all know about his Neverland ranch. And our understanding of that up until this point was just that Michael Jackson always felt that he didn't have a childhood. And so he always felt badly for children and wanted them to have an experience, have a real childhood, and created a ranch for, to make that a plausibility. Like he wanted to create Disney worlds forever for chil, for for children.


Then some things got kind of strange as you start to look into the story going, okay, so they were friends, the, the media loved it. They referred to them as Michael Jackson's adopted family. They loved the background story. And then apparently this kid's dad, Jordan Chandler. And to be clear, the person who picked Michael Jackson up and took care of his car was Jordan Chandler's stepfather. But his real father started going, I actually don't like his relationship with Michael Jackson. And that's interesting because then you find out that despite the fact that his real father, Dr. Evan Chandler made these allegations against Michael Jackson, despite the fact that you learned that it was him that did this, Jordan Chandler just a year later decided to emancipate from both of his parents.


So you're following me, he's 13 years old. His biological father makes allegations at the age of 13 against Michael Jackson, the king of pop. And a year later, Jordan Chandler moves to emancipate from both of his parents. In case you're not aware of what emancipation is, it's essentially you go to the court and you can say a variety of things. You show them that you have some way to make money, and you say, I do not want to be the child of either of these parents literally emancipate me before I turn 18. And the judge grants that. If they believe that there's enough evidence that you should be emancipated, he did this, Jordan Chandler did this, and it makes you wonder like, how could you do this to your dad? I mean, like you're, you're a poor old man. That must have been a really tough decision for Dr.


Evan Chandler to, to stand up to the king of pop and all his power and all his fandom and to say, Hey, he molested my child. And I wasn't, it wasn't on my watch. My wife is remarried. He shouldn't have even been having sleepovers. You would think that Jordan would adore his father for having done this. And then you find out that when he turned 16, he filed a restraining order against his dad because his dad tried to beat him with a weight. Hang on, because this is going to be very important you guys a weight. So you've got this doctor, Evan Chandler character who's now trying to beat his son Jordan, who's now 16, knowing all his son had experienced at the hands of the king of Pop, allegedly, he decides to just try to beat him with the weight.


What could have led to the breakdown of their relationship? I mean, it's not like a father could have done something like compel his son to say that he had been molested by Michael Jackson if he hadn't been right. It's not like Evan Chandler, his biological dad, drugged his son Jordan into a confession of some sort. Like they were using drugs like that in Hollywood. Oh my God, wait, no, you guys, you're not gonna believe this. Yes, Jordan Chandler, the son, was literally drugged by his father dentist, Dr. Evan Chandler, into a confession. This is from an article at that time on August, it reads, on August 2nd, 1993, dentist Dr.


Evan Chandler was extracting a tooth from his own son Jordan, when he did something unusual under the supervision of an attending anesthesiologist, Dr. Chandler injected his son with a dose of sodium amol, a barbiturate. Although in popular culture, it has sometimes incorrectly been called a truth serum, it is not normal to use sodium amol to pull a tooth. In fact, it is a psychological drug with sedative and hypnotic effects. Evan Chandler, Dr. Evan Chandler, after compelling this confession from his son, literally drugging him. It's giving Harley Pastic vibes, then demanded 20 million pri $20 million privately from Michael Jackson to not make make it public.


He also took his son to a psychiatrist and made his son describe graphic details of what Jackson had done to him, but not to any of the other boys who were present as well. You know, Jordan's mother, June Schwartz thought that her ex-husband was insane and knew that he was lying. So Jordan's stepdad, the one who had initially picked up Michael Jackson, a man named David Schwartz decided to confront the biological father and secretly record him. Like, what are you doing here? Why are you doing this Here is that recording of Evan Chandler, the dentist from hell, This man is gonna be humiliated beyond belief. Yeah. He will not believe that.


He will not believe what's gonna happen. Yeah, beyond, beyond his worst nightmares. I sell one more record. This attorney I found, I mean, I interviewed several and I picked the nastiest son of a bitch. I gotta find, once I make that phone call, the sky's just gonna destroy everybody in sight. Any devious, nasty, cruel way that he can do it. And I've given him full authority to do that. It'll be a a massacre. I don't get what I want. If I go through with this, I win big time. I will get everything I want. And they will be to, they will be destroyed forever. They will be destroyed. June is gonna lose Jordy. She'll have no right to ever see him again.


Yeah, that's fact Dave, that's what's has, that's what, does that help Michael's career will be over? Does that help journey? Michael's career will be over and does that help journey? That's irrelevant to me. It's irrelevant to me whether or not my son has helped. This is about money in power. He sounds like a really nice guy. Really nice father. Even crazier update, by the way, Evan Chandler, that dad you're listening to, who started the initial allegation against Michael Jackson. Well, he was kind of suicided. I mean he committed suicide in November of 2009, five months after Michael Jackson was overdosed. Yes, Evan Chandler shot himself in the head. There were no witnesses, there was no note. He was found by his building concierge.


Okay. Now of course, you know, like I know and we all remember there were more allegations against Michael Jackson. In fact, an explosion of more allegations that came almost 10 years later in 2003. And I now need to remind you about 2003. I promise you this is all very relevant to Justin Bieber. It began for Michael Jackson in 2003 when a boy named Gavin Arviso accused Michael of child abuse saying that he was under 14 at the time of the alleged crime. The singer was then charged with seven counts of child sexual abuse. Two counts of administering an intoxicating agent. What else do you guys remember from that time?


We remember that Michael Jackson, we were told was a drug addict. That he was caught on a recording by his doctor, the doctor who would eventually mistakenly kill him alongside Diddy's security, current security. And in the recording, Michael referred to Jews as leeches. Then the media labeled him worldwide as anti-Semitic. He'd never been called that before. It was also revealed that Michael had an enemy list of which Tommy Mottola appeared. Yeah. Alongside with Rabbi Schmoley. Yes. That Rabbi Shmuley illusionist, URI Geller attorney Gloria Allred. I mean is this all coming together?


It's just all, all of these names that we're familiar with on his podcast. Also, he named the district attorney Tom Snedden and Janet Arviso, the mother of another Jackson accuser. So that's what we remember. Here's what you likely do not remember. And again, we're gonna jump back into our episode 55, take a listen. We don't remember even that Michael Jackson, despite all of those media headlines and being accused of being a pedophile, he actually won his case. Yeah. Despite 10 years of investigation, no proof was ever actually produced.


I'm gonna allow Ian Carroll, one of my favorite talkers to explain that to you. Take a listen. The FBI were investigating Jackson for 10 full years and they presented no evidence of criminal conduct on Jackson's Park. The files have been declassified and you can view them yourself. They include a raid of his home where they confiscated all electronics. This is their ID number that you'll see. We're talking computers, hard drives, cell phones where they say the amount of gigabytes. And then following our pages like this where they have the ID of the different devices and they all say nothing. Literally, they all say this, they found nothing. But that didn't stop the press from running made up stories about how secret FBI files revealed that Jackson had paid millions in hush money to dozens of boys he had abused despite the FBI files directly negating that statement.


Well, that is an absolute fact. Michael Jackson was acquitted on all counts on June 13th, 2005. But of course, despite the fact that a jury acquitted him, despite the fact that the pop star had been vindicated in a courtroom, we know that's all about the media. It's all about what the media writes. The media tells you what a person is, irrespective of whether or not they have any evidence of whether the person is in fact what they say he is. That's the power of the mainstream media. Michael Jackson himself insisted that he actually was the victim of mother and son con artists, plus a prosecutor who had a vendetta but a vendetta about what? And also can somebody explain why he decided to, at the end of his life become an antisemite, become a Jew hater?


Oh, actually, yeah. Ian Carol can explain that portion again too. Take a listen. When you look into those allegations or those insults, you realize that because of his will that was probably fake and filed right before his death. So the will was signed on July 7th in Los Angeles by three witnesses. But Jackson's family pointed out that he was in New York that day and there's video proving it. So they changed their story, but the witnesses definitely saw it and it was just in New York. So anyways, because of this Will John Bronca was put in charge of his estate, which included his net worth of 230 million. But far more importantly, his 50% share of Sony a TV worth 750 million.


Yes, he was taking on Sony. He was going after the hand that feeds him. And when you look into John Bronca in 2003, Jackson fired Bronca because he was siphoning money out of Jackson's accounts in collusion with Sony Music, CEO, Tommy Mottola, and funneling it through a bunch of offshore accounts in the Caribbean. John Bronca is Jewish and Tommy Mottola is also Jewish. Plus. Tommy Mottola married Mariah Carey partway through his life when she was a a young, young woman and he was an old man. And there are other allegations about that whole situation. You can look up on your own. Yeah. So there you have it. Michael Jackson went to war with some very powerful people and I don't know why, but I guess in his will, he wanted to leave everything to those very powerful people.


He, as Ian mentioned, went after Mottola, Tommy Mottola, very powerful person in the industry who has connections according to Vanity Fair to the mafia. Right? So we're talking about some people that could do some real harm. When you read that article, I advise you do called the the the entitled Tommy Boy to learn about his history. And really Michael Jackson was outwardly talking even about the things that Mottola had done to Mariah Carey. He referred to Tommy Mottola as the devil. Like I said, he is not the kind of person that you want to go to war with. And not only that, Michael Jackson had the courage to call out how record companies cheat their artists.


He wanted to stand up for these small guys and say, we cannot allow these sorts of things to go on anymore. Take a listen Record. Companies really, really do conspire against their artists. They steal, they cheat, they do whatever they can, especially the black artists. Sony Tommy Mottola, Tommy motto is the president of the record division. He is a mean, he's a racist and he's very, very, very devilish. That clip was from 2002, his declaration of war on the industry of people who he was alleging was intentionally stealing and selling artists short and who he no longer wanted to work out, work with because he wanted to be a free agent.


He wanted nothing to do with these people. And as Ian said, he was fighting this war privately and he was winning. At least he was winning it in the courtroom. But as I said, the courtroom doesn't dictate wins, does it? And that measure everything that he was doing was really all in vain because he's now remembered as wacko Jacko title that was created for him in the mainstream media that really hurt him. In fact, he sat down with Barbara Walters and spoke about how much that name hurt him. Take a listen. You should not say he's an animal. He's a should not say he's jacko. I'm not a jacko. I'm Jackson. I have a heart and I have feelings.


I feel that when you do that to me, it's not nice. Now I see some of you guys in the comments right now piecing it together. Why are we talking about Michael Jackson? And some of you are realizing, oh, okay. Yeah, because the press attacks about Michael Jackson were not actually done in earnest. Yeah. In fact, what was happening was he was getting power over his own life. And like me and Carol exposed was going to war with Sony and winning. And then lucky for those executives, Michael Jackson died in very mysterious circumstances when he was overdosed by accident. Oh, totally an accident. This doctor, I'm sure it was an accident. Now let's discuss what I know about Justin Bieber.


Before we do, I'm going to throw it to an appropriate sponsor because as we know, Justin Bieber and Andrea Belli, all of these people have in common tremendous talent talents that really went up against the pro-choice movement. When their parents were told to abort them, they chose to keep them.


Because when a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured to enter her child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and those around her are telling her that the baby's not life. That's where the Ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn and their network of clinics offer compassionate and loving care to mothers as well as support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. So If you consider yourself pro-life, it's time ad joinin forces. With PreBorn, together we can empower women to choose life. Empowering. The truth of motherhood transforms families and futures. One ultrasound costs just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of the lives that you helped to save. So To donate, just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash CANDACE.


Also reminding you guys about the little Catholic, because it may be time to upgrade your Catholic jewelry collection. If you love beautiful, meaningful pieces, you should check out the little Catholic, the number one place in America for handmade Catholic jewelry. Little Catholic is a family owned business creating the most stunning, ethically handmade Catholic jewelry right here in the US. From miraculous metals and sacred heart jewelry to their iconic, patented Holy Family Hearts collection, every piece is designed to last for generations crafted in sterling silver and solid 14 karat gold to reflect the beauty of our faith. What I love most about political Catholic is their commitment to ethical craftmanship. Every piece is made to be worn, daily, treasured, and passed down a constant tangible reminder of faith. With Easter coming up, this is the perfect place to find a meaningful gift. So you can head to little catholic.com and use code Candace 25 or 25% off your order. That's little catholic.com with promo code Candace 25 for handmade Catholic jewelry that lasts.


So you guys have definitely seen a similar eruption of headlines about Justin Bieber. By the way, I'm about to show you headlines just in the last 48 hours just within the Daily Mail. So let's forget everybody else. This is crazy Daily Mail last 48 hours. Here are some headlines inside Kendall and Kylie Jenner's desperate attempts to help Hailey and Justin Bieber Amid split speculation. There's another headline How Selena Gomez really felt about Hailey Bieber's decade long pursuit of Justin according to insiders as they make shocking claims about the model's tactics to snare the singer and say Selena was on to her game.


Here's another headline. Justin Bieber reacts to wife Haley hitting an event without him amid rumors of a marriage breakdown. Here's another headline. Hailey Bieber skips star studded fashion trust awards red carpet despite her VIP invite, am invite Amid rumors of strife with Hus husband Justin. Now what's going on there? Well, you're recognizing a theme. They are telling you that there's something wrong with this marriage and obviously they are being paid a hefty sum or they have a very powerful person that is insisting upon this. And by the way, we just picked those four from Daily Mail. It's ridiculous. I mean it's everywhere. And the headlines are just getting to a point where it's almost comical.


I mean there's a picture of them walking together at Disneyland and he's not smiling because nobody just walks like this and smiles as they walk down the street and they're like, look at how miserable he is in this marriage. Look at, look at how unhappy Justin Bieber is, right? And I am told that the purpose of that is that they believe that the first thing they need to do is break apart his support system. And this is a common method when you're engaging in a black propaganda can campaign. You go after the family. My my family dealt with this last year, so I'm very, very familiar with it. We had journalists that were calling trying to ask people if all of the press around me was interrupting me and my husband's relationship.


And actually it was the exact opposite. It brought us closer than we ever thought we could possibly be. Our, our marriage was already perfect and we got into another level because we knew it was us against the world. And I can tell you, you can take this all the way to the bank that Justin Bieber and Hailey Bieber are not on the rocks, they're just being attacked. Some of these attacks are paid campaigns, which you are seeing some are, are organic responses to these paid campaigns. So you have some people who are, they're being told and targeted to go after him and to go after Hailey Bieber and to make it relentless. Okay? Person that came to me was somebody who had a conscience. This is always how stories come to me is somebody that's on the inside who has a conscious and feels guilty about what they are partaking in.


And it's almost like, you know, they don't have the sacrament of confession but they feel like if they do something and they, they presented to me definitely concrete evidence of the fact that this family is going through a black propaganda campaign. I am being told unbelievably that the PR firm that is engaging in this behind the scenes, and I'm gonna say allegedly here is Stephanie Jones. PR cannot make this up. The one that is engaged in the lawsuit right now with Justin Bald, I told you about this woman a while ago having no idea that she could be attached to Justin Bieber at all. That it is her PR firm that is engaging in these concerted efforts to go after Justin Bieber.


And they're starting to realize that If you just start drumming up old beef, I mean why are they, looks like Selena Gomez has moved on, she's getting married, she's doing tons of interviews with Benny Blanco and they're all trying to make Justin Bieber believe that his wife is really a secret stalker that's ruining his life. That's the theme that's out there because they blame him getting married, going back to Christ and pursuing these things, these Christian things for them losing control. Okay? I tell you a couple more facts, what's going on with Justin Bieber? I'm told that Justin Bieber, just like Michael Jackson is engaged in a war against musical executives, except the musical executives have gotten smarter over time.


He wants out of Hollywood, he does not care about the money he wants out. It is the same war which was fought by Michael Jackson. It is the same war which was fought by yay. Okay? Remember yay going on ranch talking about these contracts, which he said were predatory contracts that artists could not get out of contracts that artists signed when they were children, that they had no idea what these things meant. For example, they have no idea that if things go bad go badly, they can't just go to the courts and resolve these issues publicly. Because if the public can see what's going on in the courts and read the lawsuits, it changes things, right? Because we can read what Ryan and Blake and Justin Baldon are saying and we go, okay, well there's a very clear winner in our imagination.


I don't care how the press tries to spin it. Well now these contracts are written so that these artists and these podcasters are forced to go into arbitration. And of course if you're a child who star who's only person looking over your shoulder is your mother who had you when you were 16 years old and you see the word arbitration, you have no idea what that, what that means, what the context of that is. It means that it's private. It means that you have to go meet and there's one person that gets to side your fate, that gets to side your fate and gets to determine one judge that gets to determine who's right and who's wrong. And of course, within LA and New York, we are learning more and more that these judges and these lawyers are, are in many times paid off, right?


That especially within Hollywood, they own everything. Okay? I am talking about the agents or in with the managers or in with the judges or in with the courtrooms. There is no way out for these artists. And I'm told that Justin Bieber is particularly being tortured in arbitration at this moment. Like I said, they want to destroy his family because it is the reason that he has had the strength to walk away. And it is they, they essentially think that Justin Bieber is not allowed to walk away from Hollywood. And the same way that Kanye was not allowed to walk away from Hollywood. And you do not understand what pressure these people go under when they try to expose these things.


They just, they it is, it is very sinister. I wanna be clear that based on everything that I am learning, First and foremost, If you are a person that knows more about what is going on behind the scenes, the person who came to me was very fearful of naming the executives that are involved similarly trying to, they control every piece of Justin Bieber's life allegedly. But I can tell you that from what I am understanding, If you are not praying for Justin Bieber, you should be, I ha I personally have serious fears for both Justin and Haley. We have seen how the story goes, they need to leave Los Angeles, they need to leave California. Full stop. I think Kanye made the right decision, albeit a bit too late, albeit after Harley Nik sent him to the hospital the first time.


But from everything that we've learned in our chaos book about how they control and even through the Diddy lawsuit, the LA Sheriff's office, the LAPD, the courtrooms, the judges, how they can create a media live. That's why that book is so important because it shows you how they can even completely lie about a murder. Okay? A series of murders as the Charles Manson murders were because they control every tear of Los Angeles. Justin needs to get out and Justin, If you are watching, I am begging you and Haley to get up and to move your your family somewhere outside of California and Los Angeles, which they completely control.


And If you guys are watching this and you have inside knowledge of this, if somebody wants to pass me court documents, I will report on it. I literally do not care. I'm over it. Like I said, evil can't win anymore. You can leak them to me, whatever it is that you have tips at Candace Owens dot com. If you are a person who liked the person who brought this story forward to me and was able to prove that they had an inside track into it, If you just have a guilty conscience, If you played a role in this and you are recognizing right about now that God ain't having it, like God is just not having it in 2025, you can share that information with you. I will protect my sources to the very end.


And you know to Justin Bieber, If you are watching this, I also want to say they can contract whatever the hell they want. But the reality is, is these Satanic type contracts mean nothing because God is the creator force and you know they can't contract talent. They actually can't contract talent if the creator force lives within you. If you are a godly person, it is the biggest lesson of my last year. And so is you can rebuild it, burn it to the ground, let them have everything start from scratch, okay? All you need is yourself.


You've proven this over and over again. A microphone and maybe a guitar. And on that note, here's a more recent clip of Justin singing the same song that he sang when he was Little Boy by Edward McCain. Mountain The Sky that We Together and dress it up with the trappings of love.


The talent is you, Justin Bieber, the fans are all of the millions of people who had their hearts won by you and your talent around the world. And If you are wanting to, as you have demonstrated, you know, lean into this next phase of your life where it's about family and it's about Christ, then know that there is absolutely nothing that can stop You just speak literally. I am begging you. Forget the contracts, violate them all. We're coming to the courtroom with you, just speak, you have the strength to do that. I'm hearing that he sees it as a calling because of what happened to Michael Jackson, because of what happened to Elvis Presley and what has happened to every person in the industry who has tried to expose what has happening in this industry, which was put together by a mafia, has been sustained by a mafia.


And is to this day still in my viewpoint, when I look around and see how things are being run, very much still being run by a mafia of sorts. I have no reason to believe that it ever stopped based on my own readings and the things that I've learned over the last couple of years. And so Justin Bieber Get Out. We are with you 100%. And that's all I'm going to say about that topic.


Reminding you guys about Seven Weeks Coffee since we've already been talking about pro-life. Justin Bieber, it's appropriate. Seven Weeks Coffee is the America's America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. They're called Seven Weeks Coffee because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $800,000 for these centers and they have saved thousands of lives. And I can tell you the coffee is fantastic, obviously extra picky about what, what I put into my body. Especially now your coffee's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown and low acid and it's organically farmed, it truly checks all the boxes. And right now when you subscribe to Seven Weeks Coffee, you'll get a free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you, whether you're traveling, working, or adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and letting the to-go bag steep for a few minutes. So head over to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save 15% forever when you subscribe, plus exclusively for my listeners, you use Code Candace, you'll get an extra 10% off your first order. It's 25% total savings on your first order. Visit Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace today.


Man, like I said, I gotta tell you, it it, it feels, I don't know, I feel optimistic, I feel good about this year. Like I just, I don't know, evil just can't win. It just keeps getting exposed quickly lies, everything just is getting exposed and I'm here for it. I am just here for it. I'm here for people that are actually talented people that wanna do good, people that want to enter in contracts because they're meaningful to them and not because they want to destroy people. At the end of it. I'm here for all those people to win and I just feel blessed that, you know, and, and also we'll 100% pray for Justin Burn his family. I just feel blessed that I was one of the people that survived one of these black propaganda campaigns of last year.


And it, it just, it feels tremendous. And on that note, you know, yesterday we were kind of speaking about this house inhabit woman, Jessica Reed Krause and she's another person that just being a liar backfired on so quickly because obviously I have no communication with anybody at Vanity Fair. And six hours ago or this morning they ran a headline exposing that she completely lied about her access to the White House. And so her petty attacks against me, against Ian Carroll, against Tucker Carlson, against people that are trying to tell the truth every single day. And if we get something wrong, we admit that we got something wrong because we're not here to lie. We're not here to be in authority. We're here to learn with people and to present to them with the evidence of what we are, what's being shared with us.


Like I don't view myself and I know Ian Carroll certainly does and Tucker Carlson as above the audience, like I genuinely feel like we are all on the same level and we just wanna know what is true and what is false. And so when you get these uppity people who like pretend like they have access and like they're like, you know, the new form of CNN, this fake independent endeavor and they just get exposed, it's wonderful Vanity Fair exposed her completely on her face, Jessica Reed Krause and it was just amazing, you know, and said that no actually the White House disputes her version of events. The headline is Jessica Reed Krause, RFK Junior fan Blogger claims to be Official Press the White House defers.


And from that article it says A White House official told Vanity Fair that there are currently 1,430 active hard passes, permanent passes of for journalists with wide ranging come and go access to the White House Krause despite crowing in a social media caption about her quote unquote first official week inducted into the White House press end quote and marveling at quote what a ride it's going to be was actually in the building on a temporary single day press pass as she ponders to followers whether she should shell out an apartment in DC for her very important new role, the White House clarifies that the pass she's clutching is for those who do not regularly cover the White House on a full-time basis.


Contacted by Vanity Fair, Krause did not answer whether she was in the building on a temporary or permanent press credentials nor whether her credential is tied to her Substack newsletter. She also did not answer whether she considers herself to be a journalist or a member of the press. So there you have it, the person who is going around attacking a bunch of people for telling the truth seems to have a very, I guess you could say tenuous relationship with the truth. It's, it's very touch and go. Also this whole idea of I'm an independent journalist, they debunked that in the article as well. They had FEC documents that show that she has accepted payments from one of Kennedy's pacs. And so again, all the accusations that were coming at me for just standing up for the moms who have gotten behind RFK Junior and are recognizing that as soon as he got to DC he's made some changes.


And we are right to have our eyebrows raised and to ask meaningful questions because we cared about this health agenda and us being gaslit by this alleged journalist who's pretending like you know, she's walking around with Trump shadowing him only to discover that it's a complete farce and that we were correction our assessment. That this is like a borderline personality trait in a housewife who is gaslighting people into following her substack purporting to have access that she certainly doesn't have. Right? And By the way, that's always a clue. People are speaking above you. Just know that that's a tremendous insecurity. Like I don't have to answer this question, sorry, BRB with President Trump.


Like that's usually an indicator that someone is tremendously insecure and probably not the greatest truth teller in the world. I'm just so tired of it. I'm tired of Hollywood, I'm tired of dc I'm tired of politicians. We just want to live in a world where people tell the truth and aspire towards goodness. So I'm gonna say that I wanna read your comments. I am dying to see what you guys think about the Michael Jackson stuff. Again, you should watch the full episode 'cause we went into everything. And again, that is episode 55. If you wanna find that on Spotify. If you wanna go back and watch it here it was episode 55 when we did a birthday tribute to Michael Jackson because I was one of the people that believed that he was guilty of something and I did not know the intricacies of all the people that came forward and how conflicted those individuals were and why they came forward and who was behind them coming forward.


And then you learn Rabbi Smoothies in the mix and you're like, eh, something's wrong here. Okay this man, ooh this man, if he's next to you, it ain't good. Okay, instant. No, no. Anyways, before we read your comments, lastly telling you about American Financing. 'cause interest rates have dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills. You know that eggs coffee you're reaching for the credit card to pay for this. If you're a homeowner, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane.


And if you're carrying a balance every month, you are stuck in an endless cycle. So break free today by calling American Financing and seeing how much you could be saving. And If you start right now, you may be even able to delay two mortgage payments. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Alright, jumping over to the comment section. You guys what be nine episodes left after today? That's it. Nine episodes. So sad. Misty writes, Cory Feldman, McCaulay Calkin spoke out in support of Michael Jackson. These two were always open about the abuse that they experience, but just randomly decided to protect Michael.


That's when I knew it was questionable accusations. Yes, McCaulay Culkin. What a blessing. That and, and Corey Feldman for them to have done that with despite all the tremendous media pressure. And then you learn about Wade Robson and what was going on with him in the background. And you realize that it was a full black propaganda campaign because they knew that that, that, that would be so shocking to them. Turnip Health writes the innocence Lost breaks my heart. I know when I was seeing that videos of him singing Justin paper singing when he was young and just like the happiness and light in his eyes and and to realize what he's going through now as they just look for every reason to pretend that he's gone mad. I mean page six even.


Do you have that Skyla? Let's even show what page six. You can tell by the words and the verbiage, right? Justin Bieber goes on wild unprovoked tirade against money hungry paparazzi. You don't care about people. They're always trying to make you think of these people are out of control. And I'm gonna show you the video because page six is dirty. They're just absolutely yucky. Yucky. These are the ones that came after me last year too. And wild. He's so crazy outta control. Here's the video of him asking the paparazzi to reasonably leave him the heck alone. Take a take a look at this video. Good morning. No, not good morning. You already know. Are you here?


You already know I just want money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Get outta here bro. Money don't care about, all you want is money. Go get outta here. All you guys want is money, money, money, money, money, money, money, money. Get outta here bro. Okay. Get outta your money. That's all you care about. Money. That's all you care about guys. What do you know is money you don't care about people. Only money. Only money. No people. You don't care about human beings. Go, go go.


And I was speaking with my PR agent Mitchell about this before and he was telling me that it was a major tell on this because the age of paparazzi's actually dead. He said, so whenever you see paparazzi swarming a place, it's because somebody called the paparazzi. And what they'll do is if they're trying to drive somebody crazy, they will have somebody following that person's every move. And then they are phoning paparazzi to go there and to get the shot because we're, we don't live in like the two thousands anymore where the paparazzi was like this tremendously lucrative business because people didn't have their smartphones videos and could just send things very quickly faster than the paparazzi should get there. So he's saying they're also intentionally following him everywhere because they're trying to trip Justin Bieber into a mental break, which is insane.


And then I found out from somebody that they did the same thing to Britney Spears even going so far as to have somebody while she was inside somewhere to pull out a piece of her car so that it wouldn't start. And so she was stuck when she was trying to turn her car on and then all the paparazzi were swarming her. And so she had this like mental breakdown. They're trying to do this Justin Bieber right now. And I feel like we have to be his prayer warriors. We have to be his warriors in the comments. When you see people that are contributing to this, trying to drive him into a psychosis, we need to be like gang gang, like a Christ gang gang. We're not allowing this to happen to him. They're not going to do to Justin Bieber what they have done to Kanye, what they have done to Brittany, what they did to Michael Jackson before.


And it, like I said, the scariest thing in the entire world would be if they somehow got him into a psych 51 50 hold. 'cause that's where they do this juujitsu type psychological Harley pastor Nick gonna give you some drugs and take you to la la land forever and play dates with your kids just won't be the same. Like that's what Harley pastor Nick said in a text message. Imagine being so bug life and knowing how protected you are that you didn't even say on a phone call. You texted it to him like he texted this. Look at this text, I'm going to help you one of a couple of ways. First, you and I sit down and have a loving and open conversation, but you don't use cuss words. And everything that is discussed is based in fact and not some crazy stuff that dumb friend of yours told you or you saw on a tweet.


Second option, I have you institutionalized again where they medicate the crap out of you and you go back to zombie land forever. Play date with the kids just won't be the same totally regular gym trainer there guys. That's just me and my gym trainer. Me and my Pilates teacher doing what we do, said nobody ever was sent to Kanye. And that's why I'll never turn my back on him. 'cause I know, I know how evil Hollywood is and I'm excited for those of you that are in the book club that were reading Hollywood Babylon Next because that's the origins of Hollywood story. And many of you guys have messaged me and said CANDACE, you know the author of this kind of anger, he's dead. Yes. But he was a satanist and he was in, yes, I'm aware of all those things. He was in the club, that's why his book is more relevant.


So I'm not promoting him. And we will talk about him. Our next meet I think is on Tuesday. We will talk about him and his background. And yes, he was into the occult and he produced a satanic occult type movies. I know all of those things, but that's why he knew it. That's why he knew what was happening in Hollywood. And that's why it's important for us to learn that because he's not, the book is not him trying to indoctrinate us into it. He's just kind of going, this is, this is how we built Hollywood. It's insane. It's totally crazy. This next person writes, as Christians we are called to cast out demons in Jesus' name. Let us all pray right now via chat. We rebuke all workings of the enemy working to destroy Justin be and his family in in Jesus' name, amen.


SJL writes, people linked to the Kardashian clan always get taken down. I'll never forget Chris Humphreys. Kanye, the list goes on. You know when Kanye was like really in it and burning everything to the ground and saying he wanted to be free. And what came with that was like a lot of paranoia. And he was at my house and he was like calling me an op. And I, I, I was so green in terms of this stuff, I did not know what he was talking about. 'cause didn didn't grow up in Hollywood. I don't know, I, and now if he had said it to me, I would've been like, okay, now I get his paranoia of thinking why everyone is an op. He's like, you're, you're probably an op. And I was like, yay, what are you talking about? Like literally what you talking about. And now that I know what I know, some of the stuff that he said to me about the Kardashian family runs in into the back of my head and makes me think that there is some more research that I need to do.


Sky blue rights. Will you be looking into the Idaho four case? Yes. I know this is off topic, but I can't believe what I'm seeing. Your perspective would be valuable. Yep. I have done probably thus far, six hours of research. It is very scary. Potential military operation. I don't know. I know that I have never believed the official story that was given to us. None of it made any sense. And I am wondering if more people were involved. I didn't immediately go deep down the rabbit hole of that story despite expressing my views publicly that I thought something was very wrong and something was very sinister because there were students involved and I just felt like it was more appropriate to allow those families to mourn. But now that some time has passed and of course still understanding that you are still going to be in mourning over that, we do need to get to the truth of that because it happened on a college campus and the media was not honest about other elements of this case.


And I think that, yeah, I think there something very dark happened there and that the government is trying to cover a lot of it up, which is evident by how much they're locking down in the court cases alone. Astra Luna writes, Hey Candace, would you ever do a deep dive into Alex Jones's Sham trials? Also, you should investigate the deaths of Chester Bennington and Chris Cornell, my producer is telling me, Chris Cornell was the lead singer of Sound Garden and Chester Bennington was the lead singer of Lincoln Park, both died by suicide, by hanging. Yeah, like I told you, I had an interesting, oh, I, I think I told the book club. I had an interesting conversation with Courtney Love and she knows a lot. I'll just leave that at that. Maybe her and I will sit down and discuss all the things that she knows.


Victoria PW writes, Candace will miss you when you're on the return leave. Will Ian Carroll be replacing you? When will you be back? Look into the Luigi, me and Gioni case. Okay. Yes, we are looking at Ian Carroll replacing me beginning the second week of May, and he will do three days a week at first, so we don't completely overwhelm him. Hopefully I'll be able to pop in and do some joint episodes with him. But yeah, I think he's the perfect person to replace me because I realize we're in, we're interested in all the same topics and I just think that that's a great way to carry it on and to get people thinking. So we will do that. And lastly, Luke Kaley says, thank you CANDACE, for ensuring that we stay informed with the facts. That's what I'm here for. And you know why?


Because I know that eventually if we start sharing the truth, it becomes a game of Whack-a-mole. So they can't deal with all of us when we all become truth warriors, they're done. And so people, oh, cancer, you fearful. Obviously I understand how sinister and evil these people are. I'm the one telling you guys what books to read to understand just how deep this stuff is and twisted in a cult. It all is. But you know, we have to have faith and I have faith and I know the power of truth when it's spoken instantly to, and like Ian said on our joint episode, lies have to be repeated, repeated, repeated over and over again to be believed. Hence, the heavy inundation from the headlines. He's pedophile, he's pedophile, P pedophile must be going crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy, crazy.


It's like, you know his marriage is bad, blah bad. And you hear the truth. You hear one time you watch this episode and you go, I know what I'm looking at. I don't have to do a thousand episodes to tell you that Justin Bieber's under attack a spiritual attack right now. You know that what I'm telling you is true on the basis of this episode. That is how the truth hits when it's up against the lie. It's no match. A lie is no match for the truth, even though the truth sometimes takes a little longer to get out there. Lastly, guys, reminding you that we have website Merch. Obviously If you wanna support the show, I'm wearing a hoodie sweatshirt, actually, crew Neck, but we do have our Make Him a sandwich t-shirt. Now that's up some darker colors. We have our hats that are back up. You guys are loving the anti-feminist line.


And so we have restocked everything 'cause things sold out, which I'm really excited about. And again, next Book Club, we'll be starting the introduction to Hollywood Babylon, wrapping up, chaos, starting the introduction to Hollywood Babylon. Perfect time to tie it in with Justin Bieber and everything that we've been discussing. Super excited. We will see you Tuesday, April 15th for that. So next is coming Tuesday. All Right, guys. Love you forever. And we won't see you tomorrow 'cause I'm taking Fridays off to just be a pregnant person. We will see you on Monday.