
Alright guys. Looks like we are a lot doing, again, like I said, a very informal live stream tonight because I'm in London, I've been unbelievably sick. Like I still have not gotten over the sickness where I had no voice. Now all my kids are sick, but I have just been inundated this week obviously for a lot of reasons. First and foremost, our USS Liberty episode dropped, which was super exciting for a lot of reasons. We worked on that for weeks. As you can see, we put together this like editorial package and I'm gonna talk about that and let You know what went on behind the scenes. But for it to become a global trend and to start a much needed conversation makes me so proud. Also, at the exact same time, obviously Brett Cooper has announced her exit from a Daily Wire after a lot of innuendos. We're gonna discuss that.


And also I had a conversation with Lily Phillips who is that British girl who is trying to beat the world record Guinness Book of World record for sleeping with the most men in one day and she's going for 1000 men. So we'll jump right into it. Let's start with the Brett Cooper exit. Obviously you guys have been inundating me. Oh my gosh, Candace, what's going on? What's your take? Listen, just from the very beginning, obviously everyone kind of knows the backstory.


Last couple of weeks there's just been some rumors floating around. Some people thought the rumors were ridiculous that she was leaving. Other people were saying that there was a lot of friction that was happening in the background at the Daily Wire. What we know for a fact is that B Brett Cooper did in fact announce her exit from the Daily Wire on Tuesday while I was on a plane over to London. I had no wifi So I landed and it was just an explosion of text messages. And you know, I think because the exit came after there were so many rumors floating, people then assumed that all of the rumors were true. There were rumors that her best friend or former or not former, her maid of honor in her wedding, which is true obviously Reagan Conrad would be taking over her show.


And people were trying to deduce whether or not that meant that there was a lot of drama in the background. The Spectator did a summary, they're obviously quite respected and they went through and clawed through all of the internet innuendo and noticed some things. Obviously one big thing that has been noticed on the internet is that Brett seems to have deleted all of the photos that she had of her and her maid of honor from her profile. So that obviously signals to people that maybe some of that innuendo is true. And then the other aspect, which I was not even aware of until I read this article, a Spectator, was that apparently there was some movement, this is such a Gen Z thing, but I guess they were commenting on all of Brett's posts or something and telling her to wear blue and on her last day if she's not allowed to talk about what happened and then she wore blue.


So who knows if she wore blue because it's a, it's a normal color to wear and I wear blue probably twice a week or if she was trying to signal something. Anyways, the long conclusion of this is as far as separations go, it appears to be as amicable as it can be. She made the announcement, it was quite sad. She did seem like she was upset in it and then it kind of cut to Jeremy boring, the CEO, he said nice things about her and unless she wants to contribute something else or he wants to contribute something else, I don't think there's any reason to look further into it because everybody is moving on in their lives. And that gets into the next point. Everyone's like what will happen to Brett Cooper? Brett Cooper is going to be absolutely fine.


I mean beyond fine frankly by the time I hit the ground I must have had, and I am not kidding, 25 messages from people from all walks of my life asking me can I have a contact to Brett Cooper. I'm talking about people that wanna do her book, people that wanna sign her for a show, people that want her sign her for speeches. And I think she should have been doing all of that stuff in the last couple of years, like striking while the iron is hot and she hasn't really been doing much. She's obviously it's a five day a week show Daily Wire. So I'm sure that's because she was really consumed dedicated to that and there hasn't really been an answer on the Snow White project, but it looks like maybe that's not happening. So she now has a considerable amount of time to do what I think young people that are getting into this space should do, which is what I did.


I obviously was with Turning Point USAI had a very loose contract So I did everything, I mean from speeches to Fox News hits to my book, just trying to, while I had all the energy before I was married and had kids just trying to really strike why the iron was hot. And I learned so much in those years. And so Brett is so young, she's 22 years old, she's now gonna be able to do everything and like I said, it was a, it was trending here in London that she left a daily wire. So for someone that young to have gained 4.5 million subscribers on YouTube, in a co, in a YouTube in a couple of years and to become a global trend when she leaves her job, kudos to you Brett Cooper, that's absolutely amazing And I can just tell you from working with her, she's fantastic.


She's absolutely fantastic, she's brilliant. I think Matt Walsh issued a statement about how much hed adored working with her, always had a great experience, experience working with her. Obviously Michael, we all were in the office every day and no one is concerned that like Brett Cooper is not going to be okay. She's gonna have to sit down and decide what it is she wants to do. The hardest part for her is going to be how to focus. I mean Creative Director is working out for me. We can do this for her, we can do this, blah blah blah. We'll run her ads, advertisers reaching out to me. So if Brett Cooper is suffering, it is probably right now from too many options. To be honest, I haven't even had time 'cause I've been sick with my kids to send her all the messages that I've been getting. And So I also wanted to include for you guys, it's in the link here.


If you look in in the comments section, we're gonna pin it. Her new YouTube channel, obviously she's going to have to rebuild her YouTube channel. The assets belong to the Daily Wire. Similarly, when I left, that's not really exactly scandalous, that is what they're investing in, which is essentially, you know, we're putting money behind you, we're gonna grow your channel and you know we're gonna keep your channel when you leave. So she's starting from scratch, not a big deal at all. I was starting from scratch, got my channel up, I think we're at like 3.3 million subscribers and we did it in under five months. So anyway, support, support independent creators again used the link that is below. But the broader conversation that's gonna be really interesting and I think this is like, again it's broader so it's not even specifically about Daily Wire, but people are kind of debating, you know, if this is what a Daily Wire is doing and it looks like it perhaps is, and if I'm speaking wrongly here, we're gonna find out shortly obviously.


But if we are having this former or this made of honor take over her show, is that going to work? And that is really interesting because you know, podcasting is a unique space, it is very personal, it's a new medium. When podcasting exploded, I think largely we can attribute that to Joe Rogan. Obviously Daily Wire was one of the first companies to sort of try to carve out the space of podcasting and say we're gonna, you know, we're gonna house a bunch of podcasters, I would save a daily wire and the Blaze kind of hit the ground running and I think that nobody has really stopped to consider can you just do that like late night tv? Can you do that like the view where you can just keep swapping hosts and go, okay well now it's gonna be the comment section with someone else.


Is the audience going to like that or is the audience going to reject that? Now if I am just guessing, if this is my company and I'm running it, I'm going, no, I think, I think podcasting is too personal. I think people sign up for a YouTube channel because they're signing up for that person. It remains to be seen. Obviously they haven't done this yet. This will be an experiment for them. But I do think it starts a conversation about what it says about both Brett and a Daily Wire. If they do do it, like I think if I am instructing what I would do, I would just create an entirely new show if they're gonna bring in new talent. Otherwise it kind of feels like okay well is this just all scripted? Is that the real Brett Cooper, did she just train to do this show?


And that's not actually her personality. I'm asking these questions, I know the answer to this. Obviously it is her personality that is very much Brett's personality. Behind the scenes is how she talks. She's very bubbly and very excited. So I don't know if that's like the message that you wanna send that we can just like train someone else like a monkey to do the exact same thing rather than just create a whole new show around somebody else. Again, these are lingering questions. Do we treat it like a late night TV host that we're swapping or do we consider this like, you know, a recording artist? Like you can't just be like, Hey Taylor Swifty wrote all your songs now we're just gonna swap you. Fuck a Taylor Swift lookalike and like see if she can just do the exact same thing. I think, I think it's personality driven but again, these are the questions that a lot of people are asking.


And I will say this, we've had finally a turn of events where people stopped attacking me. The media, I'm speaking about obviously for months and they've been genuinely curious about the success of our new show. And there was a particular article that Slate wrote that I found to be quite interesting. It was like, I think Slate did an article on us, LA Times did an article on us, the Washington Post did an article on us trying to figure out like what the secret ingredient is. And Slate had suggested that in the Joe Rogan podcast economy as they were describing it, authenticity is what sells. And I very much agree with that. I think you have to be yourself like e, even if I was subbing in for a Brett Cooper or a Matt Walsh, it would be very strange if I was on Matt Walsh show and I was just talking like this and doing the Matt Walsh voice, I would just be Candace 'cause this is like my personality and it would work because people are like, that's CANDACE and that's who I have come to trust.


But again, all of that is up for debate. We'll see what happens. Like I said, as amicable as a split, even though internet slews have noticed some things, I think it was handled professionally. I think both of them said nice things about each other and everyone, like I said, just look out for Brett Cooper because this is gonna be, I think she's gonna explode in 2025 because she is a tremendous multifaceted talent. The last thing I do wanna say, this was a one thing that I do know the answer to and it was kind of driving me crazy. Brett Cooper is not pregnant. There are all these people that were like, oh I think she just like is pregnant and must start a family. And like, there's a couple of reasons I think that rumor reflects poorly on both sides.


It suggests that the Daily Wire gets rid of you be if you're pregnant. And that is not the case obviously I had three kids at the Daily Wire, so Brett Cooper wanted to get pregnant and have a family. She would be very much allowed to stay at the Daily Wire. And yeah, I, I just think that was like poor messaging. Also, she's super young, she's got a a, a lot of gas left into the tank. So no she's not pregnant and like doing this because she wants to go farm. She's gonna be everywhere in 2025. So we just want to wish her a lot of luck. Or I'm gonna read a quick ad 'cause I do wanna also now speak about the USS Liberty because people, like I said, so much innuendo were trying to attach my personal message what was happening with Brett.


We pre-shop that episode so long ago. It was always slated to go out on the day that it went out. So, But anyways, first I do wanna throw it to one of our sponsors and that is going to first up PreBorn of course because we know that every baby's life is a precious gift full of potential and dreams waiting to unfold. That's why PreBorn nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies. PreBorn network clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources that they need to save these precious babies' lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth at absolutely no cost. As abortion continues to rise, PreBorn is expanding their life affirming care to help more hurting women and to save more babies.


And If you have the means, please consider a leadership gift to save babies in a big way. Your tax acceptable donation of 15,000 will place an ultrasound machine in a women's center saving countless lives for years to come. And now through a match program, your gift will be doubled, donate you just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Okay, so backstory to Liberty, the Ussliberty episode. A lot of people were asking why did I name it a personal message? Well it is simply a fact that you cannot discuss certain topics on YouTube, on TikTok without them being severely suppressed. And the Ussliberty is one of these topics.


So the backstory of this is I had never known the Ussliberty story and you can see that I am not the only one given the global reaction that people had to learning the story about this, I learned about it a few months ago, came across Phil attorney and his letter and really fell apart. I mean just the concept of our military men being treated like that was really devastating to me. But then I couldn't get in contact with him. I was like emailing the Ussliberty website for months. We were emailing them just trying to get in touch, just trying to get any survivor to come on and we weren't hearing a response. So I then hit up Jocko Willink because someone had pointed out to me that Jocko Willink had the USS Liberty survivors on his podcast.


And I really just want to shout him out for that because even though my episode became a globe and trending topic, there were people that had pioneered that and had really done the brave thing and had been speaking to these people before me. And Jocko Willink was that individual. And I had had Jocko Willink on my podcast when I was at PR university. And So I reached out to him and I was like, Hey, do you have a contact for any of these guys? And he gave me multiple contacts, spoke to Phil turning that day on the phone when we recorded him. All I can tell you is like you could just feel the Holy Spirit moving in that room. It was really hard for my team to keep it together. And I've got three guys on my team and I think all of them wanted to cry, particularly when he tells the portion of the story where after the, or during the attacks and they're actually after the attacks when they're trying to rescue as many lives as possible.


And you just a vision. He's 20 years old, he's 20 years old and he has someone looking up at him asking him, am I going to die? And he looks at him and says, yeah, they're gonna die. Truly just a remarkable, remarkable story. And it completely gave me chills. I knew we, he and I had a discussion thereafter about the fact that we just knew that Christ was with, with us in that room. I knew the episode was going to be big and I wanted to do whatever I could in my power to make sure that it wasn't limited in the same way that TikTok has limited it. If you go on my TikTok right now, every video has like millions of views, hundred thousands of views. The Ussliberty clips 30,000 views, they, they suppress this information and the Isra Israeli government took credit for that.


They said we got TikTok under control. We have Instagram and Facebook under control. We are looking now to get X under control. And so that's one of the reasons that you can't hear these stories and they can't share them. So I said on that day, let's not name it USS Liberty, let's name it something that will completely throw off their algorithms. And I thought a personal message was a good idea and clearly I was right. It threw off their algorithms, it had gone viral. And this was partly aided, bizarrely by the fact that some people thought that I was gonna be announcing that Brett Cooper and I were working together. I'd love to work with her. But that was clearly not the announcement. And so we slated it for December 11th and God did the rest really. And I can tell you that Phil Tierney has told me they are receiving so many donations right now.


When my husband and I went through their charity and saw that these men weren't giving any money, you can go, 'cause obviously all that stuff is public. I mean they were raising no money annually. No one would tell their stories. Everybody is afraid of the Zionist lobby. And I, it just broke my heart. I was like, these men deserve to be treated like kings and he's at the tail end of his life. You know, he's, he's about to be 80 years old and all he has done is dedicated his life to trying to be recognized for being a hero. It just broke me. And I feel very blessed and certain that God gave me the platform to be able to do these sorts of things. And the spot that I have in my heart for our veterans who risked their lives every day to hear him talk, speak about how they didn't know where they were going.


They just knew they were going to defend their friend and their ally only to be attacked by them. Obviously leading to a much broader conversation we have as someone in the chat just pointed out 3 million views right now and climbing in a period of 48 hours as it put a target on my back. Sure. But I would say upon reflection that Phil Turney gave me the perspective that I needed because it's very easy to feel woe is me when I felt like I was dealing with the Zionist attack, not a literal one, a, a media attack trying to destroy my character, trying to destroy my career because I wasn't siding with the actions of a foreign government and they, they tried to pretend that it was antisemitism when I'm just telling the truth about what I'm seeing and to hear what he lived through to hear having to pull up your shipmates, then being threatened by your own government, they left you out to die for 17 hours just hoping that your ship would sink overnight.


What I lived through was absolutely nothing. And I am just so grateful to Phil Herney for providing me with that perspective. I already gave as that you saw me pledge in the episode $40,000. I'm gonna do that every single year and I'm hoping to do more. I was saying to my husband, I want this to be my charity of choice. I think that we should sell those amazing USS liberty hats and give a portion of the proceeds after we obviously have to deal with like shipping and all that stuff, giving a portion of the proceeds every year to the remaining survivors. And so I'm just very grateful to all of you and we have been inundated obviously with so many emails from people saying, I never knew, I never knew. There's so much of that, particularly when it comes to the topic of Israel.


And the second you start to know, the second you begin to ask, ask questions about things, their entire media empire, I call it like the Laco party empire just comes down and crushes you and calls you as he said, we've been called Jew haters, we have been called anti-Semite and we have been called Nazis. And our only crime is that we survives that day. You you unimaginable unfathomable. So I do wanna remind you guys, If you haven't taken the time out, please go visit the ussliberty vets.org website, give a dollar, whatever it is. I just, I want these men to live like kings for the rest of their lives and hopefully people with even bigger platforms than me will pick up the story. I will always host them on the anniversary of that attack and make sure that we just keep that in our mind.


And by the way, for those of you, one of you would ask in the comments like why did they do this? Because they wanted us to go to war with Egypt. And you know, people often make the argument that Israel is the size of New Jersey. Yeah, that's the whole point. They need bodies, they need people that are going to go fight their wars. And it, there's no question that this false flag and for people that don't think it was a false flag, that's not the only one that Israel did around that time trying to drag us into war with Egypt. You should look up the Lavo affair, I'll spell that for you. L-A-V-O-N affair, that is another one that is swept under the rug in which they tried to kill Americans to drag, drag us into a war with Egypt. It's happened so many times and no one is allowed to speak about it because we are just told that these are our friends, these are our allies and you know, with friends and allies like this who needs enemies.


So I'm just happy that we were able to foster that conversation. And also we broke through this wall with so many Jewish Americans emailing us and saying, CANDACE, I'm so sorry. Like I didn't, you know, this story has completely ripped me apart. And I just said back to them, yeah, this is what I've been trying to say. Like the government is up to no good And the fact that we're not even covering in the western media, the corruption trial of BB Nya that is going on right now as it pertains to October 7th, the amount of times that they have been accused of executing these false five attacks and then blaming it on Arabs in the past, A part of record and history that you guys don't even know about really tells you that I, our media is completely occupied and that's in large part due in my opinion, to APAC spending.


They spent a hundred million dollars in our last election cycle. That's completely crazy. And it was something that JFK Jr was trying to stop in the weeks leading up to his death. He was demanding that they register as foreign agents and they never did. They just, they ignored his orders, which came from the State Department and then he was unli and that kind of went away. He was also adamantly opposed them becoming armed with nuclear arms because Dwight d Eisenhower warned him on the way up that they were trying to go nuclear. Most Americans don't know this. And then LBJ becomes president, his aunt, I think her name is like Jesse James something was a, a member of a Zionist Congress and suddenly he undoes everything that JFK was fighting against or or rather does everything that JFK was fighting against.


So we just need to be able to have these truthful conversations without these petty smears of antisemitism. Like being a Jewish American does not make you responsible for the crimes of a foreign state. And when they're allowed to murder us servicemen and not even have to say sorry, it doesn't like for me pass the sniff test. So we're doing a lot more work kind of waking people up to everything that really happened through the fifties and the sixties and the seventies that has since been covered up. I'm just very happy, again blessed that this interview has done so well and I know that that is in large part due to just Christ and the feeling that they, he was, that the Holy Spirit was just really with me and Phil turn on the day that we recorded that interview.


Okay, going to jump into another pro-life ad here, reminding you guys about Seven Weeks Coffee. Today's show is also sponsored by Seven Weeks Coffee. Why are they called seven weeks? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. It's the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That is why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over half a million dollars for these centers and they have sage therefore over 5,000 lives. And I can tell you about the coffee really quickly because I'm very picky about what I put in my body. It's mold-free, pesticide free shade grown low acid and is organically farmed So it truly checks all of the boxes just in time for the holiday season. Seven Weeks Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. You can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order and new limited edition coffees.


Whether you're looking for stocking sufferers or the perfect roast, Seven Weeks Coffee has you covered this Christmas season exclusively For my listeners, you can go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace for up to 25% off your order. Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the United States. Okay, gotta tell you about my conversation. So this girl has been trending. I am sure you've heard about her, but in case you haven't, I'll give you a a brief update. Her name is Lily Phillips and she is extremely young. Skylar, how young is she? She had be like 23 years old. She's 23 years old and obviously the OnlyFans market is somewhat saturated now.


And so if you're really gonna break through as an OnlyFans model, you're gonna have to do something really ridiculous. And she has decided that she is going to sleep with 1000 men in 24 hours to break the Guinness Book of World record, which was previously held by some Polish girl who slept with approximately 917 men in one day. Obviously this is utterly demonic and people have been outraged also to learn that her mother is working with her like her mother handles the finance, the finance portion of her OnlyFans account. And so just spiritually to think about and she's, and she's presenting herself to the public should interview with the Daily Mail and she's like, I come from a, you know, a stable household.


My mother loves me, like my father loves me and she's trying to pretend like I'm just a regular girl who wants to r kid this his book of world record. So I got contacted by Steiny, you know Steiny of the Milk Boys podcast and he said, listen, like I'm about to have this girl on my show, would you wanna have a conversation with her? And I said yes. I said yes, not because I thought that I was going to change her mind but because I knew that having a conservative and a spiritual conversation with her is important for the young girls that are following her thinking that what she's doing is making her happy. So she did this test run before I spoke with her just a couple days before I spoke with her and she slept with 100 men in 24 hours just to see if she could get to a hundred.


You should go pursue the clip, be careful 'cause a lot of clips are gling of her. You may accidentally land up on porn, which is what I did. But I tried to find it on YouTube, on on Twitter rather. I can't believe X has so much pornography. But essentially she comes outta the room. It's exactly what you imagine. And they start asking her questions like, how was it, how was it? Because she's swimming a documentary to go along with this to maximize the money she makes. And she quite literally broke down crying like, you you the mask slipped. And she said, I'm sorry I'm overwhelmed. It felt like robotic and I'm just overwhelmed. And yeah, because there's a hundred men that are ushering in there and they were pressuring her like you promised I'd get three minutes, whatever it was, it was so heartbreaking to watch.


Fast forward a couple of days, I'm talking to her and she's back to trying to make it seem like she doesn't care. And So I just called her out on that. Like I, we were completely respectful. There was no reason for me to be derogatory towards her. I know that, that a lot of people feel very passionate and, but I just basically said to her, this is a facade and I'm aware of it. It's a facade because I had Amber Rose in my podcast and speaking to her about the sex industry, speaking to her about what it took for her to pretend to be competent because she said the reason why these only female models pretend that it doesn't bother them and that doesn't disrupt their spirit is because the men wanna believe you're into it. Right? So if you're trying to make money and you're trying to sell a package on OnlyFans, you're like, I'm into a thousand guys going through me in one day.


They don't wanna see you crying, they don't wanna see you distress. 'cause then it kind of takes away from their fantasy. And I called her out on that. I said, you're, I get that you're creating a fantasy, you're doing this. Obviously we, I'm not, I'm not gonna ask you patronizing questions, you're clearly doing this for money. If Ford models knocked on your door and said I like to give you a $50 million contract for modeling, you wouldn't be doing this plain and simple. 'cause she tried to then say, oh no, like I, I actually really like doing like I I like this. She's like, I was already sleeping with Aton of guys for free. This is like, this is my thing. So dishonest again because she has to sell this fantasy to the men that are signing up to her only fans that she's into it. And because she had this moment where she broke after slept up 100 guys, I just wanna say like for the guys that are signing up, the 1000 men that are signing up to sleep with her in 24 hours, like I view you as sexual predators.


Like now you know, you saw the breakdown, you saw the real her, the mask slipped and If you are signing up to do that, it's because you're a pervert. There's really no other, there's no nothing else. Say she's a young girl and she just wants money and you're willing to violate a woman and be one of a thousand men to do it in one day for what? Because of pornography, because of sex addiction, because of all of the ills that we are suffering from and because of the fact that prostitution is the oldest trait in the book, that is why she's participating in this. She even spoke to the fact that like her life was made better and she owed it to her fans. You know, she's got a little bit of money. Somebody I think made an estimate online that she makes like $2 million a year and I told her $2 million a year.


And you're gonna reflect on this, how it's gonna impact your children If you have them. Like imagine going to school as a child and you have the mother who everyone knows slept with 1000 men in one day just to like do the math on that. She's going to have to sleep with one man every 86 seconds for 24 hours straight. And that's gonna have to by the way include bathroom breaks. Again, I don't wanna think about, imagine how that works. She's not gonna be able to eat. Maybe she is gonna eat, I don't know. But it is, yeah it is really truly a sign of just demonic possession total. Like you know, you are possessed by a devil and it is telling you to put money ahead of your entire future.


I get that you, you like the attention that you're getting for all of this, but it's just really sad to see what women have become in today's society. Lastly, society asked me if I would ever go out and grab like a drink with her or you know, be a friend to her. And I said no, my time is precious. She's not a person that's trying to change around her life. It's different if she's like Yeah I live this lifestyle and I like really wanna come out of it. There's no value in that exchange for me. You know, it's just a mom of three. And I was very clear to her that her mother was abusive. I was very clear to her that her mother partaking in this, she her mother clearly does not love her. And there was like, it is, as someone who has sons and has daughters, I actually do not have the vocabulary to express what sort of a parent you would have to be to support that.


And she says that both her mother and her father support her. So anyways, definitely look out for that interview. I think you guys will find it to be very fascinating. And like I said, she was very sweet. There's for me, I don't see a reason, I just don't see a reason for her to be doing this or choosing this path outside of money and that really is the only reason that she is doing it. Okay, now just to give you a last ad, I wanna throw it to our sponsors at American Financing 'cause I know there are so many people that are feeling stressed about giving your family member holiday. You're not alone because the prices are higher than ever and a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards now it's the perfect time of taking control of your finances and pay off that debt.


If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and start saving their customers. Save $800 a month on average. So just imagine what that could mean for your family. Plus If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season. Wouldn't it be nice to start off New year without that debt and those monthly minimum payment to cost nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Holidays are going to be here before you know it. So call one of American Financing salary based mortgage consultants today. Call now at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10 or business American Financing. Do net slash Owens, that's American Financing Do net slash Owens. Alright, Right guys also wanted to speak about New Zealand. I've I've had a great week despite being sick.


Everything externally has been amazing. The last piece of this was news broke that New Zealand overturned my visa ban and I haven't been able to respond to that either. So just to give you the backstory, a minister of immigration in Australia before I had even applied was lobbied by the Zionist Federation of Australia to deny my visa when they found out that I had a speaking tour. Now to be clear, I did not even apply for my visa yet. And because he was lobbied and they made up things that I never said. One thing being that I said that Judaism was a pedophilic centric religion, which is absolute nonsense. I am a Christian. The Appendant two, the first five books in the Bible are the Torah.


So it was, it was just nonsense. It's made up stuff, made up quotes, made up articles. But he came out and outright said like I'm gonna banner before he, before he got my application. And so what happened with New Zealand, the people that were celebrating like New Zealand ban, that process was actually automatic and it essentially they share a system on the backend. So if somebody gets banned from Australia, they automatically get banned from New Zealand. So for example, the Novak joke of it, remember he notoriously got banned and get got declined to visa from Australia because of they were like covid monsters. And it was crazy because he refused to get the vaccine and put something in his body he didn't feel comfortable with. Well that would've meant that had he have applied for AVS at the same time in New Zealand, he automatically would have been denied.


So, but then happened was once that automatic denial took place, the New Zealand government does not clearly does not agree with the radicalism of the Australian government right now they said we didn't even know if this happened. And their immigration minister, which I wanna say his name is Chris Pink, I wanna get that right actually If you just bear with me, I do wanna just thank him Minister, it's Chris pe. Okay, perfect. Chris Penn basically said we're reversing this ban. We believe in free speech. I also do want to shout out the New Zealand Free Speech Union because before, as soon as they found out that it happened, it was announced, they had contacted us, we're like, we are going to take up your case and take it through the court system.


And so that's amazing. Like thank you to the Free Speech Union of New Zealand for doing that. It ends up not even being necessary because like I said, new Zealand's government is not inching close to totalitarianism as Australians government seems to be on the Australian front. I wanted to let you guys know we are taking our case to the high court. I feel like we have a very strong case, especially given the fact that Tony Burke blew through every protocol. First and foremost, denying someone publicly before you even receive their application, the application process is supposed to be private by even telling people that I had not applied for a visa, that he was waiting for my application so he could just simply deny it unilaterally. All seems well, I would just say pretty totalitarian and I would just hope that the courts see that I feel good about it.


Obviously we are going to respect this process of the high court of Australia and keep you guys posted but our dates for New Zealand and Australia have been postponed next year, end of February. And I'm super, super, super, super excited and I was really bummed by the way about the New Zealand banning because so many people told me that it is just so a beautiful country and I have never had an excuse to make it out there. And I'm also a lord of the Rings stand. I just, I had to get out there. So I am very pleased with this result and I will obviously, like I said, keep all of you guys posted on that process. Okay, last thing that I wanna mention here. In terms of things that are happening this week, which just totally crazy, the FBI obviously now on its way out, Chris Ray just says, okay, I'm resigning, I'm done.


And now they're admitting that this conspiracy theory which they held onto forever accusing the right of being conspiracy theorists, they are now owning the fact that they had 26 FBI informants. So these were not members of the FBI, they were like civilian informants on the ground on the day of January 6th, something we had been saying forever. Forever very clearly we knew that there were people on the ground that were goading people to go into the capitol building. There were so much footage And so much proof of that and they essentially, when asked under oath were like, we can't comment on this situation. Whatever it is. Well I guess these civilian informants, they're now admitting because they realize that Trump is about to get in, they're gonna examine all of these things were on the ground and it is very likely, by very likely, I mean 100% take it to the bank that they use these people on the ground.


People like RAs who Was like, we should just storm the capitol, we should just storm the Capitol. And then were able to kind of lie publicly by saying, well there was, there was no FBI people on the ground, these were just civilian informants, extremely messy. The level of gaslighting that they put us through. The fact that they put grandmas in prison for quite literally walking around the capitol building. If you have not gone back and seen all the amazing work that Tucker Carlson did to expose what happened that day, please go and look into it. The FBI have been held onto all the footage and only showed snippets very much in the form of what they did with the George Floyd thing. Never showed the full arrest video 'cause they wanted the public to be outraged and to think that it was like this tremendous revolutionary uprising and making you think that police officers were battered and killed all of these things with time wound up being debunked and it looks like this was a full fed operation.


So just keep your eyes on that. Obviously Trump has already indicated that he plans to vindicate all of these people, pardon? Every single January 6th prisoner. I think he should part of them no matter what the offense was because the truist offense is knowing that they were goaded by the FBI and they're already trying to spin it. Like we're just like, no, these are civilian informants. So technically it's not the FBI, it's like, I don't know, it's just, it's really enraging, it's just enraging what the Democrats have done. And further to that point, like Biden, I'll get into that on Monday, but like the pardons that Biden is issuing, it's like he's issuing pardons for people that had child porn, like extensive child infant porn.


He issued a pardon for one individual. We gotta talk about that next week. It's absolutely wild given the context of Ashley Biden's diary, which the FBI swooped in and tried to say was Russian misinformation, then acknowledged that it was real and she wrote Diary Ries about the fact that her father took showers with her that she says sexualized her when she was young. I mean it's all coming down in Democrat land right now and like I said, we're gonna pivot and speak about all those things at the beginning of next week. I just kind of wanna jump on this live stream and just do I just a, a wrap up because it's just been an amazing week and I'm just so proud of this show and proud of everything that we have accomplished. I'm thankful to all of you guys who have just been on this journey with us. Also should mention my episode with my husband yesterday, just crossed a million views in less than 24 hours as well.


It, it was really hard for me to book him 'cause he's so English and he just does not like to speak and does not dabble on anybody. He doesn't even have social media accounts. He's extremely private. But I, I thought it was very much time to introduce you guys to my better half. And I loved how much you guys loved and enjoyed that conversation. I guess it's gonna be another six years that I can book him. Anyways, we are here in London for Christmas and we will be, I'll have a full week of shows for you next week. That'll be really fun. You know, keep up the festive spirit and thank you guys so much for just always investing in our content. Go support the Ussliberty vets, they're amazing. They deserve every bit of your support and we're gonna do so many more episodes like that that are just heavy hitting to show you guys about all the things that the government is lying to you about.


'cause they've been doing this for a very long time. All Right guys, I would read your comments, but the chat is moving pretty quickly, so I'm just going to shut it down now at 37 minutes and we will see you guys on Monday.