0 (0s):
Alright guys, unbelievably, this is the last episode of the year. I'm just doing it from my laptop. It feels super organic, sort of back where we began. So many things to discuss, so many things happening. First and foremost, I don't know If you guys have caught this, somebody legitimately tried to murder Nick Fuentes last night. Totally insane and it's, it's really a sad story. The suspect is dead, but they killed three other people in the process, plus two dogs. We're gonna speak about that, talk about doxing. On top of that, Andrew Tate, the case has been dismissed in Romania, which was something that I was signaling was going to happen for a very long time. Pi Morgan and me just did an interview and it is going absolutely viral.

0 (40s):
I'm really proud of it as something that I'm doing at the very end of the year. It feels like the right interview to share with the worlds. We'll discuss that. But first, first we absolutely must discuss the comment section at the Daily Wire because honestly, what was the Daily Wire thinking? This is crazy. They premiered Brett Cooper clone. It's going about just as you would imagine, meaning it has been an abject failure. Let's discuss all of that coming up right now on Candace.

0 (1m 23s):
All Right guys, so first let's just recap everything that happened. It's been a very long 10 days. 10 days ago, Brett Cooper announced in a somewhat emotionally strained video, I think that's putting it lightly, that she was leaving the Daily Wire, it was actually her and the CEO of a J of a Daily Wire. Jeremy Boring in this combo video. Let's just reflect on that. Take a listen.

2 (1m 45s):
Hey guys, some of you have heard the rumors online and the rumors are mostly true today. December 10th will be my last day hosting the comment section and working for the Daily Wire. It is not true that I am being forced out. It was my own choice to leave and believe me, this is bittersweet. And now here's some final thoughts from the God king himself, Jeremy. Boring,

3 (2m 4s):
Bittersweet indeed. We're sad to see Brett go, but we're excited to see her take the next step in her journey. Brett's an amazing talent, both as a personality and as an actress. It's been a pleasure to see her bring the comment section to life these last three years and her performance in the pin dragon cycle is sensational. I'm certain that whatever Brett creates next will be filled with the same joy and laughter and heart that she's brought to all of her work at the Daily Wire and we wish her nothing but the best.

0 (2m 30s):
So yes, it very much read like an ISIS beheading video. It seemed like they were being held hostage potentially by their lawyers. But as far as splits go, it was handled professionally. But then there was a ton of innuendo. And I should say by the way, this innuendo was leading up to the moment of the split. People were suggesting that actually Brett Cooper had gotten knifed by her best friend in Maid of Honor, which by the way, fact checked. True. It was indeed her maid of honor that was announced to be taking over the comment section. A young woman named Reagan Conrad. And the internet was very upset about this, but there was no confirmation that came from Be Brett per se until after her announcement.

0 (3m 10s):
Then the internet started interneting and recognizing some things. First and foremost, they recognized that Brett Cooper unfollowed Reagan. Okay, that is a major sign, obviously it, this woman was in her wedding in April. Now all of a sudden Brett Cooper has completely unfollowed her. That kind of signal that a little more went on behind the scenes. On top of that, Brett Cooper also unfollowed the Daily Wire and she unfollowed Jeremy Boring. So yeah, like I said, some blood in the water, but then the ultimate confirmation came the mother of all bombs. And when I say mother, I mean the mother of Brett Cooper. Some internet sleuths had noticed that Brett Cooper's mom, a woman named Diane Cooper, was liking some interesting posts.

0 (3m 54s):
And I'm going to read you which post it was that she liked on Instagram. It was a comment that was being directed to Reagan. It reads, no matter how many acting classes you take or watch Brett's old videos, you'll never be Brett. It's sad that you took the money and snubbed your best friend. I hope the amount of money DW offered was worth your friendship with Brett. You lost a good one. So yeah, a little bit of drama went down. Moms don't hold back at all on the internet. And if this is how it went down, obviously you could imagine your mom, it's the big day your daughter's getting married, she's next to her best friend. You someone who think is her best friend, Reagan, whatever, walking down the aisle next to her and then all of a sudden just completely stabbed in the back.

0 (4m 37s):
Completely crazy. But it turned out that really, If you think about it, didn't really matter whether or not it happened, if everyone was going to move on from it until, okay, like I said, friendships end. They fall apart. Women are awful. You what? Listen to my podcast. I say all the time, women are awful. I have seen women do so many awful things. But what happened next was something that I think none of us were actually thinking was real. I thought that was genuinely, it was internet conspiracy. It was so shocking because the internet very strongly signaled whatever you do daily wire, don't do this, right? Don't try to have this young woman, Reagan, pretend to be Brett because that would be very weird.

0 (5m 18s):
Obviously you cannot train somebody to be somebody else and think that the public is not going to notice this. And like I said, I thought it was conspiracy. I said there's absolutely no way that management is going to roll out. Brett Cooper clone, if they're gonna do the show with Reagan, they're going to build a different show around her that features her personality and not Brett's. And like I said, there were so many people on the internet signaling to them, don't do this. It's super creepy. Here is just one example of that. This YouTuber is called Decoy Voice and he really spells it out. Take a listen.

4 (5m 53s):
I was talking to a girl with the family I was staying with before, she's like an 18-year-old chick that loves Brett Cooper. She's a total super fan. She was like, yeah, the Reagan episodes are kind of weird. Welcome

2 (6m 3s):
Back to the comment section. So obviously I talk Car brand into a whole new stratosphere of woke confusion, concerned about feminism, I'm concerned about the growing gender divide. I'm, but before we get into today's episode, make sure you like this video. Before we dive into this episode though, make sure that you like this videos If you have not already. If you have not already,

5 (6m 20s):
As I understand, two best friends are going to have similar mannerisms, but you can't convince me this isn't done entirely on purpose as this just looks like when two people pick the same character and street fighter where they have all the same moves with a different color scheme.

0 (6m 34s):
I should also offer here that, that the title of that video is this show is Creepy. Now, as I said, it was explicit video after video, millions of views on all of these videos and the comment section of all these videos agreeing just being like, no, they, they cannot produce a clone. They gotta give this girl her own show. But for whatever reason, daily Wire ignored all of those signs. And they very quickly, I feel like in 48 hours turned around the comment section and just gave us like Brett Cooper, but not 2.0. In fact, the internet kept calling her a temu. Brett essentially saying that this was like the Chinese knockoff version of Brett Cooper.

0 (7m 15s):
They did not regroup, they did not rebrand the show. They even kept the girl wearing headphones kind of like the same dorm setting. Which was kind of strange because Brett Cooper of course is just 22. She began the show when she was 18. So this sort of like college vibe and the headphones made sense. Reagan's 29 years old, this is an adult woman and she's kind of cosplaying a teenager in a dorm room. Super awkward. And we can say it was an abject failure. I mean what I, let's just go through some of these numbers. Okay, so this has been 10 days. In 10 days the comment section has lost 200,000 subscribers. Okay? So when Brett Cooper made her announcement, the channel had 4.51 million subscribers.

0 (7m 59s):
Today it, it just keeps going down. Every time this Reagan girl posts, it's at 4.29 million subscribers. I'm just showing you guys this quick snapshot, snapshot that I took of the channel. So it, this girl has produced two videos. This one which is about the Duke lacrosse scandal has been up for just under two days, could not crack 100,000 views. She's got 71,000 views the video behind it, even more abysmal, 42,000 views. So you imagine if it is true that she snaked her best friend and just took her 4.5 million subscribers and she can't even get 100,000 of them to watch her video. And it's a small video. These are like seven minute clips.

0 (8m 39s):
These usually play very well because people have YouTube brain and they're not able to actually follow anything longer than seven minutes. And the internet is saying absolutely not. I mean it has gotten so bad that Benny Johnson, who is a friend to sort of everyone actually did a video on the comment section of the comment section because he couldn't believe how much of a failure that had been. And that video that Benny Johnson made is almost at a million views. Comments are exceptional, but again, all saying the exact same thing. This guy Frank writes, Brett Cooper is the comment section that is horrible. This girl Fiona writes, yeah, I unsubscribe from the comment section. I'm not going to watch a chick being absolutely inauthentic copying her friend who used to be in that show.

0 (9m 22s):
The imitation is cringe. Dylan Smith writes, if I had to guess, Reagan offered to quote unquote be Brett Cooper for less money. If this is the case, then the Daily Wire may learn a hard truth that people and personalities aren't always replaceable. And that's a great thing to think about. Like actually why is this failing? How did it hit? How did it fail so hard? And I think the easy answer is we are in a market right now where the social economy is authenticity. You have to be authentic in whatever it is that you are bringing to the market. Especially when it comes to Gen Zers, they sniff that stuff out faster than anybody else. They are the internet culture. And I think the second piece of that is America doesn't like a coronation.

0 (10m 6s):
What was really shocking to me when I realized they were actually doing this, and this wasn't like internet innuendo, but like actually they were just gonna replicate Brett Cooper was we just went through an entire election cycle where Kamala Harris was just coordinated. They just were like, Hey, we're gonna make Kamala Harris and you have to just like Kamala Harris and it's because Beyonce and Taylor Swift endorse her and they say that that's good. And we forcefully rejected that. We said, no, actually you cannot just coordinate Kamala Harris. People have to actually run and earn their spot. And Trump has been running it seems for the last four years, and you're just gonna give Kamala Harris 107 days and a couple of celebrity endorsements and just force feed her to us.

0 (10m 47s):
I would, I would think the Daily Wire would have seen that lesson that it doesn't really work like that. And would've said, okay, we can't do that. If we think Reagan's this amazing talent, she's gonna have to actually earn her keep. She can't just be coordinated. And I think this person's comment per like perfectly encapsulates that this is at Little Miss Stamper and she's again commenting under the Benny Johnson video she wrote, there's just something gross about sitting in a spot that you didn't earn, talking to an audience that you didn't earn on a show that you didn't build. Not to mention she was your friend. That's it. Like totally. The internet is essentially saying she didn't earn these 4.65 million subscribers.

0 (11m 28s):
So yes, does the Daily Wire own the channel? Yes. Can the Daily Wire basically say we're forcing our Kamala Harris and you guys are all going to love her? Sure, but the market is going to respond to that. The market has responded to that and the market is telling them no. So the question now is, what was Daily Wire thinking? This was a piece that I couldn't wrap my head around. I genuinely am so shocked by this decision, given everyone again on the internet saying, please don't, we were just watching a car crash in slow motion. I was going, no, no. Is there anything we can do to stop this? And the answer was no. The management said we're doing it anyways. And I thought to myself, was it maybe advertiser agreements? Was it they had to have a show every day and maybe some advertisers would've pulled out?

0 (12m 12s):
Was it being motivated? I don't think likely they could have easily taken a pause. It's the end of the year. They should have, if I was advising, I would've been like, take a full pause. It's Christmas, it's holiday time, no one's gonna think let's come back in the new year. It's something fresh. They didn't do that. And I don't think it was, it was advertising dollars that was influencing it. Somebody said to me, maybe it was just continuity. They were thinking as long as they just had a show the next day people would be used to listening to Brett Cooper and would just be back. Mm, maybe. But again, not what I took away from this. What I really think it came down to is the Daily Wire is run by people who were formerly in theater, right? So you have Jeremy Boring, a company's called Bent Key.

0 (12m 53s):
The reason it's called Bent Key is 'cause he wears a bent key around his neck. And that key, he once wrote in a daily wire piece was the key from the playhouse that he used to work at. He was an aspiring actor. He talks about how he failed in Hollywood. And so he background is in theater. And recently Ben Shapiro went viral because he gave this review of Wicked that was very professional talking about people seeing in their head voice. And the internet was amazed that he was so up to date, I guess on like on just theater stuff. And I think what you have are a lot of people, their background is in theater and they thought through this equation like theater kids, they were just like, we need an understudy.

0 (13m 34s):
Reagan knows the part. Reagan knows how to do this. Reagan's been the producer, Reagan, Brett's leaving, can you just be Brett's? And it was just an accidental miss, genuinely just totally did not read the room, right? Does not realize that podcasting is not the same as theater. You really can't do that. They're not looking for an understudy. They're looking for a real person. And they have to believe that that person is genuine and they have to believe that that person is authentic. And in that way, I think they, they very much set up Reagan to fail, but also Reagan set herself up to fail because if somebody came to me and said, just be your best friend, I'd be like, no, I'm, I love this opportunity, this is amazing, but I'm gonna have to be myself and figure out who that is and if it's enough.

0 (14m 17s):
And I think given all the toxicity there, it's strange that they went with Reagan. I think it was super easy for them to just find someone else on TikTok, somebody else with their own personality that's getting tons of views. Who has the it factor? And that is what I wanna say conclusively. You know, Brett Cooper has the IT factor. Nobody really knows what the IT factor is, but You know when you see it. And I remember the first time I saw Brett Cooper video, actually, she was working up a daily wire and I had no idea she was working at Daily Wire and my husband kept saying, do you know this girl Brett Cooper that works there? And I'm like, no, I've never seen her. And he showed me her video and the first time I saw it it, I said, this girl just has the IT factor. Just didn't feel that way. When you watch Reagan perform, it's like, okay, this isn't the it factor.

0 (14m 58s):
This feels like the forced it factor. This feels like the friend of the IT factor. I just don't see how this is going to be a successful plan. They should have just regrouped gone under. If I'm giving 'em advice today, shut it down fast when the market tells you no, you're not gonna be able to ever force the markets. And this is a pretty resounding no. And lastly, what I will say is the lesson in all of this is actually something that I learned from Matt Walsh. He always says, just because you can doesn't mean you should. It's a little, it's a great little life tidbit. Like you can, you absolutely can you own this channel. You can just find a, a friend of and put them up there and say, so what? Deal with it.

0 (15m 38s):
But you shouldn't. You shouldn't because you should know that people are not going to respond well to that. And just because you contractually, legally, and from a business perspective can doesn't mean that that's ultimately going to be good for you and your company. So that is the lesson in all of this. The comment section I would say is officially over.

Good Ranchers (15m 59s):
All Right guys, this episode is sponsored by Good Ranchers during Good Ranchers holiday special, you can subscribe to any box and you'll get a gift of chicken breasts, salmon, bacon, or ground beef for a year plus additional $25 off with my code Candace. By shopping at Good Ranchers, you are directly supporting local farms and ranchers in the United States. Good Ranchers delivers high quality 100% American meat straight to your door. Good Ranchers also has a new gifting page this year gift something that's a cut above the rust with Good Ranchers dot com. From burgers and ribeyes to surf and turf, Good Ranchers has a gift box for everybody that is on your list. So visit Good Ranchers dot com and use my code Candace to claim your free gift in every box and $25 off your order. And while you're on Good Ranchers dot com, be sure to check out my exclusive box. It's the perfect treat for yourself this holiday season. It also works as a great gift for friends and family. So visit Good Ranchers dot com slash Candace with promo code Candace. Again, that is Good Ranchers dot com slash Candace, Good Ranchers, American Meat delivered.

0 (16m 59s):
Okay, so getting into some stories. This next story is insane. Insane for a lot of reasons, personally, this is my biggest fear in life. So months ago we had cover covered a story where the day after Trump won, tons of people were trolling the left by pretending like, oh, we totally fooled you. And Project 2025 was real. And one person in particular, Nick Fuentes, who was known as many things to the media, something far right, extremist, whatever, he's a streamer, he's a leader of the griper movement. He sort of won the internet with the most ridiculous tweet that If you have absolutely no sense of humor and took this literally, you had a mental breakdown about it.

0 (17m 40s):
But he just tweeted, your body, my choice forever. I, I feel ridiculous even saying it seriously. And I, it's stunning to me that so many journalists took this literally and were just going, oh my gosh, this is what it means. I guess now that Trump has won, men are going to take control over women's bodies. Anyways, this tweet went absolutely viral. I mean like to the tune of almost a billion views on X. And a bunch of radical feminists started organizing to essentially docs Nick Fuentes. Now if you're not familiar with what that term docs means, essentially it means that your address is posted on the internet so people can come find you. It's very scary, it's very real.

0 (18m 21s):
It is not funny when this happens to any individual, irrespective of how you feel about Nick Fuentes. To have your address a post on the internet and then to immediately see a response to that is terrifying. And he immediately saw a response in the form of a radical feminist showing up at his door. Nick Fuentes immediately Pepper sprayed this feminist, we showed you this a couple of months ago or a month ago, whatever it was. And shockingly, Nick Fuentes got arrested for this, for assault. And I think now given what has happened, it is very likely that those assault charges are going to be dropped. I'm a big believer in stand your ground laws. If someone who you know is going to show up to your door with the purpose of trying to intimidate you, you don't know what that person's gonna do.

0 (19m 3s):
We live in a time where people are radical over politics. We just watch them try to assassinate Donald Trump. I say pepper spray and ask questions later. And what's happened since then is stunning. Okay, I am gonna show you footage. Here it is. The most traumatizing footage that I have watched is thinking about somebody doing this. So I will just first read you exactly what it is that Nick Fuentes posted on anxious regarding this, this storyline. The tweet read reads last night, an armed killer made an attempt on my life at my home, which was recently doxed on this platform. The gunman carried a pistol, a crossbo, an incendiary devices. I believe he intended to kill me.

0 (19m 43s):
He's now dead. I'm okay now just to guys, to give you the background. According to police, the Wouldbe assassin committed a triple homicide, okay, near where Nick Fuentes lives in southern Illinois before he arrived at Nick Fuentes doorstep with a pistol drawn calling Nick Fuentes name. I'm going to show you that footage right now. Take a look.

0 (20m 37s):
Nick Fuentes tweet thread continues. I'm grateful to God that I'm still alive today. Tragically, the gunman broke into a neighbor's home to evade police and killed two of their dogs while heartbreaking, it could have been so unimaginably worse. God have mercy. Doxing is not a game. This nihilistic lynch mob behavior must end before anyone else is killed. And now, when he was tweeting this, I don't think he was aware that that gunman did in fact kill three humans before they killed the dogs in the next door. Neighbor. Apparently the police were then pursuing him on foot and he broke into someone's house, shot the dogs, and then began firing at police officers. And the police officers then ended this person's life. But this is terrifying. You know, Nick Fuentes is now raising money to relocate and people were mocking this when this happened because they hate Nick Fuentes.

0 (21m 23s):
They absolutely think he's a monster. He's a graper. And so what he deserves to die in bd banked, all of it's gotten pointedly ridiculous. These are sort of the real things that can happen online in in this new online culture thinking that people are so impacted by election results that somebody very clearly trolling who writes your body, my choice forever, almost lost his life last night. It's just stunning to me. I just don't know what's happening, like what sort of political climate we are in, where we see each other as enemies and would ever wish for somebody to actually be killed. And by the way, I wanna be clear, there are more people that are responsible for this.

0 (22m 3s):
And I talk about this often and it's important to state this. We now have so many journalists who I think are responsible for these assassins who are receiving signals from them that this person is literally the next Adolf Hitler. If this person is not taken out, we are going to be living in a Nazi society. You find someone who's mentally unwell and hears that message. And just to be clear, in today's society, we have plenty of mentally unwell people thanks to big pharma drugging people for a very long time. Their brains just don't work, right? And they go, okay, well I'm not the journalist that's making the comparison. I'm not the journalist that's calling somebody Adolf Hitler. I'm not the journalist that's just awarded Candace Owens Antisemite of the Year.

0 (22m 45s):
So I get to, I guess, effectively wash my hand when instant likes like this takes place. And I say no. I say all of this is pointly ridiculous. It is irresponsible when you are calling people Adolf Hitler, when you are making comparisons, calling people unbelievably a white supremacist, the rise of white supremacy, CandaceOwens, anti-Semite, whatever it is when you are lying to the public and making people so fearful, making women believe that a Trump election meant that their bodies were going to be taken over by men. And this is the result everybody bears responsibility, particularly as I said, the journalists. And so we're watching the situation play out.

0 (23m 26s):
Nick has just also tweeted signaling that he is now looking for a lawyer to go after all of the big name account to shared his address, I think is the right thing to do in this circumstance because listen, this happened to Nick Fuentes. It could have happened to any individual with the platform who said something that people don't agree with or said something that was then taken literally by journalists. Very Scary stuff. Nick does not have a wife, does not have children. People like me imagining going through the situation with three young children there, there's just nothing more terrifying. And So I do hope that he pursues all of the individuals who were involved in doxing him. And I do hope that society wakes up to the fact that these are not online games. This is real life.

0 (24m 7s):
And somebody, literally three people lost their lives last night to a maniac. And Nick Fuentes would have died had he not have seen on the cameras that this person was carrying a pistol, as you guys just saw. So we, we as a society just need to do better.

Tax Network USA (24m 24s):
Do you owe back taxes? Pandemic Relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents and field officers. The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Do not waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends. Obviously. Tax Network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. So whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can definitely help you, whether it's business or personal, even If you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a private free consultation or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Again, that's tn usa.com/ Candace.

0 (25m 17s):
As a sort of, I guess one B to that same conversation of people being unable to sort of separate how they feel about an individual from what is happening to that individual. Like I said, people just kind of rooting for Nick Fuentes to be killed and sharing his address online, which is completely monstrous and doesn't make you a good person simply because they hate him and they hate his rhetoric. Similarly, I found over the last year and a half, I guess now that so many people were sending me emails or commenting and saying that I was supporting a human sex trafficker because I was plausibly maybe the only conservative when all of these conservatives were coming down, Andrew Tate and Andrew Tate culture, when he was being, I guess charges are being brought against him in Romania, nobody actually cared to look into the case.

0 (26m 4s):
They just sort of said, well, this is what I know about Andrew Tate. He ran a webcam business with his brother. They'd made money that way. He was involved in pornography. I found these old videos of him from 10 years ago, five years ago, whatever. And look at the way he's speaking And so therefore that makes him guilty and I hope he goes to prison. And I said, hold on, let me actually pump the brakes. Look into this case. And when I looked into the case, I stood my ground and said that I thought that this was never going to make to trial and that it was eventually going to be dismissed because of the woman at the center of it. What happened in Romania to the tape brothers, whether you wanna hear it from me or not, whether you like him or not, it was a tremendous miscarriage of justice. It was a woman at the center who had a very complicated history of bringing allegations against men throughout her entire life who had tweeted, oh, I mean, had tweeted, pardon me, had openly messaged, I read her WhatsApp messages, essentially a plot with her best friend to get attention with her main priority being, getting free tickets to London or Paris, I can't remember which one.

0 (27m 8s):
And when I covered this, like I said, so many people didn't even care to look into the case and just were so angry at me and looking at clips of Andrew Tate and his brother on the internet and all of, and I'm like, none of this is relevant to the actual case in Romania. Well, I am very pleased to report that it really pays to just say the thing that is true and eventually hope that the truth catches up with the lies. I get it. You don't like the videos that you've seen of Andrew Tate, but in this particular case now the judges and the prosecutors have agreed with me, yes, they have looked through this case, looked through all the evidence, and they said, we are not even bringing this forward. It has been dismissed, sent back down to the level the prosecutors are going to have to create an entirely new case if they wanna bring these charges against these brothers.

0 (27m 49s):
So I'm just letting you guys know that it is obviously a major legal victory after two and a half years of people signaling that these two men were involved in human sex trafficking. Again, over a case that nobody had actually read that I actually took the time to go through the case and look through the charges and figure out who these victims were in the charges. They have maintained their innocence in this particular case throughout the entire process. They said they were involved in an organized criminal network. The evidence just was not there for that. So the Romanian court also said there were tons of irregularities involved in the indictment. There were, I explained those as these as, as this was happening throughout the years that it, it seemed to me to be a, a prosecution because of who these men were and not based on evidence whatsoever.

0 (28m 42s):
So that is the case. It has been now dismissed, sent back down to prosecutors. They're going to have to create an entirely new file and perhaps they come up with new charges. Perhaps they come up with new victims. I can't speak to that. I was always just speaking to the original case and the woman that was at the center of it, who, by the way, the Western press won't cover this, but Andrew Tate and Tristan have brought a defamation case against her in the United States. And that case is moving forward. Like I said, it always pays to just tell the truth, to take all the bullets while you're telling the truth. Let people call you names, let people judge you. But I'm always going to side with the facts. That's always been my character and I'm not going to change that on the basis of whether or not I agree with the rhetoric that's coming out of an individual or something that they said on the internet or how they speak to women or how they date women.

0 (29m 33s):
You don't get to call somebody a human sex trafficker because you don't like their character. So that's a, like I said, a major win for them. And here is Andrew Tate celebrating that win. Take a listen

7 (29m 44s):
Case dismissed even better than a not guilty verdict. A judge has decided there's not enough evidence to even send this to trial. There's no evidence of crimes, none of this makes sense. They print an indictment with thousands of pieces of paper, which doesn't mean anything. It doesn't add up to a crime. They falsified evidence. The whole thing is garbage. The case is now officially dismissed. But if there's no evidence to take me to trial, this begs a very pertinent question. There was never any evidence to put me in jail. There was never any evidence to raid my house five times. There was never any evidence to keep me travel banned for three years. There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my children. There was never any evidence to stop me seeing my mother when she had a heart attack. There was never any evidence to steal all of my cars and all of my money and all of my wealth.

7 (30m 24s):
There was never any evidence for the media which were very complicit to try their very best to slander me, to bother my mother after she had an operation, trying to make her cry, to make my children sad, to make the women around me sad. This is not just about my brother and I we're tough guys. Every single person who loves us has suffered and there's never been any evidence in the first place like we've been telling you for three solid years.

0 (30m 45s):
So there you have it, you, you can take it or you can leave it. But I can tell you that the Romanian prosecutors have decided that they're going to leave it. Or rather the judges, they're not even bringing this to trial on the basis of the evidence. And for me it does feel like vindication because it's just hard sometimes where people are, are just, like I said, unable to dilute their personal feelings about someone from a court case. We saw this with Trump. Well, he cheated on his wife with Stormy Daniels. Okay, that has absolutely nothing to do with what New York is doing to him, essentially going after him. And we know that they were doing that simply because they hated Donald Trump. You know, we have to be just always, whether you like someone or don't like somebody. And I hope that that lesson is now served. Alright? Right guys, if you're feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday, you are not alone.

0 (31m 28s):
Prices remain higher than ever and a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards. That is the perfect time to take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and you can start saving right now. Your customers save on average $800 a month. Just imagine what that can mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you can even delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra cash for the season. And wouldn't it be nice to start off a new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments, it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christmas is going to be here before you know it. So call one of American financing's salary based mortgage consultants today. You can call now at (800) 795-1210.

0 (32m 10s):
Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Alright, right guys, I really wanna get to this because right now I am trending globally. I tend to be doing that a lot as of late. But I was really proud of this because this was the last interview that I was giving for the year. Obviously you guys know that I am here in London and So I sat down in studio with Pi Morgan and you know, he gave me a, a very, I would say a very fair interview and asked me pointedly about me being crowned Antisemite of the year. And clips from that interview, as I said, are going viral. And I'm just going to show you the clip that has everybody speaking right now.

0 (32m 52s):
Take a listen. Do I think BB Netanyahu has genocidal ambitions against the Palestinians? The answer is yes.

8 (32m 59s):
Do you think he's a war criminal? Yes,

0 (33m 1s):
I believe he's a war criminal. And I think that the issue is how much power he has, particularly in America. And I, I wanna make sure that I am just crossing or, or I guess making that clear to people across the pond. You know, in America we have lobbying, you guys don't have lobbying here. And so this is why it might seem

8 (33m 19s):
To, we do, but not to the same degree.

0 (33m 21s):
Yes, like APAC spent $100 million in our elections. And what that means is that they're able to write fellowships, they're able to pay journalists, they're able to pay people to attack and take down people who speak against their initiatives. And they are, apac I would say is very much pro laud party pro BP Netanyahu. And this is why you have seen people like me being attacked in the way that they had been attacked for what I believe is just a human stance on what's happening to the Palestinians. I don't care If you had flipped it, if had, if it had not been Israelis, if it had been, you know, the mu if it had been Christians doing this to, to to Muslims, I would say the exact same thing based on the images that I've seen. But there was a ton of evidence that Bibi Netanyahu allowed October 7th to take place, including the things that we found out.

0 (34m 1s):
'cause I now read Herts daily to to read.

8 (34m 3s):
We don't actually think he knew it was going to happen.

0 (34m 5s):
Well, let's just talk about the facts. We don't, we don't have to speculate on that. What we do know is that they did intercept the hostage plan before it took place, right? The 250 hostages that came out in Hart's media. We also know that Egypt gave them prior morning a warning that the attacks were going to take place. Egypt said that they were being ignored. That was a fact. I've been to Israel, have you been to Israel? We know it's the size of New Jersey. We know that it takes 15 minutes to get from one end to the other. And we know that every five feet there's a person in your face holding a gun. That attack went on for two hours without interruption. I find that hard to believe. And this gets to the, I guess you could say the nucleus of the corruption trial against him when now he's even arguing with the IDF minister who he fired Yav Glan am by saying his last name correctly, where they're saying that some funny stuff happened on October 7th.

0 (34m 54s):
And they have, they're explicitly accusing him of feeding lies to the western media. This is crucial, you know, and it, this, this could be the undoing of everything if we find out that he had prior knowledge. And we do know for a fact that he said that he intentionally wanted to take over Palestinian territory. You should find that clip and play it on the show. 'cause it's, it's very significant when the, where he asked the reporter to turn off the camera and then he starts speaking about his plans for the Palestinians. This was years ago. I think Bibi net and Yahoo is a monster. And I think the people that are still standing by him and supporting him, you know, I, I wouldn't wanna have that on my conscious conscience. What I'll say conclusively is truly If you are still supporting this, and it is, as I said in that interview, a holocaust against the Palestinians.

0 (35m 39s):
I wouldn't wanna be you when you meet your maker. And I am proud of that interview and I'm proud that this is going viral because I know that things are changing, the conversation is changing in America. And that I played a piece of that, You know, I I played a, a role in that that year by deciding to stand by my morals and not stand by money. And that was made possible because of you guys. There's no way that I would still be here having the impact that I have without you guys, me, biblically doing the right thing and saying no to money, not deciding, not to worship money and realizing that you can't worship both money and worship, both God being willing to have my entire life change, but knowing in my heart of hearts that you guys would stand by me and know that none of that was being motivated by hatred.

0 (36m 23s):
Rather, it was being motivated by truth. That really is the meaning of Christ as king as we go to this Christmas season. No matter how much the laud party journalist tried to make that dirty, tried to make it seem as though this was an anti-Semitic phrase, no, if, if it terrifies you, it's because you're on the side of lies. Christ is the way, Christ is the truth. Christ is the light. And I have decided to follow all those things. I've decided to make Christ king and center of this podcast, telling the truth, unapologetically, allowing myself to be smeared and libel and essentially dragged through the mud, knowing that at the end, principally we were doing the right thing.

0 (37m 4s):
I suspect next year tons of things are going to change. I think that so many people are gonna finally find the courage to call what is happening to the Palestinians, what it is, which is an intentional genocide. We, you, like I said, you can go back and listen to Bibi Netanyahu's own words before October 7th. The man is a monster. He is a gangster and know that no matter who you are in the world, whether you are Christian, whether you are a Jewish, whether you are a Muslim, that I will always be an ally to you If you are suffering, truly suffering. And there aren't enough dollars at APAC to ever get me to side with the devil. And I truly do believe that we are, what we are watching right now is, is the synagogue of Satan led by BB Netanyahu, which is attempting to use Judaism and pretending that they are being attacked because they're Jewish and not because they're executing something horrific in, in Israel right now, in Gaza in particular.

0 (38m 4s):
So we'll see what happens next year. But I feel optimistic about it. I feel that that is this year in summation, truth has been king, truth won and it's going to continue to win. So much is going to change, obviously with Trump as president. I think he is going to have to confront that issue head on. As somebody who is seen as a Zionist, as someone who I think has done way too much for Israel. I certainly didn't elect him to do everything for Israel. And So I, I think he's gonna confront that and I hope that he comes out the right side of this and that he decides to take a stance for Americans, that he honors the USS Liberty survivors and the way that we did on this show, that he does not shirk away from that responsibility of being unapologetically American.

0 (38m 47s):
First. You guys, in summation, it has been just the most amazing year we have. We've done so much. I mean, from the Kamala Chronicles to the USS, Liberty, Liberty interview to being fired, guys, we got fired this year. We're so cool. And through it all, like I said, we couldn't have done it without your support at, at locals allowing us to be independent, believing that there were more people who would invest in the truth than corporations that would get behind us with big checks that were willing to pay us to lie. And we, I, the entire team, we owe it all to you guys. And so we look forward to next year. I can tell you we are going to be back with a bang. We have two huge, amazing, explosive interviews that are planned, which you guys will learn about sometime in January.

0 (39m 37s):
But keep it locked here over these next couple of days, we're just gonna show you some old up episodes on Spotify. Maybe things that you missed, maybe you're new to the podcast and you have not watched all of our old content. We'll give you, I guess like the top five interviews that we think we should definitely be watching. So we'll just sort of re-release those things. But I will see you guys in the new year. Thank you so much.