
All right, you guys, the internet ask, and I am totally delivering on this Thursday. You're not gonna believe who I have in studio, right from the grocery aisles. Ian Carroll, who is blowing up. Do not, you're just not gonna wanna miss this conversation. Welcome back to Candace. I can't believe you're here in the flesh. I just, this is amazing. Yeah. I I, you're taller actually. I thought you were taller. Yeah, I have to say that you've Got good senses. Yeah. As the internet's been finding out, I was like, I feel like Ian Carol's tall and Yeah, I was correct on that.


Yep. Okay. So much to unpack, but First and foremost, there are a thousand things people want us to get room about because we are basically kind of on the same train. I would say. I also love that you're from the left. Yeah. And because there's this moment happening where people are kind of getting closer to the middle and realizing some things, I think everyone's become a little bit more moderate and less enthused with Democrats or Republicans. Before we get into more serious stuff, I do have to bring up, just to honor that, listen to this show, the House Inhabit Saga that you have been drafted into and nobody knows why. Where were you? Me neither. And what were you doing when you got hit by a house inhabit newsletter?


I don't remember where I was or what I was doing because didn't really register that much. I got a text message 'cause I don't check my emails and I got a, oh, I do remember who sent it to me. It was, it was like, like a aunt that adopted me, sort of that message me like, did you see what Alison and Abbot said in her newsletter? It's like, I, and I was like, no I didn't. And I eventually, I went and checked it out once, I think it was actually, once you started talking about it, I was like, maybe I should see what she said in her newsletter. Yeah. And it was just so outta left field because I've, I've treated her as nothing but nice. I really enjoyed her. I saw her as like a friend in the industry, had her on podcasts multiple times. Oh, I didn't Know This. Yeah. Yeah. So I, I like guest host on a podcast called the Club Maha podcast. And we had had her in I think two or three times as like a guest host.


Just like hanging out, talking, talking smack, and just having a good time. And I had no understanding that I was a bad person. And I think the first dig was like about like boys, like it was about the Joe Rogan interview and about boys sort of like running the narrative or something. I forget exactly what she said in it, but it kind of was like water off the back, whatever. This is weird. And then I started to follow what you were doing and at Partway through, which is what I said in the video I posted that became really controversial is partway through your video that first dug it open, I realized that I knew this Emily Hagen that you were talking about. And I just put two and two together and was like, what is going on? Right? And I immediately went to her Instagram and watched like an hour of stories and it was, yeah, game over at that Point.


It's totally insane. I, and I, it really was so accidental and it, I had the exact same feeling going into it is I've been nothing but nice to Jessica Reid Krause, I don her podcast in January. Then I look Tucker also got side swept for no reason. He similarly had her backstage at one of his events. And then suddenly there's this newsletter. And what bothered me about it was just how it was fundamentally dishonest is how I felt like saying, trying to pretend that Tucker or instill this, instill this idea that Tucker is somehow being pushed by the Iranians Iranian propaganda, which Was was, well I'm being pushed by Qatar, so you know, you've gotta have a, That's a new thing, A Middle Eastern country to back all of us.


Yeah. And then she also totally just lied in the newsletter saying that you didn't credit Whitney Webb. I mean you fell over yourself to credit her everywhere, even on X, when Whitney Webb said you got it wrong, crediting her on Joe Rogan. You did this long thread saying everyone should buy her book. And this is where I learned so much. And she's done so much research and I'm going, what actually was the purpose of this newsletter other than to destroy relationships, go after Allies or because somebody was explicitly asking you in the background to do it. But what ensued I think on Instagram after was very Real Housewives. And I just did not see it coming for her to be so vitriolic towards what should have just been political banter and trying to understand what was happening.


But then there was another layer of it where you and I have discussed this now off camera, it is a totally dishonest for her to be telling people right now that, or to be pretending like she's this ally to RFK. She has said a lot of things about RFK and blackmail and the things that she knows about his relationships. And I know we're both trying to be careful not to put out too much, but it's quite serious. Yeah, Yeah. And it wasn't just coming from her, It's coming from all directions. And so it was during that watching your, your video and then I paused, I went to Emily Hagen's Instagram feed. And so your video had just dropped an hour or two ago. And that had inspired people that I knew in my network that had been in Maha, that had been in Maga, people that have a decade plus in this industry to reach out to me and be like, I know more about the situation.


This is what happened. And some of them were about things that house inhabit that Jessica Reed Kraus had said during the campaign to them while drinking things like that that like, it is hearsay, but it's also like from very reliable people of direct interactions with her saying things that you should never be saying out loud about anyone unless you want to spread horrible information about them. Right. And so I'm trying very hard not to spread room 'cause a lot of his rumors of accusations of that person's a plant or that person slept with that person or that person's doing that thing. And it's like, I don't think that we need to be spreading rumors about specifics about people because unless you have smoking guns, that is extremely complicated to unpack.


But the totality of the evidence from people like, from everyone from like Maha moms to people in the MAGA campaign to people that were on Kennedy's direct campaign around him, stuff about everyone involved and everyone has their own stories and their own theories and, and it's, it's not clear which theories are exactly right, but you start to get a sense of what the picture probably is. And, and the thing that I keep coming back to is that it would be, and you did a great job of this on your show the other day, is that it would be weirder for there not to be campaigns targeting Bobby than for there to be something targeting Bobby. You would be a fool to think that there are not blackmail operations targeting him and trying to get control of him as they have done to every Kennedy in the history of Kennedy's.


So that the totality of the evidence that there is some layer of control, which is not a new thought, that's not some breaking news. It's the breaking news was that the, the greatest unforced error in the history of like, I mean I'm being facetious, but like house inhabit unforced error here is out of control. Like a, you didn't need to start this drama B, you didn't need to keep it going. And then c you didn't need to like do every single thing she's done since then has just felt more and more like we are not, she's not being honest about what her real role is here. Right. And I like, I, I don't know, I was hoping she would just come forth and say I was drunk last night and it was stupid, but she just keeps going. So we, I don't think we can just blame it on the a, a alcohol, you know what I mean?


Although she started blaming other people for their alcohol consumption, Which is was very vitriolic except that she was doing Denise was wrong. And I pointed that out to her. But I do wanna make sure people understand because you can go a thousand different ways. You can go real housewives, you can go fight, you know, the fights between, none of that really matters other than to state that there is very serious allegations about RFK Junior and the emails that we have received. And I'm just like you where I wanna be very careful because you don't wanna just be putting out things that don't have any heavy consequence because then you're actually hurting him. And we all believe in this like make America healthy again campaign. Exactly. But also no one willingly hangs out with Rabbi Smoothie. And I think that that is something that the entire world can agree on.


Yeah. And the allegations, I'm getting emails from people that worked with him at Children's Health Defense, which was the big eyeopener for me. I absolutely love that organization that he ran and it became the reason that I didn't vaccinate my children. But the allegations are all the same. So what came from Jessica Reed Krause's mouth about what he's got in the closet is the same as what's coming from people that worked with him on Children's health Defense, the same as people who were a major part of this iteration of the MAGA movement. And I am concerned that he is, I, I actually believe he's compromised. I'll just come right out and say that. And I'm not saying that as a, because I dislike him, I'm saying that because I dislike politics and I just have to be honest with people that he is going to be limited in what he can do because there is a lot of sexual blackmail there.


Yeah. And the thing, I know If you've seen Brett Weinstein's recent episodes, but he's been doing a couple of long podcasts, two hours plus lately, digging into one in particular a couple days ago was a really lucid look at the different layers of what blackmail can actually be. I think a lot of Americans are just now starting to conceptualize a blackmail in the last five years. And a lot of Americans still think of blackmail as just Jeffrey Epstein or nothing. And that is not the nature of this thing. And Brett pointed out very astutely that a lot of black male in the political arena actually appears as friendship. Probably as in if you're a wild partier back in your day or you have sexual proclivities or whatever it is, and you do something stupid and your friend comes to you and is like, dude, what did you do?


That's a huge mistake. We shouldn't have done that. Like, look, I'll help you cover that up. I'll help take care of this and make sure I'll protect you from this and make sure it never affects your campaign. You just keep doing you and I've got your back. Right. And that is like, oh, thank gosh I have such a good friend. It feels so good to have such a good friend. And then, you know, three months later that friend comes to you and is like, Hey listen, I really think that we shouldn't hire this person. Like it wouldn't be a good move. And you say, well, I'd like them. And it's like, yeah, we shouldn't hire them and we have a discussion about it. And then they leave the room and then you think, huh, that person, I can't go against that person. That person is my closest confidant and they know things about me that no one else does.


How could I, I guess I shouldn't hire that person. Right. And there's, so there's so, and that's just one example. There's so many layers of how blackmail can appear in lots of different ways. And I personally, I think that Bobby does have a strong soul and he does have that Kennedy mindset of like, of his lineage and what he stands for. And So I doubt he would be able to be blackmailed in an overt like do this or else way, or at least not at first. But at first maybe the blackmail is small, maybe it's just simple things. And you never know what kind of leverages people get over politicians and eventually you wind up with Rabbi Schmoley hanging out with you and declaring anti-Semitism the greatest health crisis in America today.


Absurd or whatever. It's Absurd. And this kind of really gets right to the crux of everything that's happening, which is you're seeing actually the left and the right unite on this one topic of recognizing that it's really wrong what's happening in Palestine. And this is such to me just a a humanitarian issue, humanitarian approach. And they're trying to win this issue with smears. But, and it's crazy and you're a perfect example of that. So you've really had, I would say your come up, it's, I love their narrative that he came out of nowhere, he must be funded. No, actually he's been on TikTok for quite some time going through grocery aisles. If I know that some older people were not on TikTok, and I'm, I'm kind of generation Instagram is where it stopped.


But when I finally got on TikTok and I, you were, you're a big deal on TikTok. I blew Up on TikTok, blew up on TikTok, just going through the grocery aisle. Grocery aisle talking about who owns what. And then when the Israel Palestine thing happened, you were very clear about your position on this and obviously when Elon Musk and you got into that back forth things hit another level because you were so sensible about speaking about why it is that Americans would not feel allegiance to Israel, which is our right. It is so weird that they think that they're gonna try to psychologically convince us that we have no right to not support a foreign nation by calling everybody anti-Semitic and then passing censorship laws. And so do and then yeah, we're just gonna pass censorship laws. We're 350 million of you are just not gonna be able to say anything bad about Israel.


All you people that think that Jews control the world, you know what we'll do, we'll all pass laws that say you can't say that. Right. That'll, that'll teach 'em. Like clearly these people have never taught young kids. When you teach young kids, you learn that you can't tell young kids like you can't do that. Double think with young people these days. They see right through it and it only enhances their conviction and actually creates more real antisemitism as well as just, you know, basic noticing of facts. There is that noticing of facts that's happening. I think this book here has done more damage than anything that you or I could ever say. And I actually wanted to bring up this book chaos because they are totally chaos. But just to be clear for you guys that are watching us at home, it was a CIA operation.


Oh yeah. And it it, they're doing it right now. So if you're wondering why all of these of random accounts are suddenly saying that I'm funded by Qatar, I absolutely am not funded by Qatar. I'd like to be, by the way Qatar, if you're watching like I'm not opposed to reading some ads for you, like it's totally fine 'cause everybody else works with you, including Bibe Netanyahu who's going through a Qatar trial right now, which is the rich irony of all of this. You're not funded by Qatar. No, I'm not funded by anyone. I'm poor. So This is amazing. So I was reading this 'cause I, you know, I do a book club here. The Chaos was born out of LBJs, the Chaos. CIA program was born out of LBJ. So JFK gets shot, LBJ becomes president of the United States and just reversed his course on everything that JFK was doing in terms of his foreign policy with Israel.


And he's getting them weapons. He's getting them money. He's, and he wants war, war, war, war, war. So we're right back in that circumstance where it's like war, war, war, war, war. We're talking about war with Iran and then there were these natural student protests that were happening Yeah. Because people were against the Vietnam War and LBJ didn't believe that these could be organic protests. He believed that if they needed to seed the public with this idea that these protests were actually a foreign infiltration. And so they began this operation chaos to discredit people by pretending that they were foreign operators. Yeah. And that's exactly what they're doing to me, you and Tucker right now. And it's just amazing. And I'm like, guys, this is like, you don't just randomly just say Candace is funded by Qatar, Ian's funded by Qatar, they're all saying the same talking point, but while ignoring Bibi Netanyahu's trial for funding Qatar to give money to Hamas.


Like, which is incredible, Which is so damning in so many ways. And it's not to mention that, so chaos is the one where they're like surveilling and targeting and smearing and libeling these protesters. But that's overlapped over Cointel Pro, which was instated by j Edgar Hoover more so, although Cointel pro tactics are universal, but that's actually causing dissidents to fight each other, causing, like spreading rumors about Black Panthers sleeping with each other's wives, spreading, you know, salacious details that may or may not be true about Martin Luther King or other things. And it's, and to be clear, a lot of the rumors about Martin Luther King were probably somewhat true, but, but just sowing division amongst the ranks and getting people to fight each other so you can, and that was all enacted by j Edgar Hoover, who was being blackmailed by the Jewish mob for his sexual perversions at the time.


And so it's such a funny and tragic rewrite of like the exact same history as rhyming all over again in so many ways. And the Bible Says there's nothing new under the sun and I feel like we are right back in the sixties. Yeah. And I want people to recognize that because I gotta chill down my spine reading about the Black Panthers and, and COINTELPRO and recognizing that they infiltrated these groups because their biggest fear, and this was the entire thing behind the Charles Manson lie and pretending it was a race war that he wanted Yeah. Was they were very fearful of black nationalists and white liberals coming together. And I was sitting here going, oh my gosh, I have these beliefs. Like they're going through black planter's beliefs in this, in this book.


And they're like, you know, they believed in the Second Amendment that you should defend yourself. They didn't trust the government. They believed in like they needed to keep like their families together. And they feared, they freaked out when people on the left began supporting them. They didn't want union, so they wanted to sow racial discord. And I think about why so many liberals hated me because they thought I was like a self hating black person. And I'm going, guys, guys read this book, read this book. Like The CIA A is doing this all over again trying to discredit and trying to so discord and we really need to like stay together right Now. A hundred percent. And it actually, it ties into another, the thing that initially brought us together in content was Diddy, is that once they saw how powerful this, these black movements could be, because black people have had such a bad, like go of it politically in those earlier days especially, and then through the civil rights movement, they saw, oh my goodness, these people can really organize, these people can really pro like project quality arguments and make a difference.


We need to figure out, and I'm, I'm, you know, speculating a little bit as to the connections from A to B, but you wind up with black culture being propped up by a whole bunch of black mailers and really corrupt celebrities that are pulling strings in order to promote the most degenerate artists you could ever promote in order to promote culture that is a direct pipeline to prison, which is basically used as slave labor today by all the biggest corporations like Starbucks, McDonald's, Verizon, like your, you're you're calling your Verizon sales rep. And some of those calls are going into prisons to people that are getting paid like cents per hour. And so the, the, the way that the black community has been undermined since the sort of eighties and nineties through rap music is a big part of it is so tragic.


And it, I think that the seeds are sowed in that time period of the Black Panthers being such a threat, not a physical violent threat in most cases, but rather a political threat. Yeah. And that's really funny because I was reading a passage in the book club yesterday or the day before, and it speaks about how part of this program they infiltrated the Black Panthers and had a guy who got really close with the guy at the top, I think his name was Freddie, one of the guys at the top. And for months Freddie basically said, they're not doing anything illegal. Right? Yeah. And they're not doing anything illegal. They're not doing anything illegal and they didn't care. And one night they had him drug him, they and the FBI raided and shot him in the back of the head and killed him just because he had a following and they, this is what they were worried about with Martin Luther King.


And so the biggest fear that they have is nationalism, true nationalism like true America first, we don't wanna be involved in your war, we don't care about what's happening in Vietnam. We don't care how close you are to Israel, LBJ and the unity that could come between white people and black people. And So I, I really recommend people that are listening to this to read this book so that you have an understanding it will make you, it will force you to reexamine your relationship with the media when they're kind of using these tactics against people that are clearly not being funded by foreign nations. Like they're just gonna accuse us of exactly what it is that they're doing, which is committing themselves to a foreign nation. I do wanna circle back because of that to the point about RFK because I will say I kind of think, and this could just be me and this is gonna be people upset, but when I examine everything that I know about RFK juniors, about RF K's death, JFK's death, the truth behind those deaths, I do think he's a coward.


I I do think I, there is no way you would have me wrapped in an Israeli flag running around with Rabbi Schmoley with the lingering questions and the facts that we have about what happened with these two particular murders. And I just say that for me, like I would have to die on my feet. Like I couldn't do it, You know? Yeah, I do. I I always try to remind myself that there's factors I don't know at play. There's factors that I might not understand, but at the same time you are right. That what, how grievous would those factors have to be for them to legitimize this sort of an action from RFK Jr based upon what we know, like what he knows about Sirhan Sirhan and like that's his dad that Sirhan Sirhan allegedly killed.


Right. And you did a great piece on that the other day and it, it, it is tragic that i I I assume my presumption is that there's a compromise being made in his mind of I can put this issue to the side if it allows me to tackle this issue being like the vaccines and the health and all that. But then the problem is that I put out that video that blew the world up and I'm getting contacted by like Maha moms that have been involved in the movement for 10 years and by other people that were in the campaign. And one of the main like rumor mill concerns is that the vaccine stuff seems to not be being taken seriously that yeah, it seems like we are diverting to food over and over and over, which is good and that's great and I'm happy we're getting food die out of our food, but let's be real, millions of people were harmed and killed by this bio weapon that we know now was engineered by our government and our deep state and then was leaked out of a lab that we were running.


And then the vaccines were also already like funded and helped make like The CIA a helped make the mRNA technology that was used in those vaccines. And then the liability shields, like the, the amount of evidence that is being compiled as to the multi-billion dollar profit and the multi-million dollar death toll of this scam. And we're in that window right now where if they get away with it, like I said, it's like a post 2008 feeling to me where if we let them get away with it for enough years, no one's gonna ever be held accountable and they're gonna just go free with their billion dollar paychecks and no one held accountable. Right. And I can't help but wonder if the Maha movement has been infiltrated in some way in order to make compromises that you can do this, but not this, you can get this done, but it's just politics.


This is just how it works. And I guess we just can't whoopsies, I guess the vaccine thing is too controversial to do now, which Is crazy. Like this is the entire reason that people got behind him was to deal with this to give parents choice when it comes to vaccines. Like to say, no, actually no, you can't compel children and babies to get vaccines in order for them to be able to go to school and things of that nature and all of this taking, it seems to me a backseat. And I would say by the way, as an extension of that, also the MAGA movement, it sort of feels like they're doing the bare minimum for Americans and what we actually put 'em in office for and then doing the absolute maximum for like BB net and Yahoo's entire agenda while being like, well, but look, we, we did, at least Tom Holman did get out 2000 criminals in the the border.


We've stopped it and it's, this is a, we've asked you for a lot more. The mandate was a lot more. And yeah, you seem to have in just three months done so much for Israel, you know what I mean? If you, if we could dedicate that same energy to what you promised everyone that you were gonna do for Americans, that would be great. But once again, we're left feeling like this is just a slave colony. Yeah. And the, the fact that it's called the movement is called America First originally. And that is a stroke of genius because it is so hard. They're trying their best, but it's so hard to make what they're doing. Look America first and they're trying to do all these backwards arguments like how is passing speech laws that that could like in some cases criminalize or at the very least, you know, kick you outta school, pull your federal funding If you criticize Israel, there are no laws about racism in America.


There's no, If you Google right now, there is no recognized definition of racism by our government. But If you google America's official definition of antisemitism, there's a whole page on the state department's website about antisemitism. And so how do you call this America first when we are explicitly going against our first amendment of our constitution on behalf of a different nation. And inside of those guidelines they specifically say that saying that people, Jewish people would have more allegiance to Israel than to America because they're Jewish that's antisemitic to say crazy while out of their mouths. They're saying we need to do these things for Israel. Or like I am a Jew first above all else.


Things like that that are like, what are we, how are we going along with this cognitive dissonance?


Alright. Right guys. Interrupting this conversation to remind you about Preborn Ministries because when a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured to end her child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and many people around her are saying that the baby's not a life. That's where the ministry of Preborn steps in Preborn and their network of clinics offer compassionate and loving care to mothers as well as the support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life you consider yourself to be pro-life. It's time to join forces with Preborn. Together we can empower women to choose life. Empowering. The truth of motherhood can transform families and futures. One ultrasound costs just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of the lives that you helped to save. To donate, just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at Preborn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's Preborn dot com slash Candace.


Also reminding you guys about Tax Network USA because April is upon us, the RS is the largest collection agency in the world. And April 15th is fast approaching. It's more aggressive than ever. In 2025, enforcement has ramped up and If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is simply not an option. The longer that you do wait, it gets worse. Ignoring your tax troubles is the worst thing you could possibly do. Actually getting ahead of this now is the smart move, but you should never contact the IRS alone. Instead, let the experts at tax network USA handle it for you. Not all tax resolution companies are the same Tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, meaning that they know exactly which agents to deal with and which ones to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe $10,000 or 10 million tax network USA's attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. So speak with one of their strategists today because it's free. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or you can visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Again, that's tn usa.com/ Candace.


Do you think that there will be a moment where you, we are seeing Americans arrested because I I, I'm so shocked by the fact that they're arresting students that have green cards and getting them outta the, you know, kicking them outta the country. And I'm just going, was I alive for BLM when the Trump administration in 2016 took the approach that this was really wrong and radical and leftist, when people were demanding speech laws and hate speech laws for BBL M and we were talking about how wrong that was and now they've completely on a 180, this administration's on a 180 and they're like, but okay, but for the special category of Israel, we can, all of this is actually fine. Like woke is fine when it comes to Israel. Do you think there will come a time because they do have these laws?


Like if I go down to Florida, do you think like Ron DeSantis is gonna have me arrested if I criticize Israel? I don't know about Ron. I don't know how fast it'll happen, but in Europe it's already happening and they, If you notice the language, the IHRA definition, they've always been very intentional to say a non legally binding definition, which to me is a direct setup for where they're going. And this is something that people like to their credit, people like Whitney Webb have been talking about for quite some time that the surveillance state is vastly, like the vast majority of the surveillance state is built on Israeli technology by Israeli tech firms. And Palantir is a great example. Palantir funded JD Vance to the nines.


JD Vance is like, his whole inspiration for politics came from the Palantir and Peter Thiel space. And so those companies, they have massive ai ba ai led databases that are just surveillance maximal. And they have surveillance on our phones. They have surveillance in our schools, they have surveillance in our EMS response systems. And those databases are cataloging everything that we're doing. And we don't really have a lot of transparency on what they're cataloging. But when I'm looking at the policies and I'm looking at where Europe has gone with said policies and I'm looking at the people that are behind the policies in America, I, to me it looks like a direct walk from you are antisemitic to you support terrorists to you're a domestic terrorist.


Now we have a a reason to come after you. Wow. And I don't think that America will stand for it. I think that Americans are wise and I think that we were raised on a culture of liberty and freedom and freedom of speech. And I think that they're trying to do a thing that is impossible to do, but it's only impossible to do because of people like you. Because of people like Tucker, because of people in the media. I mean even people like Joe Rogan who gets called controlled opposition all the time. Like he chose to have the conversation he had with me. He chose to have conversations with people about vaccines. Like people will only go so far. And we have this media environment now where people that are wise and capable have enough reach to speak out and to to counter narrative. Right. And if, if we didn't, I would think that we'd already be there. But I think they're gonna try their hardest because it is an existential threat to the survival of the state of Israel, which is an existential threat to all Jews, is how a lot of people see it.


Even though that is anti-Semitic to say, based upon their new speech laws. Right. That's, that's, it's just absolutely incredible to see this happening. And I came up in politics with so many people who were fighting this BLM stuff fighting these laws and I just feel like they've become massive hypocrites because all they want is access to power. And they're willing to pretend like they have a total blind spot on this issue and just be consistent if people have a right to say what they want to say about any group of people if they want to. And the idea that there needs to be some special laws on the book that are, it's now creeping into the territory of saying that your religion is anti-Semitic. Oh, it's directly in the guidelines. Should the Jordan Peterson teaming up with the A DL to produce a report that didn't even spell psychology Right.


Which was a tremendous embarrassment for that video video to have gone out. Oh, How the Peterson star has fallen. I mean, I mean that's been something to see. Yeah. And it's sad because there's no, like I had no hatred at all when he wrote that. I don't know if we have that. Or He helped Red pill me in the first place. He helped get me thinking more critically about my beliefs when I was a leftist started. And it was BLM that that red pilled me. 'cause I was living in Bellingham, which is like micro Seattle. And my roommates were going out to like multi-thousand person protests in Seattle and then coming back and being mass Nazis. And I was just like, what is going on guys? This doesn't make sense. And I was watching the live streams of what was actually happening in Seattle and the chop in the Chaz like pallets of bricks, all sorts of stuff.


And I think BBL m is a good example of another movement that probably right from the very start was infiltrated by these people that run co intel pro and run these operations. And a lot of the black people that were involved in that I think had legitimate perspectives and legitimate grievances that would've gone about it a much different way had they been the ones solely in control the movement. But when you get your fangs in one of these movements early on, you can, and The CIA a has been studying this stuff since the sixties and before of how do you direct narratives to get people to follow things like cults, to get people to sort of be brainwashed by ideas, not just through hip hypnosis and drugs. Because that's how you get people doing your job for you going on tv even though you're not an operative, you're on TV vehemently defending Israel at all costs or vehemently defending transgenderism at all costs.


Even though your arguments make zero sense. And even like the slightest bit of conversation exposes what's going on here. If you control enough of the media and enough of the airwaves and you have enough people brainwashed to do this job for you, you can really take a, a movement like BLM right from the start and push it exactly where you want to go. And it's just so ironic to examine this happening under a Trump administration when, when Trump ran, the entire thing was, they kept saying he was Adolf Hitler. They kept saying he was anti-Semitic. It wasn't true. They looked through every possible venue to, to get this man dismissed because you know, he, he can't run for president. He's this, he's that.


And now he's allowing his administration to put into place laws Yeah. To condemn the very people that got him into the office on behalf of the people who tried to keep him out. Well, Mary Delson is Gonna Get her money's worth. That's for dang sure. Right. And So I just, I I always think back to one of the most awesome moments in political history, which was Trump on stage in the first debates rounds in the primaries in 2015, probably with Jeb Bush on stage. And Trump says, those are all their donors in the, in the audience. And I couldn't get any, 'cause it's only seats for donors. And I don't want your money. I don't need your money. And it was such a slap in the face moment. And that was a, maybe it was the same Trump, maybe it was all an act, I don't know. But that if like that energy is long gone, it's gone.


And, and I, I mean I'm optimistic about some of the things that are being done right now, but a lot of people are right on the money that that Biden, whoever was behind Biden crashed so much so intentionally. So obviously that it's hard not to wonder if that wasn't an intentional setup to lay the groundwork for Trump to get a whole bunch of easy wins. Right? Right. Because now Trump is coming in and Elon and him are doing all these easy wins that yes, they are good at face value and a lot of them are critical to have done, but they aren't even moving us back past the baseline in some instances. And in some instances they're actually creating a major void where, oh, we don't need all these bureaucrats to work this job. We should replace them with ai.


Like, we don't need all these people to do these jobs. We got technology that can take this over. And this is where the people on the internet that have been sort of ostracized for a long time talking about technocracy and about how we're walking closer and closer to this digital surveillance state. It wasn't, it's never been a popular take because it goes against both parties, but they've been sounding the alarm on Trump for a long time. And I'm not ready to say that they're necessarily right, but I am ready to say that everyone should be paying attention to this angle. I think it's crazy. Yeah. I mean it's totally crazy for me to see the MAGA movement, which I thought was based on wanting, you know, to go back to how America was Christian beliefs, hard work. And you know, now we have a person who's effectively living at the White House who has been very explicit in what he believes in.


Like he wants data. Okay. He is like, he's not in there because he's fi and everyone's, oh, you needed him for Doge. What are you talking about? You needed an accountant to accomplish Doge. It's just so weird. Yeah. And I think that the right, our issue is that we glorify these technocrats in the same way that the left glorifies celebrities. It's, it's, it's like they're mesmerized by Elon Musk's money. They're mesmerized by his success in the same way that a leftist might have been mesmerized by Taylor Swift's success and therefore willing to listen to her political things. He's never been fleshed out, there's never been a tough interview asking Elon Musk about how you're gonna shrink the very same government that you take money from that all of your businesses rely upon that you have contracts with. You know, and that's a very important question to ask him.


You don't need to, it doesn't need to be hostile, but what do you believe in? It's not family. Yeah. Right. So if we're talking about making America great again, we're talking about when we are on the basis of when, when we were based on our families and people were not being replaced by AI robots and not aspirationally wanting everyone to drive a Tesla or an electric car. I don't want an electric car. I want a gas guzzler forever. 'cause I know what comes with that is more control. Like I don't want Yeah. They can't shut your car off. They can't tell You how He can drive based on your social credit score. Right. And I feel like Elon Musk needs to clarify what he believes on those issues, because I don't want to become China and I don't know that Elon Musk doesn't want to become China because that would enrich him.


And I don't, and when people instantly defend him, I'm going, Elon Musk was not MAGA yesterday and now all of a sudden the MAGA can't question like original MAGA can't even question him. Yeah. Because he's standing next to Trump. And So I am, I, I certainly am questioning the circle of actors that are around Trump. And I have never felt good just on my spiritual vibes when it comes to Elon Musk. I feel he's a part of the Peter Thiel. We're just gonna get all of these people in line with AI and it's gonna be a tech future and we're gonna combine robots with humanity. And that will be that and we will do the thinking for you. Yeah. That's the vibe I get from These people.


And so there's, I I understand. So coming from the left has been really useful for me because I, I understand a lot of the arguments on the other side, this isn't really a left right thing, but I, I was taken in for a long time and I still, sometimes I entertain the idea that yeah, technology is coming regardless. We will march on and, you know, you could have a horrible person in charge of that transformation or you could have a good person in charge of that transformation. Elon has done an exceptional job politically speaking of branding himself as the good technocrat, as the technocrat you can trust as the one that's for free speech at all costs, though he's not. And the one that like founded all his own companies and he is amazing, but actually he didn't actually do the work to found a lot of those companies. Like, it's not exactly clear how brilliant his mind is at in those companies.


And the thing that actually really started to wake me up to it ironically, is the video game scandal that he had where If you even realize that Elon was faking that he was the number like top 10 video gamer at the hardest video game in the world. I didn't, it was fake. There's this whole scandal, it's fake and it's obviously fake and people exposed it at length online that clearly he didn't know what he was talking about. He didn't know how the items Work. Wait, slow this down because people might not have Yeah. I just recently heard from someone on my team about how he was the number one gamer, so slow this down, this Exceptionally hard video game. Okay. The kind of video game that, and, and I'm not super familiar with this video game, but I used to play a lot of video games and it's the kind of video game that people will play thousands of hours just to be able to beat the third boss out of 30 or something. I'm making numbers up, but it's like an insanely hard video game.


And so it's highly prestigious and he came to, like, he was in the top of the leaderboards worldwide and then this other video game Diablo four, I think it was same thing, top of the leaderboards. But then he started live streaming it and people realized that he didn't even know basic things like about how this item works and about the strategy of how you do this, like this movement thing to get the, and it was became, everyone was like, wait a minute, this is not a top video game player playing this game. And then they dug in more and it, it came out that basically the entire thing was, was a fake and, and the fact that, that you would construct some fake characterization of you as some top video gamer, which obviously you don't have the time to be the top video game player of this multi-thousand hour type of difficulty game while you're running six companies.


That's a ridiculous thing. Okay, stop me, I wish you hadn't told me this because my conspiracy theory, like where my brain goes naturally with him is that it's all too impossible. Yeah. Like you can't be running all of these businesses plus be the number one gamer given thousands of hours to some random game. And then I read this random, because that was where I was saying I was just like, that none of this makes any sense. And like we're just being told that he does do all of this stuff, but what if it's like actually like, no, the government created all of that stuff and then they just handed it to Elon Musk to the face of it so that people would be just adoring him and allow him to do whatever it was and allow him to get in there as if, as if he's just like a player working for somebody else. And I didn't wanna lean into that, but I, I genuinely just go, there's not enough hours in the day for all the things that we're supposed to believe Elon Musk is doing.


He was able to just leave all of these three big Companies while having baby mama drama all over the Place. Yes. All over the place. And then also I just find him to be quite volatile in terms of his treatment of people. Like even the Ashley St Clair thing. A hundred percent. And I'm going to lead successful businesses. You can't be like that. You have to be able to get along, take a little bit of criticism, right. Meaning we, and I think Steve Band hit the nail on the head when he said, you can't take any criticism and as soon as someone upsets him, he's like locking out your accounts over HB one visas. It's like, dude, well can't we just have like a debate about HB one visas? Yeah. I Thought this was the free speech platform. Yes. And suddenly he got very weird about it. And so now what you're saying is that was faked. Like that's a fact.


The video game one was, was faked. Yeah. And it, it kind of got off, you know, it kind of got pushed to the side because video gaming is sort of a cult culture. It's a very micro, like, it's a huge culture, but if you're not in video games, it's really easy. Don't easy if that not don with the gamer stuff come across your feet. Oh yeah. Gamer Gate is such a cool rabbit hole to go down that I got started Gamer Gate forever. Right. And so it was little things started to add up around Elon that I started to have more and more questions about. Is he really doing what we're being told he is doing while he is tweeting all day long? He tweets All day, all day long. Tweets all day. Right. And so it, it starts to get very concerning as far as where are we going and who is taking us there. Because right now this is more of a crypto conversation is there's a, a divide between centralized and decentralized and crypto is the obvious place for this.


Where the banks are trying to take the concept of crypto and turn it into this centralized digital currency model where, oh, it'll be just as good as crypto, but we'll control it from this, from the inside. So there'll be none of this crazy volatility. None of these crazy problems though I think that they created a lot of those problems to make crypto look bad. But crypto has lots of problems. Decentralized media has lots of problems. Like in our industry, the decentralized media, people get things wrong. Like we, we spread misinformation on accident. People can, you know, come in and spread misinformation on purpose. But would you rather live in a world where these systems are decentralized and we all control a small piece or where it's centralized and someone controls your brain chip and they can turn it off and lock you down in your home and control how far your car can drive If you don't play ball.


And so more and more it's looking like in crypto and finance, in AI and technology, in communications and media, in all these different aspects that control the world. We are seeing the decentralized technologies change, the change the game forever. Crypto changing money, media changing the news and information and, and over and over and over and more and more we're seeing figureheads being propped up that sort of seem to be on the team of decentralized, seem to be pro free speech seemed to be procr. And then we kind of like somehow walk into this world where actually it's gonna be this US government thing, or actually it's gonna be this like, we'll, we'll just run Grok and it'll be the best one ever.


You know, Things like that. Oh gosh, I wish you didn't tell me this because I've just been reading so much about, and speaking about Tavistock Institute, if you're familiar with that. Like they can quite literally just make someone a celebrity. Like they've been doing this since people who think that the hippies generation was totally natural and organic. It wasn't. No, it was literally they decided what music you would hear, how that music would impact you. They wanted people LSD, free sex, rock and roll. And a part of that was creating like the Beatles, like the Beatles is a perfect example. The Beatles was totally a psychological operation. Don't even get me started on that. But then just in the research that I've done of looking at Zelensky, for example, yes. He's clearly not the leader of Ukraine. He's an actor, a literal actor who was trained, who had Whole show About The being the president of Ukraine.


Yes. Before it's like programming That. And then everywhere you look, they're all actors. Yeah. Like Emmanuel Macron was an actor. He had no power. Anybody who was watching my brat Macron series walks away and understands that he has never been in control. He was literally, this is why the Elon Musk thing is bothering me because they just pretended that he had this like illustrious banking career when in reality David Rothschild just like held his hand up through everything. Yeah. And he didn't even know what Ibitda stood for. Didn't even know what Ida stood, Blew My Rothschild bank. Okay. So they do this, oh my gosh, it's a fact. The people who worked with Emmanuel Macron spoke out and said this like he never, they faked his, his, I'm saying SAT stores, but there was a a just the added, like the French S sat haven't watched it. It's more like an MBA program that everyone goes through at France and in France and it's basically like the cream of the crop go here.


And one year, Emmanuel Macron, who was an absolute idiot and somehow got into this program after not being able to get into it for a while, somebody held his magic hand and put him in it. They got their test results back and he was the top of the class and the class resulted 'cause they knew he was an idiot. Yeah. And they were like, these, these are fake results, fake results. So they canceled the exam results for the year, for the first time ever. And then when Emmanuel Crum became president, he canceled the entire program because it's, it's a massive blemish on his career. Imagine like Harvard sits for these exams and the entire like class revolts because they're like, Obama came in number one, they're like, there's no way he didn't know anything in class this entire time. You don't even know how he's in this school. That happened. Emmanuel didn't know anything about banking, he didn't know anything about anything when he was at school, a part of this business program.


And he was fake. He was just, he, he literally was installed as president of France with the Rothschilds behind him. So when you say something like that about Elon Musk, about the banking thing and potentially people just making his character, it doesn tend a chill down my spine because I just feel like there aren't enough hours in the day. Yeah. I mean, and ob the other obvious actor is Donald Trump. Unfortunately, like I don't think I, I still am of the mindset that Donald Trump is like his own bullheaded man that, you know, is doing his own thing. He was raised in the business world, he was raised, but I think that his own thing is closely aligned with enough of these people throughout his life that a lot of his incentive structures in his own soul are directly aligned with all these other people.


And it's not, it's not so clear to me that he is America first in the way that Americans are America first. So the reason why I always had such belief in Trump initially was because they hated him so much. Exactly. They, they made it very Hundred hard for him. Like, you know what, Emanuel Macron, the media loved him. They covered her, him, they had, they hi every blemish Trump was the exact opposite in 2016. So I was very inclined to believe this was actually an America first movement. And he, they fought him tooth and nail every day of the first four years. Now all of a sudden things, things are different, you know, and everyone can feel that it's different and people don't wanna admit that it's different. Fine. If you really want to not acknowledge reality and what's happening. But it is true that I feel like everything changed the day that Miriam Adelson wrote that $100 million check to him.


Yep.


Alright, well if there are two things in life that are certain it would be death and taxes and now you might be able to add a third because if you're with Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, you could be saving a fortune every month by switching to PureTalk PureTalk. My cell phone company is cutting the fat from the wireless industry for just 25 bucks a month. You can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data on America's most dependable 5G network. The average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to PureTalk. That is real money back in your pocket. And with Pure Talk's US customer service team, you can switch hassle-free in as little as 10 minutes. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now. Go to PureTalk dot com slash owens to make the switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens to start saving today. PureTalk Wireless buy Americans for Americans.


Also in reminding you guys about American Financing because interest rates have finally dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills, the eggs, coffee and you're reaching for the credit cards to pay for a lot of this. Well, if you're a homeowner, interest rates have fallen into the fives. That's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is that there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are currently insane. If you're carrying around a balance every month and you're stuck in an endless cycle, you can break free today by calling American Financing and seeing how much you could be saving. If you start now, you may even be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Yeah, and it's, it's, it can be very depressing to think this way. And I actually don't take that perspective. I think it's highly encouraging because the world was always this way. The world was always controlled. We were always being fed celebrities, we were always running blackmail schemes. There was always all this horrible sexual criminality going on towards children. All these things have always existed and in many cases they were way darker like 500 years ago. And it's not, not like it's really depressing to read about the actual criminal underbelly of the world, you know, from 50 years and beyond. But now we just know about it. And that is deeply enlightening and that is deeply encouraging. 'cause we're at this transformative time when AI is coming. Robots are coming like the decentralization of media and all of our power systems through our phones to be able to be in this world and making a difference.


It's here and it's coming and it's, and it's actually really encouraging to me that we all get to take part in it and we all get to have a say. And that's why I keep coming back to this decentralized versus centralized is decentralization is like the American ideal. We all have a voice, we all have a vote, and we all can influence our country and our world together. And they are, and they, all of their systems, all these control systems, these political systems, these blackmail systems, they're from an age when it was all centralized and they controlled the media and they controlled the newspapers and they controlled the radio. And they, we have been watching them stumble over trying to adapt these old strategies and these old operations and programs to this new era. And many of them have been bungled and been exposed.


Like Jeffrey Epstein for example, the one of Whitney Webb's primary criticisms of my representation of her work that was a good criticism was that I focused, I have focused a lot on Jeffrey Epstein in the earlier days in the old school, black male and the sort of in-person blackmail he was running. But over the last decade, especially of his life, he was trying to transition into technology and to getting access to the technocrats and getting into digital blackmail. And he was funding projects like these Palantir style projects. Carbine 9 1 1 is a good example where suddenly you don't even need blackmail operations because you've got everyone addicted to porn and you've got them all on this weird next thing that AI is putting in front of their faces. And so suddenly all you need to do is have access to their computers and their phones.


And most people are immoral anyways and don't follow God because they've demonized God pretty dying. Good. And so we we're, they're trying their best to race to adapt those old systems. And I think in a lot of cases they're not capable of doing it, but they are powerful systems and we do need to be careful. We do need to talk about it because I think that a lot, like we live in this bubble of thinkers. We live with an audience of, of intelligent people that want to know more about the world, but the vast majority of Americans are still like, what did Sexy Red do today? Like, oh my gosh, I love sexy Red. It's actually so funny because I've always just instinctually known that pornography is a black male, a operation. It's common sense to me. Yeah. That If you want to, basically they're becoming the taste makers.


It's becoming more and more deranged what they're offering. Yeah. Right. So you get everybody on PornHub and you first have like relations between men and women when pornography first takes off. And then you make it more and more and more perverted and deranged and you know that that addiction in their mind, they're looking as, they're watching porn for more and more and more aggressive and deranged porn. And then you've got them, right? You've got their IP address and this person you now know is looking at this kind of porn. And so when you take a look at who is owning porn and you, and you look at the, the connections, there you go. Okay. This is obviously in its in and of itself a black male operation. And that's why I say to men, don't watch porn. You shouldn't watch porn. You are not in, in my world because I'm Catholic and you're not allowed to.


Yeah. But If you need a more, if you're a person who's like, I need a less theological reason, well I'm telling you it's because you're gonna get blackmailed like that. Don't, the porn is not here. And I think about how weird it was that in school they were telling us it's healthy to watch porn. That is so bizarre. Think about How weird is to reflect on that so messed like, it's like, oh no, it's healthy for men to watch porn once in a while and telling you like, it's okay. Yeah. Why would the school do that? Yeah. Why would the school be telling you to watch pornography for The exact same reason why they would be telling boys that they can become girls and girls, that they can become boys. Right. And this is a message directly to men. So If you can't get behind the theological reasoning for it, and you can't get behind the black male reasoning for it because you don't think you're ever gonna be important enough, get behind the success reason for it. Because pornography deeply kills your drive for success.


And it deeply disconnects you from the world and it deeply disconnects you from your masculinity and your, your testosterone systems. And when you're watching porn, you are just sedated. You are naturally sedated. And that's, and I understand, like I grew up in the generation that was put, porn was put in front of our faces and our parents had no understanding of what it was and what was happening. And most people in my generation saw their first pornography like at age eight or 11, like at their friend's house. And so everyone in the millennial generation sort of had to find their own way through that narrative. And almost no one escaped. But it is on us to escape from it. And to realize that If you let yourself stay in that hole, that will in forever tarnish your relationships with women. And you will never be able to know the true depth of, of happiness that you can have when you like start a family and love your wife and raise children and be a good role model.


And that's so pervasive today. And so many people are deep in that pit or even just a little bit in that pit. 'cause it's no big deal that If you don't watch it, you are in the top 0.01% of men inherently. And that's in terms of how your brain works, in terms of how your body works, in terms of your testosterone, all these things. And, and it's just the most obvious and it's very difficult. It's very difficult for men, I think. And especially some of the most capable men have some of, and same with women. It's like the most capable women, the most beautiful women, the most the women that understand how to manipulate the system's the best. They're the ones that are like, why wouldn't I engage in these behaviors? Why wouldn't I make free money? Like, I don't even need to show this stuff.


I can just do this stuff and I'll make a million dollars. But it, it is subversive in every way. Not just politically and blackmail, but also just culturally and dividing families and dividing our, the what makes the soul of America. And they've in intentionally introduced it everywhere. And there is a, I mean, I'm sorry, but a direct corollary from when they took the Bible outta the classroom, that was all very intentional. Understand you should go back and learn in history. Who pushed for that to happen? You have the sixties generation. The reason The CIA a was doing this was because they wanted to crush Christian culture. I mean, explicitly. There's a guy, what is his name? I think it's Al Goldstein. You got No, you got, you gotta pull up this Wikipedia, Skyler, If you could pull up Al Goldstein on Wikipedia explicitly said like we created pornography.


Yes. Because we hate Christ. This is the literal quote. It's so crazy to read this. Here it is. It's quote, the only reason that Jews are in pornography is that we think that Christ sucks. Catholicism sucks. We don't believe in authoritarianism. Pornography thus becomes a way of defiling a Christian culture. And as it penetrates to the very heart of the American mainstream and is no doubt consumed by those very same wasps, its subversive character becomes more charged end quote. I mean, that is just unbelievable. Like, whoa. A hundred percent. It's like, take it to the bank. We created pornography because we hate Christ. And it's always, this is not like a conspiracy theory.


And so this guy says this, and you go to yourself, okay, everything that is happening is antichrist, right? So we know that as Catholics, you're not spo you keep your families together. You're supposed to save your virginity. We don't believe in birth control. We EE everything that's happening now is counter to Christ culture. It's literally antichrist. Okay. And so you examine that and you go, okay, now they're telling kids like, yeah, no, you, you can have mul, you should have multiple partners. Like this is all about like sex freedom, dating And hookup culture, Dating and hookup culture, no pornography. It's totally natural and healthy for you to watch It together, Watch it together.


That'd be good for Your relationship. What What we learn. It's good for your relationship and it's the exact opposite for your relationship. Yeah. And they've introduced pornography. Just to be clear, we always talk about hardcore pornography and PornHub, but it's everywhere. And I never realized this until my husband, my husband said, I was like, why? Why don't you wanna be on social media? He's like, 'cause it's all soft core porn. Yeah. He's like, you turn on, you open the news. We are reading the daily mail, and suddenly you have some woman's butt cheeks in your face. Yeah. You are on Twitter and it's offering you people porn. Women just dress this way. And he's like, I mean, anyone, men are hard hardwired. You're they're selling a a bag. Yeah. They're like, okay, I can't just sell a Stanis cup. I have to also be halfway naked and then do this. Yeah. Why, why can't you just say, Hey, If you wanna support the show, go to can, they can't do it because they're, they're actually making pornography.


It's something that, it's almost impossible for men who are hardwired towards that stuff to resist. And there's, there's a true evil in that because I recognize that in Japan, it's nowhere. Yep. I did not realize how strange it is that every commercial in America is sexual until I went to Japan where their whole thing is like, make everything cute. Like, you know, so like, if you're gonna sell it, it has to be like Muppet talking. And I looked around and I went, there's no billboards, there's no boobs, there's no ass what's going on? There Is a lot of repressed weird sexuality in Japan. There definitely is. And, and that's a whole other thing, whole nother Category. But they, but it, it is like, 'cause this is a global force and, and who knows who's behind it, but there is a global force kind of pushing for these things. Because when you separate families, when you divide cultures and, and nations and like the things that keep us tight together, when you divide all that, we are so much more easily controlled, more easily depressed, more easily medicated, more, more in more lonely and in need of the government to give us things to satiate us and to just, you know, pass the time and to make life bearable while we go to work every day.


And I just, you're, you're on the point of like sort of how sex has always sold and it's getting more and more overt, but there's this other aspect that is that I've been noticing and it's OnlyFans. And that OnlyFans, at first, it was so easy for people to paint it as like this great thing where they're gonna empower the creators and they're gonna make, make the porn industry safer and they're gonna like let the women be in control. And then OnlyFans started doing PG content where they would take porn stars and OnlyFans creators and they would have them do normal TV shows. And this is happening right now. So it's like a travel show or like a cooking show, but it's like a porn star doing a cooking show so that then you can have this porn star on tv, on mainstream daytime television.


And you can have your five-year-old, your 8-year-old, your 12-year-old watching a porn star cook food. And it's totally normal. And that is like subversion 1 0 1 is start to just blur the lines more and more and get more and more people. Make it normalized, make it part of culture and society. And the exact same way that lgbtqia a plus is just like, just trying to bleed into our schools and into our conver like as though it's just normal. And I pray and like I pray that we are waking up in time because for me it was this learning, it was programs like yours and learning about how subversive all this is and how hard the devil seems to be working to weed its way into everything. That's what got me to think about the Bible in the first place.


And I'm still on my own journey trying to figure that out and trying to figure out what I believe. But I would, I was raised with no religion and it was learning about how evil some of these people are and how they are directly trying to subvert Christian religion. That's what got me to be like, huh, that's weird. I wonder what's on the other side of that debate. Hmm. That's exactly right. It's when you start to realize how overtly they're trying to just attack everything e every pillar of Christianity that you go, this can't just keep being a coincidence. Like they're, which means that since they're doing this under a web of lies, that they, they know that this is the truth. Yeah. They, and they, they wanted detach people from that reality. They wanted detach people from understanding that, you know, you have a creator, you have one creator, and you and you have a soul.


And it, the stuff that you are doing actually matters. Instead, they want people believing in tech and worshiping tech, tech is gonna get you to the next level. I'm like, I don't know what this is. You think you're recreating like the tree of life and you think that people are gonna come and worship the tech lords and you're gonna be able to basically dominate earth and you're gonna be, you guys are gonna become God, but it doesn't work for me. Yeah. And I'm not interested in a brain chip in my brain. I don't wanna drive your electric car, want my family to stay together. I wanna be able to make decisions. I wanna be able to criticize someone. I want the right to hate somebody because of their race. Okay. I wanna be able to be like, yeah, you know what? I do hate white people. You know why? 'cause I can say that because I'm in America and that's totally fine for me to say. And, And as a white person, I should have the spine to be like, cool, I'm not a, like, I don't care.


Yeah. Whatever dude. Yeah. Like that doesn't hurt me. No. And trying who cares to trying to criminalize that was what was really trigger for me was them at the exact same t time that they're trying to train us to believe that speech is violence. They're also trying to train us to believe that actual violence is not violence. Yes. So it's like a bunch of Palestinian kids being blown up that how dare you comment and say that that's wrong. That's, that is understandable. Violence. And then it's like Kanye tweets something and it's like, oh my gosh, no, this must, every person must make a statement and condemn him for his speech violence. That that could really be really bad. And I'm, I'm more awake than that, you know? And I know how important it is to protect speech because otherwise you will get a government that is doing demented and demonic things and you will not be able to question that government.


And I feel that we are inching closer to that. And I, it pains me to say that I don't feel that guardrails have been set up under Trump who I have supported for eight years. It pains me to say, but I now feel that he has just allowed his administration to run things and is not doing what I put him in office to do. Or not, or at least not prioritizing what I put him in office to do. They had a very clear mandate coming in and it was America first in every sense of the word. And the deportation stuff has been a huge mess. Right? Like so much of the government, you know, getting the government uncorrupted kind of been a mess. Some of it's been great. It's been easy to paint it on Twitter and get lots of views for, you know, promoting his last thing that he cut or the last thing that he, you know, uncovered and exposed, which a lot of that doge stuff was actually publicly available information in the first place.


Like a lot of that was already out there. And at the same time, the the real like Israel first bent to it all is scary. And the, and the JD Vance Peter Thiel connection where JD Vance is getting propped up as like 2028 presidential run kind of material is scary. 'cause JD Vance is very skilled and I've really enjoyed everything he said on camera. Like, he is an excellent public speaker. And his debate was amazing and I didn't know anything about him beforehand. And he's very good at what he does, but when you actually research how he came up and how he got put into that position who funded him all the way up, it just looks like they're setting us up for 2028 to be the next step down this road. And trying to keep themselves positioned as the good guys is like, they need us to be on their team right behind them on team victory all the way.


Well, the reality is, is that American sentiments are shifting and it's not gonna be enough. I don't think propping up people is enough anymore. I think people are very much awake to what's happening. Yeah. And that's what terrifies them. That's why they're running this operation Coad Telpro two and Chaos two, trying to make people not believe in us and make us think that we're the ones that are sold out. And by the way, do wanna say this too, like their strategies are laughable. Like they're so boomer cringe. Oh man. Like the woke, right. Trying to keep pretending and like the woke Right. Confusing what woke, like everyone knows it's you like, and they spend hours on Twitter. This is what the real woke Wright is. This is what the real woke Anybody who doesn't like Israel's the woke w Right guys, we all know who it is.


Okay. It is. You could spend, create an entire liturgy of Woke Wright, we're awake, we know it's you. We know it's you. Neverending Wars. Like, especially when Meghan McCain trying to weigh in. I'm like, no, no guys, this is way too obvious. Yeah. But you don't want her on your team. Yeah. Their strategies now are like, we're gonna say we're gonna criminalize just asking questions. I'm like, this is such a bad idea. I'm like watching their PR from afar and I'm just like, guys, you're not winning anybody. You're just not winning anybody with this. And they can't stop themselves. The Babylon bee's brains are broken over there and it, it just, they're, they've aged out. I think they just like aged out of PR and understanding like what Gen Z is and understanding like how the millennial sentiment and they're just kind of engaging in really weird PR tactics of like, we're gonna issue a report on Christ is king.


I'm going, guys, what are you doing? No one's falling for this right now. I mean, you said they've aged out. I would argue that they have truth doubt in the sense that the decentralized media has opened all of us up. So they can't control what everyone's seeing and hearing anymore. And the truth is so powerful and you know, you might say God is so powerful because the thing, so there's this quote I always come back to, and I heard it from Ryan Dawson first, but it might've been older than that. And it was that a line needs to be spoken a thousand times to be believed the truth only once. Right. And it's because you need to just hammer that into people. But the truth just spreads itself because everyone has a brain, everyone has a soul. Everyone in instinctively does hear God deep down inside of them that like in their own heart telling them what's true.


And when you hear truth, you know it. Right. And I think that they're doing everything they can to divorce people from truth, divorce people from God, divorce people from each other, and then fill their alone time with garbage. Because it's when you're alone that it's just you and God. It's just you and, and and your soul. Right. And If you are the kind of person that can't be alone, that can't have a night alone at home without drinking or smoking or watching porn or doing all these other things, and it's like, I'm not judging you. I have no, you know, like I have, I'm not a perfect person throughout my life either. But if, If you aren't the kind of person that can just be with yourself that can just read a book and be at peace, can be with your own thoughts and be at peace, that is their goal, is to stop us from being able to do that. To stop us from believing in who we are and being able to connect as real human to human, which is what Maha is all about.


Maha is all about getting back to being healthy humans that have healthy habits, that have healthy relationships, that build a strong country and community. Right. Yeah. I totally agree. And and you are right. I think that is what it is, is their lies just seem louder and more erratic now than they've ever been. And they just fear more people telling the truth and they seem, they also seem angry. Yeah. That you can sense they're losing control. Yeah. Because we're all so happy and we're sharing the stuff and we're excited that we're learning outside of the public education system and we're recommending books and we're admitting when we get something wrong. It's crazy. Oh my gosh. And they're just, just kidding people with utter arrogance and definitions and this is what this is and you will be this and you will be called names.


And I think they almost, they know Yeah, they know that sucks To be on a losing team. It does. Like, it's like they can see it, they know it's over, they know that they're losing control and they're just kind of becoming undone. And you're right. That is the power of Christ. And that is what I have always maintained it through last year to now is just when I say Christ is king, you can't defeat truth. You know that He, the truth, the light, the way, there's nothing you can do to stop this. You're just, and watching, watching it, watching them come apart, I, I can't deny the fact that it's been entertaining. Like it's been a, it's been someone entertaining being like it. Oh wow. The truth really upsets you that much, that you're just gonna keep screaming. And I guess let's maybe write 30 more articles about Ian Carol and Candace Owens and Tucker Carlson.


Let's see if we can get four 50 more out today on your reporter group chat coming every which way. And it does nothing to diminish our platforms because people do know truth when they hear it, it Only elevates them. Yeah. It only helps magnify the truth. Yeah. Yeah. I think that, I think that's like actually an amazing place to end. Ian, what's next for you? Because you are now under fire. I love watching what you're going through because I remember like when I first got Yeah. Caught a little bit of fire and then like every which direction people were just making stuff up. I've heard you're everything from like in the Mossad Oh yeah. To Adolf Hitler. Yep. Which Is it? Everything in between Which one is true. I'm funded by Madagascar actually. Ah, I didn't want to, the, the news leaked that Madagascar had so much tariffs And so now it's kind of out there, but, but I'm actually quite poor and my plan is to start taking my job a lot more seriously and, and being more effective because through all the slings and arrows, through the crazy rise I've had and through, I've, I've purposely not actually gotten very much money because I didn't wanna work with big companies.


Didn didn't wanna take brand deals. And I still, I still don't, I want to do my own thing, my own way. And, and through all this madness I've seen how messy the like Twitter sphere can get, how, how messy the online kind of back and forth can get. And so I've been really inspired by people like you that are more on their own train of thought and more doing their own digs and their own research and just staying in that lane and not not getting distracted by all the noise. And so I'm trying to focus more on YouTube and more on the products and the corporation stuff along the side too. There's a whole other thing coming out around that that I'll be talking about in the next month or so and just do my own thing. And, and sort of like you, you're right that we are also happy and it's because we have things that we're working on that matter that mean something to us that fill our life with meaning.


And I think that's the best indicator of are you on the right path? Is are you doing things that fill your life with meaning that even while the world is burning all around you, you still know that you and your family are on the right path. And I'm on it and I feel it and I love it and it's amazing and I'm just getting better and better at honing in on what is that path and keeping all the other noise out. So do You have a way that people can subscribe and support? Yeah. Yeah. They can follow me on X at Ian Carroll show and I have a new website that is a part of this new direction I'm going, which is cancel ian carroll.com, which is where I've moved all the Merch to So I don't have to deal with my own Merch anymore. I got a company helping me with that and that is the best place to follow along for more updates because there are more updates coming. Okay. My YouTube channel as well, I'll be doing a lot more on that. And that is cancel Ian Carroll on YouTube.


Okay. And If you guys are on YouTube, we'll link all of this in the descriptions that you can follow him and we'll also pin it on the top of comments. You can follow him. You know, we just have to recognize our own power, you guys, and I think it's amazing. Like, I always wanna leave you guys an optimistic note because as like I said, when we're seeing this stuff falling apart and we're seeing independent voices come to the top and we're seeing the old guard kind of try to say that these voices are funded, it should excite you. You should, you should know that it means that they're scared and that they're on the run and that the old systems are failing for a reason. And ultimately, like the sweatshirt I'm wearing today, Christ is king, guys, we, we are going to win this thing by recognizing that ultimately what they've been fighting is the, the truth of the Bible.


I really do see it. It is a spiritual war that is upon us and left and right. We need to stay together and not allow them to pull us apart. Again, it's the number one thing that they fear is us having, recognizing who the true enemy is and it it isn't your average American. Absolutely. All Right guys, well, you can head to Candace Owens dot com to continue, continue to support our work. You've already done a tremendous job supporting me in my independent career and I appreciate you because I was terrified stepping out on my own. It's, it is a terrifying thing, but I knew that it was the right thing to do and it's, I hope the exact same thing for Ian. He's been amazing. If you've been following his journey, he's under attack. I love it. He's gonna be fine. I'm not even worried about him. I, I laugh at the attacks on him and we will see you guys on Monday.