
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


All right, we're gonna just start now. You said you were extremely nervous. Nobody believe That. No, I know. I don't like to wait around. That's not true. It Is true. Why would I say it's not like, it's not like I'm saying. Oh, guess what? I see visions of angels and they're giving me guidance. I'm saying I get nervous. No one would make that claim to make yourself seem or feel better. Would you? What? Like, like If you think it's some sort of reverse modesty. Mm. Oh, I'm nervous because I'm so fragile and not at all vain. No, I just think that you're a famous actor. You know? So I feel that you don't get nervous when there's cameras around. But maybe I'm wrong. 'cause this is the real you. It's probably easier to be somebody else. Actually that was also annoying. Being someone else was annoying. I don't think there's anyone you can be where it's not ultimately annoying unless what you're actually doing is finding yourself in the constant living flow.


What it is is feeling like suspended. That's what I don't like. I don't like the sense of suspension. Hmm. Purgatorial. I like to be in the flow of it. So I feel like, and and you know, that's difficult 'cause when you are an actor, there's a continual tension between what's happening technically and what's happening on screen. And that, and, and the power balance will be dependent on what type of director you have. Sometimes you have directors that are very, like, obviously there're a standard that has to be achieved with light and framing and cinematography, et cetera. But some people are very much like, no, I just wanna see people affecting one another with words. I just wanna see at performances. And other people are like, really? Like, say something like Kubrick. All he cares about is making sure that it's a molecular level.


Precisely what he envisaged. The vision is apparently so clear that he just needs to move people around through sort of a pre imagined set of shadows and stations that you could foresee. That's the nature of, I suppose, Kubrick's genius. And me, like, I would like it that just everything. Like I've probably to my detriment, God, just film it. Just film it and we'll work all anything else out after like, oh look, my hand's in that shot. What? You know what I mean? Is that is, you know, they said that's a nightmare for someone. It's the wrong skin tone. We could pretend it's like that. It's Candace's hand. It's madness. It doesn't make sense. Oh no. Whatcha doing? Hey. Having a better time with working better for you like That.


Now why did you pick that voice in your hand? I Just Didn't work. I think I do this character with my kids, Like, you know, well, come on man. Let's As soon as we go to bed, isn't it bedtime please? Capitulate damn kids. Yeah. Why don't you do what I ask you? You would be a very fun dad. That's what I would say. Definitely. I'm doing good, I think. Yeah, because you get, you get to create a bunch of characters and that's pretty much what, what raising toddlers is raising children is there's a bunch of characters. Yeah. I, I, that's what I'm doing. There's a real cast of characters my kids encounter. Make them the heroes of their own drama. Bring forth who they are. You know what I think Candice the word parent and the word parentheses. Parentheses like brackets.


You're holding them. Don't interfere with them. Let them grow. Let them be who they are. Just keep enough space around 'em so the state doesn't get in there and turn 'em into little freaks or weirdos or their friends. Don't teach 'em some mad new vernacular or crap slang. Turn 'em into, into little d drs. Mm. Do you know what I would say is I feel that my Wikipedia page should be updated. And so should your Wikipedia be updated to reflect the fact that I saved you from communism. And I remember that day, which made you a much better parent. Like your poor kids were one, they had this communist parent raising them. And then I blew into England and rescued you. And so you were, there's in the much so transformation, right?


Since you were old fashioned commie. Now you now hear me? Good woman. What happened was is I was and remain anti-establishment. Anti-establishment. So I, I was ever like as in common. So I think what we should do is give maximum power to the state. You had the Hammer and sickle flag. It was waving. I did have a hammer and sickle flag. Okay. And I was dressed as she ga vara and I was reading D Capal. Yes, yes. And I did have my own little gula in the garden where I did, I must say imprison intellectuals. Yes, I did make them toil there. I made them toil in Siberia. But other than that, I had no affiliation. It was above Warren with Communism.


No, because really in a sense, don't you think there is some source, some divine force that's trying to express itself through you? And isn't it our function to cleanse the channel that we may become clear? What was he doing by a chesterton's reckoning, at least St. Francis, when he went into that cave and burrow downwards to the point where you burrow down enough and in the end, If you were burrowing into the center of the earth, this is chesterton's image that you would ultimately end up burrowing upward. Mm, some inconceivable point. You are no longer in descent. You are in ascent. St. Francis having been called by his own father, a fool in court because St. Francis was so in love with raising money for the church that he nicked his dad's textile, sold him off to repair a church.


Well, his father was bit annoyed about that. Dragged his boy through the courts from the mere Francis, the ordinary Buccaneer cavalier horseback riding, occasionally beheading mad goon Francis becomes Saint Francis and says, if I am a fool, as my father declares, let me be a fool in the court of Christ, let me be a jester for our Lord. He just takes a peasants brown robe and ties it up with a rope. Within five years, thousands of men are adorned with that uniform. Surely it is our job to become saints Candace. Surely that's what we're supposed to do. And we may grab art artifacts and archetypes from the culture and from deeper realms. But we are on our way back home.


We are on our way to eternity. So when you came around my house, I remember you prancing, you p pranced, I did you p PRD around my podcast studio and oh, everyone's just gonna get on and we're gonna have immigrants and everything's gonna be okay. I remember thinking even though I'm bi di biometrically diametrically opposed to this woman in many, many ways, I see in her deep joy and I like her, even though I've just been speaking to a, a, a black academic in my country who I respect who said that Candace Owens is the black face of white racism. I thought this is not what this woman is. She is deeper and more profound than that. She's doing something interesting. And also we can't keep going on like finding very legitimizing ways to not like one another.


What would make it legitimate for me to not like a person? Well, if this were true, then I could suppose I could legitimately dislike them. It's our duty to love and it's our duty to become who he would have us be. But You know what, I, I think that actually I changed so much in that moment as well. And I agree with you. I very much agree with you. And I think s of the Cathar think more people are watching this show because of the changes that I've made. Because I was thinking in that vein, this is the left, this is the right, and he is on the left and I am on the right. And then you sort of realize that actually we have a lot more in common and more of us are way more in the middle. And it's like these extremities are don't actually mean anything. There's so, so, so few people that actually operate in that extreme.


And that's why I never actually took you for a leftist because you're way too tolerant. I mean, we had so much fun, I didn't care. I actually had fun kind of dueling with you intellectually. And you'd say, but don't you think this and eating whatever you were eating out of that little bowl of snacks you had while you just had me there for two and a half hours, Two and a half hours, was it, it was Fantastic. And people loved it. And it was like the first time where you, I checked the comment section and people were thrilled, like left and right, were thrilled because they were so refreshed by people not sitting across from each other simply to hate each other. And that's a problem that we have and that's a, that's a major problem that we have. But I will say that I'm tremendously optimistic. 'cause I think it's, it's something is, is changing. I'm not sure what to attribute that change to.


But culturally things are changing. My prayer and my faith is that Christ is on the move in our culture. That Christ has weed of these false taxonomies of this left and right ideas born out of industrialization and mechanization and the concomitant social movements that are no longer relevant as we stand on the precipice of the third great anthropological revolution, technology technological revolution at scale. That means that attention consciousness itself could be commanded in, in previously inconceivable ways that all things come from him. He, that our father in heaven that is the same a thousand years ago as he will be tomorrow, he that is outside as outside of time.


And what I feel might be our challenge is to, for us to be messengers of this deep truth, that the technology that currently exists can be used to create a kind of diaspora, a mass decentralization. There is no requirement for centralized institutions, either economic and private, commercial or state bureaucratic, that there was a hundred years ago or 500 years ago, that this is a time where you could be afforded a degree of autonomy, control and agency in the life of your family and of your community. And what excites me about that, Candace, is that we would be able to diffuse this constant polarity and this constant tension.


If you want to sign off and sign out from the experiment of your nation, whether it's France or Romania or the UK or the United States, why wouldn't you, why ought you be tethered to worldliness? Why do they want us to treat the state and the world as if it were a kind of religion? Why do they lay claim to the powers of the God that they deny even exist? They want your constant feely. We today, we believe this. It's a new doctrine today we have a new cast of saints that we want you to revere all the while making the claim that it's ridiculous that we believe in the birth of the Son of God, the death of the Son of God for our sins and his resurrection, that we may know eternal life. They invite us to believe in these detrimental, ridiculous faith-based systems.


If you ask me somewhat toy, they lack only the forgiveness and majesty of our glorious Faith. You know, I, I have to force you to read this book. It's in tatter sitting next to me. I have a book club and we're reading Hollywood Babylon. And I just, oh God, what's going on over there? Fantastic book, Filthy Sleeves, Well written by Kenneth Anger in the sixties and got banned from the United States because he just was, he was, you know, a member of the occult and friends with Alistair Crowley and just basically told all the secrets of how they established Hollywood, which is not something that we often think about because Hollywood was always a thing. And you came up in Hollywood. And one of the things that's really interesting about you that I covered on the show is that it seems to be the way, whether it's you, whether it's Justin Bieber, whether it's, you know, Kanye when he first, when you kind of go, okay, Hollywood actually is not fulfilling me and I need something else and I'm kind of done being my own pagan God.


And you start to turn to these themes that we are talking about, eternal truth, we start to turn to Christ, it seems like this isn't okay. They said, no, no, no, no. They, they want you to exist within the me, myself, the selfishness. And then when you turn that off and you start to represent something truer to your audiences, suddenly the media turns on you. Yeah. And this book really reflects that. And it's called Hollywood Babylon because he's telling you that that was, it was established as a sort of faith. They intentionally called the movie houses cathedrals. They were trying to mimic Catholicism by turning it on a ted, getting people to worship the stars. Why did they call them Hollywood stars? They wanted people to worship stars.


Brilliant, actually. Brilliant. So true. And he is totally demonic in a cult. And the, the stuff that he brought forward, the author of this Kenneth Anger who, you know, contributed to these sort of, you know, 'cause he was explaining how they really believed in sex magic and Hollywood, Babylon, all of these people that established it. But he's telling the truth, these were his friends and for this book to have been banned in America, which I still cannot comprehend, how it was banned in America before they allowed it to be reprint. And they removed certain passages from it. Fascinating story. You should read it because I think coming from Hollywood and seeing that and experiencing that, I feel like the media loved you and then you found Christ and they were like, no Russell brands, no, he's terrible. Nevermind. He's a really bad guy.


Don't let him tell you anything that might supply your life with a bit more purpose and direction and meaning and true meaning. Well that's, thank you. And in a sense it's a, a flattering analysis. 'cause I reckon that my exiling from that particular little citadel owes much to blunt economics. But I would say also that that is the scrutiny deployed in that book there seems Candice to me absolutely 100% right. And there's nothing more appealing than being told that yes, you are right, you are fantastic. Like, like a culture that will tell you that you are brilliant. Now, most people I know that have become entertainers, there are rare exceptions, have some grain in them of terrible, terrible self-doubt and terrible loathing.


I mean, don't all of us as human beings in fact have that? Because understandably, we are fallen and we are broken and we can never be healed or whole alone, not without him, not without his sacrifice. Now, like when you are in Hollywood and you are told, actually no, there's nothing wrong with your infantile desires and your urges and your narcissism and your hedonism. They find ways of monitoring and maneuvering those ideas. But it in fact is built upon, as you said, rightly paganism, the idea of being sexually attractive and that there's doing this, this they, I mean, I, I saw struggling to, I I caught a glimpse on my X feed though I'm reluctant to look too much at any of these platforms. 'cause it seems that there is some sort of semi-conscious desire within it to turn you all into a, a porn mad denizen of a world of tension and fret.


And it like, it's just like, here's a act of violence. He's an act of sex. Nevertheless, I saw on my feed that on the cover of Rolling Stone is a, a young woman who I'm assuming is a pop star called Sabrina. Now I don know much about the culture anymore because, you know, it rejects me. I reject it. Like, and, but she's just sort of wearing like a porn outfit and she's like sort of stockings. And we are all ready in the sort of, we are deep into examining the objectification of women and what the consequences of that objectification might be outside of exploitation and abuse and criminality. All things that we all know and understand to be wrong is the potential that environments that casually inc invite us to objectify one another might be whether subtly or majorly contribute in to the idea that we are all here to just take from one another and that we can indeed fulfill one another.


And part of my own slow weary, near tectonic growth has been the understanding that people cannot fulfill you. Not just in obvious ways, like if you're sleeping around a bunch like I was for many years, or having male friendships where people are primarily there to serve you, like in like in one way or another, make you feel good or work for you in some way. That, that even with your own children and your own wife, if I'm not facing God First and foremost, I'll look to them unconsciously to make me feel better. I'll want my little children to cheer me up or my wife to protect me from this world. It's only when I am confronted absolutely with the futility and hopelessness of that way of life that I will finally in brokenness and humility, except that I do need saving and that I can't be saved by fame or money or sex or drugs or power or flattery or even by things that supervi like, you know, that, that seem that they would have more value, duty love, all of those things, unless undertaken in faith, unless it undertaken through a love of him, will also run dry eventually.


So like, yes, of course Hollywood, like before I get ready for a little name drop here, I was friends with David Lynch. I was like, you know, he, he was big in transcendental meditation. And I've always been curious about states of consciousness and ways of accessing the mystery of like, you know, I'm a drug addict. I'm interested in mysticism, always have been. And I loved him. I thought he was a genuine artist and a brilliant man, a a genius in fact. And he said to me once, it's the light Russell, well why are we in Los Angeles? What is it? He said, it's the light. The light is beautiful. Now you think about filmmaking, cinematography, the requirement for excellent natural light is absolutely paramount. And for him, such a purist, such a clear artist who was absolutely dedicated to what he did, you know, he wasn't there to pick up chicks or get high.


He was in, it was, he wanted to tell stories about the nature of consciousness, the nature of dreams, the nature of the dynamics between a suppressed violence, the violence con concealed behind domesticity systems of conformity and control. The very fact that Lynchian has become a an adjective tells you that this was a man who was telling stories in a sublime and brilliant way. And when he said that about the light, it made me realize, or at least reflecting now I realize that what it is is a place of false luminosity, false light. And what is Lucifer? The counterfeit, the emulator, the accuser, the great deceiver that the stories that a nation tells itself about itself form that nation's psyche and soul. You'll see that in the type of actors that become stars, the kind of stories they're told, the obvious pagan sort of the worship of God-like figures in the form of superheroes, obviously.


And the, and the ongoing battles between good and evil and the ways that those arguments are, are handled. So a figure like Lynch and a and a claim like that tells me that yes, for geographical or even, I don't know, reasons of luminosity, it became a place of significance. But it, it, it intrigues but doesn't surprise me that long into the history of the institution of Hollywood have been, has been a deceptive agenda. We all know that they have relationships with government institutions or organizations. We all know there's a global agenda and imperative that plays out there. And whilst we can recognize something like Epstein Island is like a kind of, what do you wanna say? A kind of ground zero uranium of sexual blackmail across the whole culture.


It seems all of us are being invited to participate in some way or another in shameful acts through pornography and hedonism or sleaziness stuff. That's just, just the normalization of porn, the normalization of a cult that tells you that you can resolve everything by pursuing your desires, by serving yourself. And I suppose I'm very fortunate that through my own lack of self-worth and my own longing, but also my own industry and my own ambition and my own sense that there's something worth pursuing. I got to be inside that organization for a while and I got to experience it. And I got to know, as Jim Carrey brilliantly said, I wish everyone could know how facile, how Hallow, how empty it is, but also how people are captured there.


People aren't gonna come out and go probably, you know, I saw your interviews with Harvey Weinstein. People aren't gonna say, look, he probably did a bunch of stuff that was wrong. But it probably, the fact is, is it was culturally normal what he did. That's what I'm kind of guessing. And that probably most famous men in Hollywood three, four times a year make settlements for claims and IES and industry. It's like it's become industrialized black mal normalization of hedonism, a peculiar establishment that helps look in the people that observe. It makes us feel, as I remember before I was in it thinking, oh, I'm not good enough. Well maybe I could live that life. Maybe I could be famous, maybe I could be sleeping with lots of girls. Oh, that would be lovely. Wouldn't that be fantastic? And then when you do it, it's kind of empty and vapi and shallow and awful.


Not to say there aren't brilliant and wonderful people there. I can think of a dozen marvelous people that I knew there, but the, the, the it's cultural impact is ultimately malign. It's like the COVID jab. Looking back, did it do more harm than good? Did you get it? No. And like, of course not. Thankfully. No, Not of course not. I mean everyone was rolling up their sleeves and were like marching like it was totally fine. I thought it was the strangest thing I've ever seen. It was a full global simulation. It was, I felt like I was watching a a a a show. I was so removed from it because I was already very awakened to to, and I'm not just like anti COVID vax, I'm anti-vax, full stop. My kids are not vaccinated. And but fortunately God, God blessed me by allowing me to be injured by a vaccine when I was 20.


No way. And So I woke up pretty quickly and 'cause then I researched, I was like, why did I even get this random vaccine? What thought that vaccine, did it make you Vaccine racist? That's what happens. It turned you into A black. I'm still suffering from these. You've got Quite bad. Yes, Exactly. Adverse the black Face, worst Case. White supremacism, Antisemitism. Yeah. Everything side effects may include. And I got all, I got 'em all. So, but I'm grateful for that experience. Really. Sorry. Well, no, no, but serious that I think that is what happened. I was, I went to get the Gardasil vaccine, not knew nothing about it. Just went to the doctor. The doctor said you should get this. It prevents cancer. You just trust your doctor. Yeah. It's just one of these things where you just go, well a doctor would never do anything wrong, you don't think? I think I was 19 years old when the shot came out. You would never at that time, un unless you had been raised, you know, without vaccines, think anything other than doctors as like their own kind of gods.


Like if a doctor says that, it must be true. Yeah. If a doctor is doing this, they're not motivated by profit, which they are. Or the insurance companies, which they are. Or the pharmaceutical companies, which they are. Where they provided all these incentives. But you know, I marched in, got the shot instantly had a mini seizure in the, in the office and that this was a three part, this was a three series shot and the doctors were just sort of like, you shouldn't, you should discontinue this series. But then I realized I have no idea what I just put in my arm. Like what I, why is this happening? And yeah, then I researched and went into the statistics of what they were saying, what they were promising. And I, it just was very clear to me that everything was a lie. Like it was just a total simulation. Wow. Wow. And from that moment on, I was weary. I became a skeptic of vaccines. And the more I researched when it came time to have our first child, I was like, we are not vaccinating our child.


Like I I have looked into every vaccine. Yeah. And all of it is all of this illusion, the sphere. And So I was very keen because Kennedy, he was the only source I had. Wow. If you were a mom and you didn't know, you know, information about this vaccine or like I was just interested in Gardasil, he had the only website, the only organization that was doing work that way. And he was catching a lot of Pete for it. So it was, it was very brave of him to do it. Yes. Isn't he brave Children's health defense? Yeah, The children's health defense. And you know, because I've spent and had the great privilege of spending some time around Secretary Kennedy, what I know is that he is a person that is willing to take risks and that he's guided where possible because all of us have many, many ambient threats to deal with.


I'm sure by the highest of ideals. I met some of the moms that were around him and like, you know, the, the way that Bobby got involved with vaccines is like moms with kids with autism. They intuitively as mothers felt like us come from when I had that procedure. And like, you know when Jenny McCarthy bless her, right? One of the first people out speak out on it. Yeah. Yeah. Like, You know, don't you feel like when you become a parent, Candice, that there's like, there's something that you feel like, I don't feel like it's right to do this. Like your trust is challenged something sacred and powerful kicks in. You understand immediately your duty is to protect this child and you feel uneasy. You might do it If you are rec, if it's recommended or If you have, you know, I like you see, you describe the blessing of having a personal incursion that led you to be cynical about vaccines.


For me it was much more generalized. I don't trust authority. I've had so many accountants with authority where the people that are meant to be giving me me, me information are lying. The people that are meant to be upholding the law are breaking it. The people that are meant to be making judgments are lying and are biased and are not at all objective. It just, I don dunno how that happened to him. I'm just some normal kid from great Essex in the south of England that somehow, by the time I got to, I don't know, 20, 30, whatever I knew that I knew don't trust authority ever unless it's sublime vinyl for it. In good luck working out where that is and when it's false and when it's real. So like that, that's what informed my decision there. As well as some people being kind enough to explain to me the, the sort of the origins of many vaccines, the misnomers and misleading stories told about the successes of even some of the more celebrated vaccines polio eeg.


But like no one has made the sacrifices that he made Robert Kennedy coming from that family, the successes he is had in environmental law, his personal brilliance and his willingness to put himself out there. And I would say like even though obviously there is complexity with having this current administration that, and like any government, it seems to me there are shortcomings and challenges and failings and people obviously on what would've once been known as the left will be decrying almost everything that's happening now from tariffs to deportations to what's happening in the Middle East. But one thing I kind of, sort of, I hold onto and cherish almost as if of the foot of the cross is, well I know Bobby Kennedys is a good man and I know he's gonna do the right thing.


And then he wipes out 17 advisors, then he appoints Robert Malone and then they make, you know, he is someone that I have no trouble believing in. Yeah. You know, I think I worry for every person that goes into office because we know how sophisticated, going back to Epstein, how sophisticated these blackmail rings are. And you know, it's my belief based on just things that I've read and learning about just how infiltrated how infiltrated we are. I'm talking about even at the university level, they're gathering intel on people on the basis of what schools they go to. You know, you think you're pledging a sorority and you know, pledging a fraternity and the next thing you know they've held onto blackmail. 'cause they thought that you could be someone someday entire families that they are focused on because of their legacy. Maybe the Kennedys, I find myself not certain that I can trust anyone once they get to DC that there isn't just a file already and like, Hey, we know you did this when you were 16 years old.


Sorry about that, but here's how you gotta vote. And to have some people who are just obviously blackmail I would say is people like Lindsey Graham who just like, I've never seen someone, my personal belief, again, I have no evidence to that effect, but just the way he just dances for war. It's bizarre. It's just he loves war so much that I'm like, okay, what do they have on you? This is just weird. Do You think there might be, aside from missiles, another phallic shaped object? Well that Lindsey Graham, well That's my Point, is quite prone to that he's keen not to have in the public eye. I I That guy. I think there should be a war. Yes. A warhead, a thick juicy warhead for the uranium sputtering out. Although my chops war war, I tell ya, I'd like to relax and dilate into a war.


I'd like to reverse myself into a war. Sorry, what are we talking about again? Sorry. Oh, it happened again, mom. I just spilled my muddle milk. Oh no, the tummy worms escaped again. Mommy. And now I just told Jesus another lie. Ah, the tummy Ted Falls are loose. The tummy Ted Falls are loose. So if In conclusion If You could give more money to Northrop Grumman, Raytheon, lucky Maring and Boeing, then no one need to know how I passed the evenings. Well that's exactly you said it. You said everyone was thinking it and you said it. That was a Hypothetical example. That was hypothetical, hypothetical example that allegedly, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly, allegedly.


That's protect you from everything my lawyer says. We're Talking about Lindsay Lohan, right. Lindsay Lohan allegedly or something. Someone, But yes, from Herbie. It's so obvious and you're like, okay, clearly we know what people we know, but I would just kind of respect the person that came forward. And I think one day there will be the individual that says, Hey listen, I did this awful thing, you know, I was high on this and they got me on camera doing this. And I just want you guys to know that. And I can't consciously vote this way because I'm being blackmailed. I think all of DC is run by blackmail. So I, I don't have any faith in the system. Even when people go to DC that you believe in, something seems to happen when they get into the swamp. And it's just, I've seen it. People flip they people that you truly believe in. And so I've kind of removed myself from politics in many ways. And you good and, and then you just lean into faith. You know, it's the only thing that's real Into faith.


That's what I'm doing. It's The only thing that's real. We can trust the Lord, we can trust and put our faith in him. He faith in him will cast out all fear. He is our strength and our song, he's given us victory. I'm tired of leaning on my own understanding of reality. I'm tired of trying to work this out all the time. I'm tired of trying to understand why these things are happening and those things aren't happening and why people are fallible. You know, as one becomes more familiar and versed with scripture, Candace, it doesn't it all just make the most tremendous and obvious sense. We're broken, we've fallen, we find it hard to listen to God. We keep rebelling against God. Continually God loves us, God wants us to return into his embrace. And we find it impossible 'cause we are attracted by the false light, by the false luminosity, by the glamor, by the urges of the flesh, by the mental dery and by worldliness.


Even things that I thought would not make sense to me. You know, reading like the Old Testament, I thought like, you know, when I became Christian, I thought I'm not gonna be delving into Lamentations and Jeremiah and trying to make a good fist of Samuel. But actually like everything that I'm reading, it works simultaneously on a near mythic but historic level that in the same way that geometry, music, and maths could be seen as a language that go beyond the parochial limitations of English or whatever other patois you may happen to articulate in. But there's a deeper truth available in scripture If you will allow it in. Now of course, anything can be utilized to leverage control, to oppress, to distract a lie.


And there's no question that the church in all of its sects and denominations has committed abominations atrocities even in some cases. But our Lord remains luminous, incandescent above and by the covenant of his blood. Let me drown in his blood. Let me gorge on the Eucharist. I don't wanna live my life in faith any different than I live my life as a drug addict. I will want to, to live absolutely perfect honesty, perfect truth, aspiring after it, knowing that I'm fallen, but knowing that it is done, that it is finished in his name. And there are such things as saints and I understand that only the really sick people become saints, Candace.


So I think both of you and I are in with a shot. I'm not sick, I'm healthy.


All right you guys, If you have not yet heard about Riverbend Ranch, it's time that you did. Because their beef has more flavor and tenderness than any beef that I have ever tasted. I was telling you guys about this a couple of weeks ago. The Angus herd at Riverbend Ranch is not your average Angus cattle. 35 years ago, using ultrasound technology, the owner of Riverbend Ranch begin scouring the nation to identify specific, pure bred Angus cows that genetically produce a much higher level of marbling and tenderness than normal Angus cattle. After over 30 years of careful selection and breeding for Bend Ranch developed beef that has notably superior flavor and tenderness, they take great pride in the humane treatment of their herd as well. The cattle spend their days in the lush mountain meadows of Idaho and Wyoming and they're raised without the use of artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. And they age that premium beef for 21 days. This is real American beef, it's born in America, raised in America, and processed right here in America. Their beef is shipped directly from their ranch to your home. You absolutely must try this meet. I think some of you guys might find that you're turned into a ribeye person. I think it's the most fantastic ribeye that I have ever had. So you can take me up on a challenge and tag me when you try it. Just visit Riverbend Ranch dot com right now. If you use my promo code CANDACE at checkout, you'll get $20 off your first order. Trust me, you are going to be very impressed. Just visit Riverbend Ranch dot com and use my promo code Candace.


Something I was craving during my pregnancy was beef sticks, specifically the ones from my friends over at Paleo Valley. Paleo Valley makes your meat sticks with 100% grass fed beef sourced from small scale regenerative American farms that you can feel good about what you're eating and what you're supporting. They've stripped out all the junk, no preservatives, gluten, soy, dairy, sugar, dairy or GMOs. And there's just clean nutrient dense fuel the way that food was meant to be. So whether you're road tripping, working late or running around with kids, these sticks deliver high protein energy without the crash. Are you keto, paleo, carnivore? It doesn't matter. Paleo Valley works with your lifestyle, not against it. They come in five bold flavors, original jalapeno, summer sausage, garlic, summer sausage and teriyaki. So there's something for everyone. And with over 55 million beef sticks sold, paleo Valley is trusted, proven, and backed by a 60 day money back guarantee. Right now you'll get 20% off your first order@paleovalley.com slash Candace. If you use code CANDACE at checkout. Again, that's paleovalley.com/ Candace promo code. Candace,


I I do wanna stick on the topic of speaking of false, like, 'cause I wanted to get your opinion on this and you also just spoke about glamor and people that were attracted to these things. And I have just always been a little, I guess I should say, I don't wanna, I wanna make sure I use the right word here. Good. I, that time you started paying attention To the language. Yeah, exactly. I've been watching this for months Now. I was unsure. I would say, where's The guy with a mustache? That's what I Wanna know. I thought you was guy with the mustache and the conspiracy Theories. I'm supposed to be allegedly, We Could warm up, we could warm up, but I could, I I would say is that I was unsure. I I was slow to the, I love Elon Musk party and that gets into, I was also pregnant, I swear women's intuition goes up when they're pregnant.


There's a thing. Oh, does it? Yeah. You get weird dreams. I'm sure your wife did when your wife was pregnant. It's very weird dreams, very specific dreams. I don know. And you just feel a bit more connected and, and there I just was slow to the Elon Musk welcome party, grateful for what you did for Twitter. OB obviously no brainer. We, we really did almost lose Twitter. I'm gonna call it Twitter because I can't say I xed, like when you send a tweet when you do, it's still like I tweeted, right? So I'm gonna say Twitter, but X and I appreciated that. And then I kind of saw this adoration that this sort of adoration that suddenly conservatives had and he kind of became, and I would say like they kind of turned him into like a demigod, you know? Yeah. And he could do no wrong. And he said the White House and now his kids there and everyone's like applauding this and I'm, well wait a, wait a second, wait a second.


Have we checked in on what his values are? Like who this person actually is? Or are we just saying you had so much money that you could afford X and that's it. And that's all that's required to get into our good graces, which is wealth. And does that make us any better than the left? And the left? I would say worships celebrities and worships Hollywood and like Taylor Swift writes a post And so there therefore they vote. Same thing, different side of the aisle in my view, the way that I was looking at it. And then this blowup happens last week or the week before. And I was just wondering what your take was on that blowup as you're watching that from across the pond. What were you thinking about this kind of battle of the egos, If you wanna call it between Trump and Elon? And then suddenly Elon just dropped some Jeffrey Epstein esque tweet out of nowhere.


I was watching Dr. Strange love the Kubrick movie about the advent of nuclear power and the impossible and improbable responsibility granted to military generals and presidents alike. What Kubrick's genius accompanied by that other great British genius Peter Ellis demonstrates so wonderfully is that even when dealing with Armageddon and the apocalypse, human beings are frail and fallen and broken. This is illustrated to great comic effect in that movie. Oh no, someone just has a bad day on the military base or comes up with a theory or notion and decides that they are gonna let loose nuclear warheads on Russia.


And the story sort of unpacks how ridiculous it is that anyone would be granted that authority. It's a kind of anti Oppenheimer where Oppenheimer sort of studies from a kind of sort of earnest and intellectual perspective, the morality of coming up with a weapon and what would you do to stop the Nazis? Is it okay to kill baby Hitler? Those kind of sort of parlor game intellectual musings about moral philosophy. What what you get when you don't approach it seriously, but you promote approach it comically Candace is, Elon Musk is a brilliant man, a very brilliant fallen man. Donald Trump is the man. Clearly the world inverted needed for this time. Where I got to, even as you say as a communist, is that my mistrust and loathing of neoliberal marionettes and pretenders hiding behind full morality who wear every single judgment you could tug a Fred, you know, Hillary Clinton shrill and outraged about the Qatari jet, and yet the Clinton Foundation taking millions from the very same United Arab era nations just makes you almost yawn at their lack of morality.


Well, what I would say we're living in now is an age of there, a revival of national pop nationalist populism to act as a buloke against globalism. And it's a, a good, a prophylactic as people are likely to come up with. Forgive the word I know you're a Catholic. And I, and also the, the other thing is a kind of a, a, as you suggested in your question, the elevation of brilliant, but obviously limited because they are men to positions of outrageous power. Now, I would any day take an Elon Musk over Jeff Bezos or a Mark Zuckerberg based on the limited amount I know about any of them. But Elon Musk may be a great genius when it comes to technological innovation, marketing, the understanding of the requirement.


It's a long, long portfolio of excellence that he has access to. But I would say that when people like Elon, not people like him, he's a unique, and as I keep saying brilliant man, when anyone has access to that amount of power, I would want to start looking at the structures of power themselves or the institutions themselves, because I don't think anybody is capable of yielding that much power, particularly with the way that the world operates now. Look at the revision that's taking, taking place around figures that you just would've irrefutably regarded as unapproachable, irreproachable rather geniuses. Churchill like the sort of magnificent hero that sort of almost burned himself on the altar of war.


Martin Luther King, a person who had allowed himself to be consumed by the civil rights struggle. Gandhi, happy to be martyred for the freedom of India. All broken, all flawed Gandhi, he slept in a bed with his nieces. My Luther King was having sex with his secretary, Winston Churchill was an alcoholic and overplayed his hand in Dresden to the detriment of the German people. Well, guess what? They're not perfect. And perfection is not a standard that's ever gonna be attained by any human being. So perhaps look at how you institute systems and if they're not a reflection of divine and holy values, you will come across the same flaws and failings that human beings always come across. Hubris, love of power, false idolatry. Scripture is full of people that for a moment have the holy hand, whether it's sa or Solomon, but then turn again to their own power.


Are you or I? Can we be confident even with the limited power we possess through the screens that people watch us on now that I won't fall again, that I'm not consumed by the fact that I feel that I'm being unfairly attacked by deep state, authoritative power, authoritarian power media conspiracy, albeit it's a gun I loaded through years of clumsy, foolish, consensual promiscuity. How can I feel my human fear around those ideas and keep focused on my own fundamental irrelevant, except as how to how I may serve him? You, I know you have challenges in your life. You've had an extraordinary ascent, brilliant relationships, brilliant alliances, some of which have not worked out. And you are a mother and a wife and a woman, and you're gonna have to deal with your own fallibility.


Thankfully, the one thing both you and I have elected to do is turn away from self where possible, albeit faltering and failing and towards Christ. And to focus on what we are told, not what we just deduce and make up. I'm told I'm, I'm married, that means I'm married. That means I'm with my wife now I'm with my wife when I'm walking down bleeding Broadway in Nashville last night. My daughters and my, my daughters are at my side and my son is in my arms and I'm with my wife. There's not a moment where I get to say, oh, it'd be nice to look at some pornography. It'd be nice to cash in on some female attention. Those days are long, long gone and good riddance. But you know, I sometimes hang after outrageous power. In fact, just before everything kicked off in my country, I was thinking about running for mayor.


There was a mayoral election in London. I was just starting to talk to people about it, whether or not I could get some sort of like, you know, populist pseudo celebrity sort of rush to minimal local political power in, in London. And some might argue that London could do with a, a populist mayor that's sensitive to the needs of working people, aware of Britain's national identity and some of the challenges that city faces. But that's not the way that it rolled out at that moment in time. And in a way, perhaps that's a great blessing because I'm a deeply fallible, flawed human being. I'm malleable and foolish and hubristic and the best I can do is like our great teacher and leader Paul own that, own that maybe, maybe in our weakness he may be strong in us, maybe if we are willing to be sacrificed on the cross that he can be reborn in us, maybe then we can be a vessel for his power.


Because if it's coming from Russell, it will end up being selfish and foolish and broken. And to, to know that is at least to know something. I think One of the things I struggle with, with a lot of these characters that are being kind of put into the forefront throughout this administration, whether you're talking about Peter Thiel, who's very close to JD V or you're talking about Elon Musk who was in, therefore a moment is I've, I've begun to view everyone through the lens of family. And If you think about Christ, when we say, okay, well we're leaning towards Christ, you know, we're, we're finding our faith, we're leaning into Christ, well what, what would be leaning into the antichrist? What is antichrist? Just kind of breaking that down. What is antichrist, right? Self, self, anything that aspires to destroy or pervert the family unit, I would say is, is quickly behind it, right?


Because there is to be Christ like you're talking about, I'm with my wife, I'm with my kids. I say the same thing about why I really appreciate Tucker Carlson, it's how he lives his life as he, as he leads his family, right? My grandfather was the same way. I think it's, if, if there's any reason why it turned out like I did and and have the values that I have is 'cause of my grandfather. My grandfather was like Lord and then family, you know, faith, family. And I worry about this sort of AI automated future that I think that we're barreling towards where we have these people that are interested in shaping the future of our countries, but it to what end if they don't aspire to family, right? And this kind of, you know, Elon Musk impregnating so many women via IVF, that's weird to me.


I just find that to be weird. It makes me uncomfortable and I can't explain it where I, I just don't want someone who thinks the future is us. I don't know, being robots, you know, is that really, is that what we want? Have we stopped to consider what, how these people are living their lives and what that actually means? And so that's something that I worry about is, is it just seems to me that there is this very intentional race towards an automated future. And I think a lot of these guys are playing a part in it, Sam Altman, Elon Musk, Peter Thiel. And because we view ourselves as left versus right. And so if somebody, something good about Trump, we're like, yeah, if somebody says, you know something good about Kamala Harris, you're like, yeah, we're all in that we don't necessarily stop and pause it and say, okay, but actually where do these people stand on Christ?


And, and what I'm, and I'm saying there is truth. Where do these people stand on this issue, that issue? Are they anti-Christ or are they for Christ on these topics? And that might be where I find myself a bit of an orphan at the moment. I don't think you are an orphan politic political orphan political. I think you're a beloved daughter on, on that basis. And I think it's an excellent tool. I was thinking about what Christ has said about marriage and certainly I feel that scripturally a life without family is possible. He himself was a celibate single man, albeit a God man. And I feel that in marriage we can emulate the church's relationship as a whole with our spouse.


And certainly I can see the many benefici benefits of the institution of marriage. And I'm the privileged recipient of those benefits thanks to my beloved wife Laura. But I would say that your point about Christ or Antichrist as the spectrum upon which we are all moving is an accurate one and a good means of assessment. When people, as is customary and somewhat popular these days, make claims that the cultural legacy of Christianity is with value of value. I like the architecture or I like the morality or the idea that life has meaning and value and that we are sacred.


And because we are made in his image, because we bear his hallmark, his molecular signature, that when George Orwell describes a boot stamping on the face of a human being forever as the ultimate dystopic image, he's describing the state's tendency and desire to scrub away God's signature across all life, across humankind and across nature. I would say that these sort of Tower of Babel component that's within technological progressivism is a great cause for concern and consternation. Yet our Lord uses the image of the yoke, which would've been technology once to be bound together with him to walk his steps with him.


His yoke is light. The burden is not hard to carry. If all technology might be used like this yoke in the service of walking with our Lord, then Neuralink could be fantastic then AI could be magnificent then rocket ships could be glorious. But my sense is that from as long as there's been technology, the technology is almost by default ended up in the hands of the most powerful individuals and institutions and been utilized for them to maximize their power and to preserve their system. Any system, whether it's the human anatomy or a virus or global economics, has its own self preservation as its utmost priority otherwise. Well that's the, obviously its terminality is assured.


So I would say that this myth of progressivism under which we've long toiled, which requires that we forget perhaps deep history, forgotten and lost worlds that we may have once inhabited so that we can all toil labor and continue to worship under the illusion that it's never been like this before, whether it's penicillin or Tesla, we are roaring onwards. And now we know that a woman's place isn't in the home, it's in the workplace and you can do what you want. And we are the gods of our own bodies and we're the gods of the vaccine and we're the gods of the molecules. You can snip off that and stitch up that and you can do this or that or whatever because you are God. 'cause there is no God. This idea that we are advancing somewhere, that there is a tell us and that we are in control of it.


But I believe to be the ultimate devil worship because what it has done is it's posited that human rational power, the power of the individual and our collective power, I suppose is democracy. The idea that a mandated mass is equivalent to a God. Is that what the proposition is? It is somehow superior to the divine authority of our creator, a God God, the Father, our triune relation or God our God that sent his only son, the son that gives us the advocacy of the Holy Spirit. That that power can be usurped, that that power can be ignored, that that power can be emulated and replaced. And people make intellectual claims abundantly. And I don't feel like they fully know what they're saying. And even that he says them, the cross forgive them.


They know not what they do when the claim is made that we will solve disease, that we will solve poverty, that we will occupy Mars, that we'll do this, that it, we are advancing from a point that we should never have left. We are marching, forthright out of Eden, not turning back to glance at the flaming sword. I don't think we're advancing at all. No, I think that, I think that's one of the great illusions. And I wonder, I I I, when I take a look at the world today and I look at the ancient civilizations that were bombing, the old church structures that were bombing, I see this very intentional, darken darkening of mankind. I actually think, If you wanna get into my conspiracies Yeah, do that, that the enlightenment was not an enlightenment. I think it was the darkening of mankind. I think something happened, there was some sort of a great reset in about 1850. And If you control the textbooks and you control people know and they tell you, oh well it was so terrible and everybody was dying.


We don't know. We have no idea. And and I do think that there is, we have removed ourselves from the source. Like we've removed ourselves from God in so many ways. And I mean, even when I realized, and this is like a, a small thing that happened to my life, so this is totally anecdotal, but when I moved down here and Tennessee and I was like, okay, well I wanna start to, to grow stuff like I'm from, from New York City, I wanna learn to like grow vegetables. And kind of went outside and realized I had no idea how to do that. I had no idea what agricultural zone I was in. I didn't know what could grow. And I said, and this is advanced civilization. I can't feed myself. I don't know how to grow, bring and, and drop a seed out. And then I, this, this older woman who's got like 26 grandchildren helped me and she's like, you just put the seeds in the dirt and here's what grows here.


And just this spiritual awakening that I had, that I was an absolute idiot, you know, for all the fancy things living in New York City. Okay, if the electricity went out. They would die. They would all die. Yes. Okay. And they are the brightest minds. Oh, they're so bright. They're so smart. They have these cars, you know, these cars that can drive by themselves. Oh, so you're saying they can't drive, like, you know, so the people, we're gonna get to a place where we don't know how to drive. We don't know how to grow our own food. We know how to take care of our own children. I mean, even the idea, and this is another thing I thought about recently, obviously, 'cause I'm exclusively breastfeeding my, my infant. And I'm thinking to myself, I I, I sent a, a text to a Brett Cooper who, who I used to a former colleague of mine.


And I said to her, 'cause she's pregnant. Think about the fact that they created this environment where women are paying, right? Going to the store and paying for formula. And this is now a household expense, right. Formula. Because it's easier. You'll be able to get to work about something that your body just produces for free. I mean, we're really quite dumb. If you spend a lot of time thinking about it, we're idiots. Our grandparents were smarter than us. Think about this all the time. My grandfather could go outside. He knew every, you know, vis grows here. That's poison. He could look at it and tell you If you had a burn, a cut, he knew what he could pull and fix. And we have none of that knowledge because we've given it to these gods, these doctors. And what did we get for it? We get vaccines. We get kids that have never been sicker.


You're telling me that society has advanced and kids are allergic to oxygen? I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm being facetious, a little bit hyperbolic. But these kids are allergic to everything. They're like peanuts and tree nuts. And now they can't allow sea nuts and, and d nuts. And I'm going, okay, kids are allergic to everything. And you're telling me that this is because there's been medical advancements, women don't know how to feed their own children. And I stopped reading the internet of telling me how to do, I'm like, why am I asking the internet? Like, how often I should feed my in? This is so weird. I'm in some weird simulation where we've let go of our, our instinct, our our divine instinct. And so, no, I actually think this is not progress. And I think that when you get these tech lords that come in and tell you how great it's gonna be, when your car is gonna be able to drive itself, I just think, no, thank you.


Excellent. No, thank you. If you're describing degeneration, degeneration almost by definition is a decomposition down to the smallest unit. That's what happens when things degenerate. If you degenerate down to the level of the individual, you have no cohesion. You have no elders. You have no wise woman that's gonna tell you how to grow vegetables and to encourage you how to look after your children. No multigenerational relationships. No true family, no community, no church, no church Is So important. It's Yes, you are quite right. You are quite right. This idea of dependency is important 'cause we are a hundred percent dependent on our Lord and creator. Again, St. Francis regarded dependency in its, I I understand in its Latin route, I'm certainly, obviously not a scholar of Latin means hung upon.


And St. Francis apparently would sometimes, like a landscape artist stand upon his head to look at the vistas to get a new perspective so that he didn't. So he began to question his environment. So suddenly the masonry and tall towers of Assisi look to suddenly not solid and permanent, but, but by the very fact of their weight hanging upside down, the masonry and towers looked suddenly fragile, elegant, delicate, capable of falling. If you've ever looked at Jupiter and these moons through a telescope, you will see that it looks so fragile out there. These vast entities are these great spatial objects hung upon the moment. Once it would've been natural for us to depend entirely on God to have moments of recognition, acknowledgement and prayer before every meal, before making love, before embarking on a business negotiation.


Now all things are profane. Everything desacralization, everything cast out. And yet look at its results. We have created new gods. We are dependent now on the state when back in the glorious days of my communism and anarchy, that you disrupted that fateful day on that visit. I was familiar with an anarchist saying that we have been de-skilled. There was a time where men would know how to fix their car. Women know how to make food or, you know, and of course that, that, I'm not saying that you have to be entirely defined by sexes in, in matters of that nature. But the idea, yes. That we don have to feed ourselves. They want to create false dependency. What is our natural state? With our relationship with God dependence.


We are dependent on God. They want us dependent on them. You are right. We're one solar flare away, one power cut away from savagery, from the savagery that in a sense legitimizes their control. Not only that, Candace, like, think of what is unconsciously being inculcated, that your body isn't a sanctuary, a temple. Did you not know that your body is a temple. Your body can feed your baby. Your body is perfect. You don't need to give that job to Nestle and you pollute It's pharmaceutical company and they encourage you to pollute it. You know, you're drinking and making it sexy. Like, you know, wine culture for women, which is obviously aimed at like, oh, it's so classy If you to have a glass of wine. I mean, I'm just so conscious of this stuff now, and I'm telling you, mankind is growing increasingly incapable, increasingly inefficient, and at the same exact time that we're being told Yeah.


That we've never been more efficient. I, I'll give you another example anecdotally is, So I was gonna, this cafe every day when I lived in Philadelphia, and I, every single day would drive, would put it where it was in my GPS and I would drive about three miles to it. I got about six months and I realized I don know how to get to this cafe. I keep putting it into my ways and I keep looking at the phone to drive this cafe, but like, I've been doing this for three months, I should know how to get to the cafe. So one day I said, I put my phone away and try to get to this cafe. And I had to, and within two days I learned how to get there. Well, I've become so reliant on the tech Go left here, go right here. That it could, it pla what th for six months I've driven to a cafe and I don't know where it is on the map that's getting dumber. Tech is making us dumber because we're becoming more and more reliant on tech. Yes. Which then creates a problem.


When you have these tech lords who realize that like they're selling us, it's gonna be easy. It's gonna be so much easier. Just let, let ways do the thinking for you. Even ai, the answers have been so wrong. I, I played this game with my husband, he's like, well this is supposed to be a really good ai and I don't remember which one it was. They've all got their own names. Now there's gr there's this, this, this guy, whatever. And I said, well, let's ask it a question that we know the answer to. I mean, I have so many times it's been patently wrong about me. What light would you ask it? Well, so there was for, so for whatever reason, when Rock first got started, it was convinced I was Jewish, which is quite hilarious. I don sorry, sorry that my husband, that my husband was Jewish and they got this information because all it is obviously it's scraping information from the internet. So that just means that it gives the same power to the New York Post.


Yes, yes. And they say something is true then it's true. So If you say, is Canis own anti-Semitic? Well, what has been published the most? Is it a yes or a no? Then they'll explain to you why it's true based on scraping the data from the people that have the most power to create the data in the first place. So it's nonsense. You know, people were arguing with me online telling me that my husband was Jewish and I was going, but he's not. I mean, it's fine if he's, but he's not. And then at some point they realized and then they cor the AI corrected it. But people will be relying on that and going, well, it's, it's ai so it can't be wrong. And it's like, no, it, it can be wrong. Okay? If it, it had scraped all the data during COVID about whether the vaccines were safe or whether the vaccines were going to keep you safe from COVID, it was gonna tell you yes. You have to think like you have to do this by yourself.


You cannot rely on technology. It's making us stupid. And I am, it's one of the things that concerns me the most. It's like people can't even read, they don't even have the attention span to sit down and read a book cover to cover anymore. Our children are becoming increasingly more dumb with every generation. And So I am like, I think the greatest generation was my granddad's generation. You know, I think we've kind of gotten really stupid since. Yeah. But we need an yield to it. We need an yield. We can be fueled again. There is a revival happening. We are participating in the revival. Do You know how to grow your food? Even now? I'm going to go straight from here to a garden center. I'm going to buy myself a packet of carrots. I'm going to empty whatever sack of fertilizer Lindsey Graham is carrying in his trousers by whatever means he prefers.


And I have no opinion on what that might be. And I will grow me some carrots and I'll paint a missile like shape on it and I'll go it right back to Lindsay and Lindsay. You can put that wherever you want to darling. Yeah. Have You ever hunted? But do you think about that? Like If you just turned off all the lights wherever you live in, in England, if it should up all the electricity, like how long are you surviving? Listen, I am friends with bear grills. Okay? Bear Grills is a bold Christian who remained friends with me even as the very nation itself turned like a sort of a ying praying mantis to devour. One of its great sons me in this instance. And, and I, I would say that not good enough, not good enough. But listen to this, it's what they want to create. The modalities are safety and convenience. We are, we're gonna keep you safe. And this is for your convenience.


These are the tools that the beast will use to lure you in. It's not gonna tell you I'm oppressing you because I'm a sort of a new bureaucratic Hitler. I'm some fusion of all. Well, Kafka and Huxley offering you sort of a comfortable uteral safety. The distraction of the soma and the unending bureaucracy and shifting rules and the lawfare and the confusion. Now of course, it's not gonna tell you that it, they want, I believe, Candace to turn the whole world into an airport full of checkpoints and measures that are continually undertaken. Rituals, voided of meaning, voided of ceremonial power, continual Hallow removal of shoes. Take this vaccine, sign this de declare your obedience to this.


Only then when they have created an environment where sterility and sanitary conditions are above all else, then, then they can do conduct whatever final experimentation of population reduction they're interested in. Because the truth is, I believe that the epoch traveled vastly agricultural revolution, man, masters nature, industrial revolution, man, masters matter, technological revolution, man masters attention and consciousness itself. They want absolute control over attention and a consciousness. The problem is of course, that you have to multiply agriculture by industry because then you've got industrial agriculture. We are moving so far away from the time where you might say, do you know what I'd like to check out this system. I'd like our own community where we can grow and rear our own food trade where only necessary use technology.


Perhaps we'll use cryptocurrencies to parallel trade and parallel barter and use the miracle of modern contemporary technology to maximize the freedom of the individual. That we may worship God, that we may live by God's principles, not by the defacto false idols, molls and Baals that they're setting up for us to worship. Because If you can have Airbnb and aggregate empty hotel rooms, and If you can have Uber and suddenly you can centrally coagulate and yet somehow democratize the taxi cab all for the offshore profits of various companies that benefit for it, then surely this very same technology could be used to run communities to have true democracy. And if what people want is nationalism, they can have it. And if what they want is Sharia law, they can have it.


And if what people want is LGBTQ plus gender fluidity, then they can have it. People can live now in communities according to their will. Me, I will follow the path of Christ, which includes non-judgment and wherever possible, trying my best in all my failing to move towards love and forgiveness and loving one another as he loved us. That means up to the point of death if required, up to the point of death. And this then might mean that we can diffuse some of this ongoing, never ending constant cata walling, clap, trap, cacophony of argument that defines our culture these days and move into something like a solution, which it seems like you are ready to do that your family are ready to do, that my family are ready to do, and not why do we wanna fetishize the areas where we disagree? Why do we wanna fetishize that?


I'm, I, you don't actually matter to me what all these movie stars or geopolitical powers are doing. I just would like to be able to happily grow a carrot, tend to an animal and raise my children according to my beliefs. Yeah. You know, I think one of the biggest cancers to society, and I say this as a, a former feminist, you know, when I was young, of course I think most people when they're younger on the left, and I was a feminist because of whatever I was learning in school that caught me up in that feminist simulation. And now that I'm a mother and it, it, I think it's just quite evil. It's like, it's the thing that gives the women, that gives women the most clarity, the most perspective, the most wisdom. It it the happiness of the family unit. And you're being told, Nope, nope, you gotta compete with man.


You don't wanna have children suspend children for as long as possible. Take all of these horrible toxic birth control pills because you know, you need to have control over your body 'cause men don't have to get pregnant. And when I reflect on that, I just think this is such an intentional evil. This is not by accident, you know, this is when I talk about these elements of antichrist, right? What are we talking about here? Where you're, you're you're telling a woman, you know, she's gotta compete with her own, she's gotta be at war with her own biology, you know, in order to stick it to the man, she's gotta be at war with her own biology. And at the same time you're telling men that they have to act like women, which is, is incredible. You're telling women to act like men, while you're saying to men being masculine is toxic, it's toxic masculinity, these terms that get you to reject your nature and anything that is at war with nature that's necessarily of course at war with God.


Yes. And So I think deeply about that. And there, there are so many things that I've done since I'm say really the last six years that I've done because I recognize how wrong my prior perspectives were. I mean, even like going and learning how to hunt in Africa, the, the importance of actually catching your own food. Like you, you must do this, you must do this at one point, even If you don't keep this up, it, how sacred that process is and how it brings you so much closer. I don't even like shop at the grocery store anymore. I go to the farmer's market. Like there's something that is more spiritual about that experience of knowing the farmers and the ranchers. And then when I see how we're all being driven and we're told, this is for your convenience. Yes. You know, this experience is for your convenience.


The grocery store is for your convenience. And no, I think it's, it's, it's very intentional and it's pulling us away from the look, I mean there's just the spirit, the the, the spirit of Christ. What Do we do for like, say women that will find being a mother difficult? 'cause obviously it is very difficult. It's difficult. And how do we then afford that? Or, or what about women that don't feel that that's their identity or their role? How do we create a culture that accommodates lovingly the variety within these general categories? You know, it's really interesting. So I've yet, of course I've met tons of women who say, I don't wanna have kids, I don't wanna have kids. And then typically what happens, I would say for the overall majority of them is they hit about 28 years old and biology just comes online.


Like when they, when they speak about, suddenly a woman realizes she's looking at a baby and they've gotten a lot cuter. Something happens biologically in your mid twenties where that changes. But I think for the women, that that doesn't change for the first question I have is like, what birth control are you on? Because there've been all these studies that show because what are you doing when you're, when you're on birth control, you're, you're stopping your body from going through this natural process. You're becoming something other. Yeah. It's like it's, other than what you would feel naturally If you were not loaded up with all of these pills, that's not a natural thing for women to go, I just don't wanna have kids. It's a natural for a man, procreation is the most natural thing in the world. What are we doing here? Right? If we're not procreating. And so something's gone wrong, I think. And then for the very few, and I mean I've maybe met one person in my life and it's truly because of trauma that they suffered that they don't want to procreate.


It has more to do with, I think I'm gonna become this, which I think a lot of people go through. Am I gonna be like my mother, like my father? Why didn't my mother want me? I'm I I was adopted, whatever that is. That's typically a, like I said, a trauma that needs to be resolved. And I I don't push it on anyone because I, everyone's on their own journey. I just know what happens on the other end of that, the women, you get these examples like Chelsea Handler who like wrote a book about how funny it was when she got all of these abortions who, and I, and I genuinely feel so sad for her, where she now openly speaks about how she's on all of these anxiety pills and, you know, trying to find meaning in her life and meaning was, was giving to her twice. And you wrote a whole book about rejecting that, you know, rejecting that meaning. And So I feel, I feel very sad for people like that.


'cause I then I think, what do you fill that cup up with? And that's not to say, of course many people are struggling with fertility issues, but they want, they aspire to family. It's so natural to want to procreate. So when you find somebody that doesn't, I just go, okay, what's going on here? I have a lot of questions and not up for me to answer those questions or to pry any further. But I, I think it's important for people with families to speak out on the gift of it. And yes, you're tired. It's exhausting. And I'm, I barely slept last night, you know, I've got an infant. But that exhaustion the difference between going behind and sitting behind a computer and working for the man and because you're infant is crying because you're the only thing that makes sense to him. Like, I hope you realize how beautiful that exhaustion is.


Like there's such beauty in, in parenting that you, you can't really describe it to people until, until they get there. Yes. We've abandoned so much. It's like we have willingly taken on the manacles and shackles of worldliness being told that it somehow represents our freedom when laying upon the earth, as it says in the agnostic and non-canonical gospel of Thomas is the kingdom of heaven, that it is available to us. And that isn't the same as a kind of bland homogeneity. That there are a variety of ways that a woman might be a mother or a man might be a father or elect not to follow that path at all. But it is nice to know that we are not living in a postmodern relativistic world where anything can be true and that you might decide on this truth or that identity, that there is a purpose, a teleology.


That there is a, a force, a cradle, a holding, a heralding that's taking place. And certainly my personal experiences since becoming a father have been oh, right, like that mad delusion that I toiled under that what I am and what I want is the most important thing in the world. And whether that means that I've gotta become famous or earn a bunch of money or control what other people think about me or make people laugh the whole time. I mean, it's, it's kind of difficult to sh shake off that programming entirely. And I'm revert to it sometimes I'm selfish a thousand times a day, I'm sure. But what I at least have now is an understanding that there is a path, that there is a way that appears as we walk it through him.


That If you wear his yoke, If you walk alongside him, if in the moment, moment to moment you seek first the kingdom of heaven, then righteousness is given to you that I can be a father to my son and to my daughters, and I can be a husband to my wife. I can, I have some purpose here, here in the infinite and the unknowable. Why would you accept their gods? Why would you accept their gods of consuming? How can, what are people doing? Are we waiting for our last gasp before going, oh my God, I just spent my whole life worshiping the sort of illusion of who I thought I was or what I was supposed to be doing when it's all here abundantly. It's not to say that it's not frightening and fraught with trepidation and even the just sort of mundane business of being the father of Mabel and Peggy and Herbie.


It's sometimes just a, an exhausting weight. An exhausting weight. But usually there's some lessening, there's some part of myself that I need to let go of some selfish thing that I'm holding onto that ugh, needs to be relinquished for me to be the man they need me to be. Yeah. Men need to lead households for a reason. I mean, the changes in my husband from when we got engaged to when we had our children is just incredible. You can't even, I, I couldn't even find the words to describe it. I think just the weight of realizing like I'm a father. Yeah. Like, I think men need that weight of I am a father. Think about it. Like that's like incredible. And now my actions are going to impact this child. And especially when the children kind of come into their own and they understand like you're their father because they, at least I have three boys and they think that like, my, my husband hung the moon and the stars, like they're convinced, you know, it's like, he's just like Daddy, I mean daddy die.


It's amazing. And that weight of that of, well, your children think you are just perfect and you're Superman, you're this, and everything's fantastic. You need that. You need that weight to push you to be a better person, I think. And so it scares me when people say, I don't want children. I don't want family. Even if people who say, I don't want children, you don't want family, you don't want a husband, you don't want somebody else to be accountable to. That's what, what does that say about you? You don't want to be, you wanna be accountable to nothing and no one but yourself. Probably not on the best trajectory. It Might be the equivalent of trusting Nestle milk over your own breast milk that you, you sort of can condition people into believing all sorts of things.


The fitness revolution is happening in America and people everywhere are making fitness a priority. Again, that's why I'm excited to be working with Don and the team over at Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class, and now they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises, basically everything that you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. The power Rack Pro X features a completely upgraded cable crossover system with articulating pulley arms, giving you unlimited width combinations to hit every muscle group. My husband and I can't wait to have this awesome all in one gym in our own home. It's going to be great. If you're new to strength training, their Get Jacked Up program has full body video workouts, which are led by celebrity trainers, Kim Lyons and Clark Barra. Literally just press play and follow along to listen, we're going to be doing this and you should too, so we can all do it together. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up to access the program right now for free. And when you're ready to order your Power Rock Pro X save 10% by using my promo code Candace, that's get jacked up.com with promo code Candace.


All right, you guys wanna remind you about American Financing because costs are rising on everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs, and if you're a homeowner, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? Then you maybe second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you might be enjoying. But listen, that low rate, it's not actually saving you if you're drowning in credit card interest at 25% or more. I mean, that's the math that no one wants to face. It's costing you thousands. And here's the truth, if you're only making minimum payments, that debt will follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. There are no upfront fees, by the way. There's no pressure. It costs you nothing to find out what you could be saving every month. If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Don't wait any longer. Call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or simply visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


I wanna ask you a few things, if I may even noticed, it's your podcast. Am I allowed to? Yeah, of course. That's what I about book. How come you've gotten, I'm involved in like celebrity type stuff, you know, like, and, and how, like, like some of the big stories that I've seen you talk about and I'm fascinated by your work and I admire it and admire the way you conduct yourself is like, say like, say something like, Blake, Blake Lively, I don know even what that means. Blake Lively. But like, so, and, and say something like, I obviously know what Justin Bieber is because I, I, I like Justin Bieber. I feel for him. I feel like in a way he's the first ultra modern celebrity coming out of YouTube just being sort of latched and parasite and pulled apart and he's clearly going through something right. So profound and powerful and I sort of pray for him and pray that he gets the protection Lord that he, that he evidently needs.


Why is it that you've gotten more interest in celebrity stuff and how is it like, I like it when you do these investigative things, how is it that you sort of forgive the wording, really get yourself into, get your teeth into Bridget Macron's cock or something. Yeah. How is it that like those stories sort of capture your attention and what is this sort of shift in you? I know that's a somewhat political story and it sort of pertains perhaps the globalist blackmail and those kind of things, but the celebrity ones, maybe you'll explain That for me. Yeah. Well, so there's a couple of things about the celebrity ones. The first thing is, you know, I want people to wake up to what Hollywood actually is, right? So when you see people like Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively and oh, it's so glamorous and it's perfect. And then you get this person who just drops all of the text messages and the plotting and you know, the narcissism.


It's important for people to see that, you know, to, to recognize If you will, just who these, who these people actually are versus what Don't hold them up as moral icons. What is it? Blake Livelies had an affair, or Ron Reynolds had an affair. Oh gosh. You know, anything That's incredible. No, no. They just kind of, I've been tried to avoid it reading the Bible. They've tried to pick a puppy. I mean, they, they, she was doing a movie signed on to a movie. The guy Justin Baldoni was a major fan of hers, loved hers. He was, I mean, he self-flagellating to get to best woman on his, get this woman on his film. He cared deeply about the book to bring it to life. And he wasn't obviously an Alister. I had never heard his name before this, sorry. And yeah, I guess for whatever evil reason Lake and Ryan wanted to take over his home, his whole little film production and how they orchestrated this with their star power, right?


Like you manipulating 'em, like, we're French of Taylor Swift, we'll do this, we'll do that. Reading. It was quite stunning as the first thing, and it, it provided a, a, an opportunity for us to really say, this is what Hollywood is like behind the scenes. You'll never see this, this closely again. Yeah. But the other element was this was how she tried to do it was with this fake, you know, she came out and plotted with the New York Times to come out with the story that he had, you know, sexually harassed her on set. Well, unbeknownst to her, she said, you know this, we were filming this scene, but there was no audio unbe honest to her, there was audio when they were running this. So he then dropped the audio and she just lied. I mean, it's just, it's just crazy. Like she just literally to take this guy down was gonna just me too him for funsies. And he's like, If you go through his Instagram, he's, he's literally like the nicest.


He's just like, how can I be nicer to women going back and examining myself? He's got this beautiful little family and we why him? I don't know. Because he was weak and they could do it. Right. And so what scares me about that is that I have three sons, so I'm very invested in cases about the Me Too. And that kind of attaches why I'm interested in the Harvey Weinstein case. Even though Harvey Weinstein was definitively immoral, cheat on his wife and stands for, did a lot of things that stand against what I believe in. Yeah. But he didn't rape those girls. There's no question. Whoa, in my mind, he didn't rape these girls. You read the emails, it's crazy. This was what it is. Taylor's all his time, I've got power. You are sexy. What's the trade going on here? And they wanted parts. And then when their careers didn't take off and it became, became, you know, advantageous for them to play the victim, they did it.


I don't like the Me Too movement. Okay, If you want to be a prostitute, be a prostitute. But don't reign n on that deal when you don't become Angelina, the next Angelina Jolie. And so the Me Too issue is very important for me as, as a mother to three sons, there has to be justice for men. You can't just dis, you can't just call a man a rapist or pretend that you were sexually assaulted because you want something, whether that's money, success, or to write your own consciousness, which I think in the example of Harvey Weinstein, you know, someone said to me, if he had looked like Brad Pitt, they probably would've been fine with it. But they kind of were like, I'm doing this thing. I'm sleeping with Harvey Weinstein, what do I get in return? They got nothing in return for it. So I don't like these things. And so the, the Blake Lively case is a mixture of the Me Too movement and also just being able to shine a light, a light on Hollywood, Babylon.


You Don't like phony morality. That's it, isn't it? It's like when people are pretending to be moral and there is no morality. Well, obviously I've got some sort of personal investment because I've, as you are obviously aware, thanks for sticking up for me, being accused of untrue, really serious sex crimes. I suppose I can't go into it with too much detail and you've not asked me to. But the fact of the matter is, is that I recognize that my behavior was morally, you know, you shouldn't be sleeping around If you are, certainly if you're a really successful person, it's really easy to sleep with women and there is a power imbalance there that a man of God would be wise to and would not exploit.


But that I think is very different from overriding people's will. Hmm. Charm and fame are ways in which people's will is directed. Yeah. Like, and yeah. Yeah. All the time. They just, you know, and Yeah, I grew up with these women. I, I was working in New York, people see a celebrity, they flocked that celebrity women are willing to just so they can say, I slept with Leonard DiCaprio and I slept with Russell Brand. IIII know what it means to be a woman. And By the way, that is, that is an exchange. It's a power that women have, right? Beauty men. Yeah. What does the story tells over and over again, men will lose everything because of a beautiful woman. And, and people are learning that lesson the hard way.


You know, this is the, the Hellen of Troy, let's launch a thousand ships for this woman. And so men are flawed when they see a beautiful woman. And women consciously know that they go into these situations knowing what they're doing. And in reviewing the Harvey Weinstein situation, it was challenging for me because I assumed he was guilty. Yeah. Because there was so much media coverage. I'm like, well, there has to be some, there's so many women were speaking out. And then when I actually got down into it and looked into it, I was going, there's no way they couldn't convicted him on this, was that they have all of these emails, you got raped. And then for five years you just kept going to see a rapist and, and emailing him and saying, I love you, and dah, dah, dah. It's like, come on. It's defying common sense here. And so I'm, I'm sickened by it. And the fact that Gloria all rises the center of it, I, I think Michael Jackson told the truth about her.


He was, What did he say? Well, he was very much, he named names including Rabbi Shmuley, strangely enough, and, and very much implied that this was a gang that was operating. And we'll never know beyond that. He had a list of six people that he had had issues with, and Gloria all Redd was on it. And I think that woman is a viper and, and you know, she should know that hell is an eternity. And so your, your winds here, you think you're taking down people, branding people as rapists, sexual accusers, that you can get money and more power for yourself. You will meet your maker one day too. So even when you're talking about stuff that's somewhat celebrity orientated and say scintillating, you are looking at what false morality underlies it.


It's So important and how it's exploited and where the power is in it, and the way that new morality is often masking itself as virtuous when underneath it. Yeah. I suppose. Alright, so the f this is one of the things that became really obvious in COVID. This is a thing I've thought about again lately, is the what underwrites the idea of massive sanctions during COVID. Get in your house six feet apart, wear a mask, take the vaccine is human life is sacred. And anything we can do to protect human life, we must do. And it's only when you reflect on how those are not the values that the culture sets it up sets itself up by or abides by that you realize, hang on, that can't have been true. That must have been another reason. They were also saying like, you know, let your grandma die alone.


So it's anti-family. Okay. It doesn't wanna stay away from your family. It's dangerous. Tell on your neighbors, you know, like no sense of community. And we can keep you alive. We are a man and we can keep you alive. So all you have to do is turn on your screens and we'll tell you what to do and hop on one foot at the grocery store and we'll keep you alive. What is it? It's antichrist. That's why I was just like, no. Yeah, yeah. Didn't wear a mask. I did. I hung out with my family and friends. Like, I'm not going down that way like I am. Just, to me, I will stand against that sort of authority because I can see things like that. And people were putting Dr. Fauci signs in their yard. I mean, like worshiping this man. Yes. In a way Yes. That was terrifying and willing to call and tell on their neighbors and willing to allow their parents and their children to die alone in a hospital for fear that you might catch a virus, an invisible virus, and willing to roll up their sleeve, to submit their bodies.


I mean, there was an excellent article because George gets the spectator uk The spectator UK is very good. And I wish I could find it. I know it was written by a woman and she basically said, this bears all of the, all of the markers of a religion. Right? Yeah. You know, there's a, they're sacrificing, they're doing this, they're doing that. They're, they even have what they're wearing. Like it's on a yamaka. They're wearing the mask. Yeah. It's amazing. It Was fast. It was a great read. I should find that article. George will have it upstairs somewhere. I was like, this is fantastic. You should keep this. Yeah. Secularism is a religion. I suppose If you create a culture where people are not willing to die and kill for what they believe in, but are willing to be herded, unskilled from one socially appointed ritual or right to another consuming, waiting to die, then that's you.


What you have is a kind of a hive of manageable individuals rather than equipped, awakened men and women that know how to hunt, know how to feed themselves, know how to fight, know how to protect themselves and one another and believe ultimately in the eternal truth, recognize we are here temporarily, we're gonna die. Mm. So we're not gonna spend all our time here just trying to clinging onto it, making it depending on that which is temporary instead of rightly depending upon that which is eternal. The first thing you have to do is dismiss the idea. There is no God, there is no Christ. What we have is our religion, our faith, our orthodoxy. Yeah. And that's why Sam Harris lost his mind during COVID because he's a, a committed atheist. He tours around the world speaking about atheism and debating people.


And this is why God is not real. And so when he thought he could die, and this was it, he lost his mind. He lost his marbles. He's like a, he was in a fragile mental state, the idea of dying for an atheist. Right. And so he was willing to submit everything to the state. He was telling everybody, do this, do this, do this. This is how we're all gonna stay alive. It's scary, you know, it's, it's, and by the way, there is no such thing as an atheist, obviously. And Sam Harris showed us that there's such thing as an atheist because he be joined the Church of COVID in four seconds, you know, who replaced his God with the authority of the state and participated. It, it, everybody like religion is natural. Right? And so if you're gonna tell me that somebody doesn't believe in God, tell me who it is and I'll show you who their God is.


Right? Yes. I mean, why do you think you have these like protestors, vegan protestors, the things that they're willing to do, right. To make a statement that people shouldn't be hunting. And you go, okay, so that's your, that's your faith. Everybody has a faith and that's yours sacred There. Yeah. Because it's a connection to something eternal and divine. Yeah. You can't have anything. All there is is nihilism. People misunderstand the argument against atheism is that people seem to think that what the claim of religion is, is that, oh, you think that without God I can't have ethics and morals. Mm. It's like, no, without God, you can't claim that your morals or ethics are based on anything other than what you think. And lo and behold, look how they change.


The left used to believe this. Now they believe that they used to believe in free speech. Now they don't believe in free speech. The right used to believe in this. But now they don't because you can't make gods of man. You can't create permanence. You can't create false idols. You can't make a God with your own hands. God is here or pervading ever present. The very thing that you use to deduce there isn't a God is God. Your sentience, your awareness, your participation in eternity. The fact that you live at the author of the present moment, that is God in real live action right now. And when you use that facility, that great gift of divinity, that divine spark and flow, that living water to denounce and deny God's own existence, you are participating in false idolatry in devil worship.


Without God, you can't make a claim for animal rights, for women's rights, for the environment, for anything. 'cause nothing means anything. There is no meaning other than that which we derive from the observation of patent and fact that there are patterns is a further indication of the hallmark of God. 'cause otherwise, would you, why would you recognize mathematics or music or geometry? What would these things be across the infinite blur? What would these pat patterns amount to? So there is no argument against it that this is a revival. I think we're in one And we are, and that's why I'm actually against psych psychiatry. And I don't know if you've ever gone down the Sigmund Freud rabbit hole. You haven't. You should. What is it? Or is it modern psychology? Coke Mummy. Oh, it's gives A line. Mum's looking sexy. Oh, it's so much worse. And it's so much darker. And your mom Does look sexy If you do enough Coke.


Oh my God. If you don To have sex with my mother Than his drugs. Cocaine. His drug addiction was the least of it. Was the least of it. Really? Yeah, it really was. It's there, it was us. What about Jung? Well, I haven't read anything about him. He's right. But I know that he kind of departed from him Archetypal cartography. There is a blind sublime and inaccessible great mystery. Well, that is accessible actually. It's permeating in everything. But Freud what? The cocaine and, and mummies looking hot under the Pin and just like, you know, covering, that's just the beginning. Child pedophilia for all of his homies that were pedophiles. Sure. 1000% real, by the way. Yeah. The, yeah. Discovered in the Freud archives by the director. And then he tried to ring the bell and the psychiatric community was like, you must not do this. This Is gonna look, Yeah, this is gonna ruin everything.


It's gonna show that like we're just all frauds and we're making stuff up because we want to actually have a, we see ourselves as gods and we want to have access to people by telling them what their selves should be. I think it's, you know, you go to psych psychology and I know it works for some people in therapy, but a lot of times it's all about you, you, you, you, you, this stuff. And yeah, I'm sure you can come across a good, I'm sure you can come across a good psychologist and a good therapist. But more often than not, a lot of the ills that we have in society today are because people are constantly being validated, validated across from the psychologist. And this is who you are. This is what you are. And that's how we end up with transgenderism. And you can actually be 20 different selves If you want. And there's no tr there's no truth. Everything's subjective. Mm. But I, I, I had wondered with this struggle that, because I think it conflicts, I think modern psychology conflicts with Christ because it was intended to con to conflict with Christ.


If you get into what Simon Freud believed in. But I wonder if that was kind of the struggle that Jordan Peterson was having with committing to Christ. It's like, wait, because psychology tells me that I am able to comprehend. And I would love to ask him this question, you know, I am able to comprehend the mind. I am my own God. I am in control. I would imagine that a psychiatrist or a psychologist would really struggle to submit themselves to. Well, you know, it isn't obvious to me at all Candace, that, that God isn't real ab Absolutely. I mean, of course. Yeah. I mean it's really good. I started to feel like it was being disrespectful to him because I do, this is one of the things that I'm thinking in this space that we occupy, where we have these voices and this access where are doing so incredibly well.


We are so potently, brave and brilliant. We're such an example of all that is wonderful and or wise and bold and sometimes capricious in the feminine that I wonder Candace, if we can deliberately participate in the unity of his church in love that I was told that we need truth. In fact, in the Ephesians prayer, the belt of truth has to go on first. We have to gird ourselves in truth before we receive the grace of the breastplate of righteousness before the good news can be on our feet and the shield on our arm and the sword of the spirit in our hand and the helmet of salvation that can protect us from nefarious thoughts. What I wonder how we can be in this sp space that derives so much from conflict and argument and not lean into it.


You know, like what the spats and the rivalry, but I don't think it's rival. I think it's, again, what I'm, what I'm hitting up on there is actually something that you and I were just talking about, how difficult it is to, to submit full stop no matter who you are, how difficult it is to submit man versus self is, is the most difficult struggle. Right. And that's why I thought about how interesting it is. Like this is the struggle. It's it's versus your own mind. Right? And So I think that entire field is saying, well you now comprehend the mind. You can't ever comprehend the mind. Yeah. You, I can never comprehend my mind. It's constantly having to check yourself and check your ego and submit. And, And so I'm I'm thinking about it more philosophically of like this, it's, it is a struggle to accept that you are kind of nothing, you know, in a, in a way, you know, you're kind of, yeah, that's hard.


It's a tough pill for anyone to struggles. Why? I said that's people working so hard. I know. Look on all these things I've done. Yeah. And I, and that's why I think it's like you, I was in Sarah Marshall, Sarah Marshall. But that is, that is actually what brings I think what could bring everyone together. It's like we're also hung up on that ego and believing in our title actor PhD, you know, doctor, I mean whatever it is. Yeah. Graduated from Harvard, Oxford, whatever it is. It's very hard. And, and especially in this matrix where we, we give out accolades for those things. Cool. Like you are an A-list actor. Yeah. You even have a list now a-list Blist C list actor.


Which one are you? Are you D-list are, you know, when I was on, you know Meghan Markle, a D-list they say, and this person's this and Yeah, I'm not in the alphabet anymore. I mean OG glyphs are you almost like a drawing of a like sort of a bloke with a bird's dead or that dog's still a going like that aless, you know? Yeah. People just hope yourself. I hope So. I Hope it's, it's still, you're still a-list. But this is the point. And I think it's hard for us especially like, I don't know, just coming out of what did you go to university? Did you get a degree? We're constantly looking for these kind of meaningless things to tell us, Hey, If you ain't read The Great Divorce by CS Lewis yet, you should read it. Because it seems that the struggle that we have in embracing and entering heaven is our unwillingness to relinquish our attachments to our human identity. And just the manner that you're describing that CS Lewis describes an imaginary journey from hell, which is a gray, dreary place actually rather than spec spectacularly horrific.


They go to heaven and everything there is sort of hard and like, it's almost like you would need not more ethereal, brilliant authorial choice by CS Lewis. Everything is denser and stronger and harder. They can encounter eighties and angels there as well as the other denizens of this hellish region that he describes the bus journey from and the arrival in heaven. And many people can't. Anyone, they're all invited to be in heaven, come, come to heaven, come and be in heaven. But people are like, no, I'm not letting go of that. They're like sort of caught up in their relationships. Sometimes they meet people that they knew on earth that are like, yeah, I know, but I loved you. I like everyone's willing to relinquish and enter into paradise. The obstacle to paradise is our unwillingness precisely to let go of that identity that we've got an altar and on it might be personal accolade or some form of personal identification or identity.


And If you can't let go of that, then you're in trouble. That's why isn't identity politics ridiculous? Because instead of saying you are important, you are beautiful, you are perfect, yes you are valuable, but not because of some temporary characteristic 'cause of the vessel you inhabit. Mm. You are divine important 'cause you are made in the image of your creator and you are part of this family and you are perfect and you are loved and you are forgiven. Come, come in, come in. No, I'm staying here. I want to stay here. I was in Sarah Marshall, like If you like clinging on to some Yeah. Crap tree kit. We all do it and we all do it. And that's kind of the point. And I think like we have to, you, you have to kind of experience that. You, I always say like, you know, you gotta recognize that you suck a little bit. You know, it's good to just keep not, that's why I love having sisters because they just keep me humble, you know?


Do they Oh my sisters. Yeah. They, we make fun of each other all the time. We don't take, we don't take ourselves so seriously. You have to ha and and toddlers will especially keep you checked If you, If you think that you're anything hang out with some toddlers, they say everything that's on their mind, the first thing that's on their mind about how you look. This, that. And I think it's, yeah, They'd like to pick something off you didn't they? A toddler. Yeah. Like if you've got something on you, they'll pick that off. And actually something that I, I meant to text you was somebody had commented when I had covered your situation in the UK and said that they thanked you for their, actually said it was her daughter. I'll send you, I actually screenshot it but forgot to hit send. But like basically her daughter owed her sobriety to you. And I just thought that was of everything that could have been said about you, like, oh, I love him in this love and that I was like, this is like such a beautiful thing that she was sharing the story in a very long comment about how her daughter just really struggled.


And then like, I don't know why, I don't know If you, maybe if she watched a podcast, she wasn't clear on what it was, but she owed her sobriety to you and she said that she saw you at like, she was in the same 'cause you did the 12, I think you 12 step program, whatever it is. And something that you said or did there completely changed her life. And I was like, this is the most beautiful thing I've ever read. And I don't know why I didn't hit send. I think it, I have a D ADHD or something, but I screenshot it So I have it in my phone. I'll give it to you. It Might be that vaccine injury you've got making you, it's making you forget. This is so Beautiful. But I didn't send it. I don't Mind moved on now. But there were a lot of people that said that. Thank you in comments about you. Thanks for telling me that. And I think that's the highest compliment that somebody can to, I think can give you. And I'm wondering how did you By the way get sober? Like what was the thing that, and how long have you been sober for by the way?


22 and a half years. And I got sober because it got so desperate. In fact, I'm an idiot. The only way I do anything, the only way I ever improve myself is through absolute desperation and total breaking point. At breaking point I will stop drinking and taking drugs. I will surrender to Christ if there is enough external pressure, if I'm literally crucified. If I'm forced to recognize that my identity is temporary, transient and impermanent. I can't look after the most important things in my life. Like my son and my son's wellbeing and his medical, he had had heart surgery and he was just born and it was, it just exposed me to the limitations of my power, which are narrow. How ridiculous to think that I'm important. How ridiculous to think that I'm like a God.


How ridiculous to think that there's any accolade that anyone could accrue or acquire that would mean anything at all. So I was lucky enough to meet people that knew that someone like me could never take another drink or ever do drugs. And the fact is, is that most people that drink and drug take drug drugs, addictively can is are indeed looking for God, are indeed looking for a spiritual solution. And the 12 step solution is a spiritual solution. It focuses not on the substance actually, but on the self. It tells you, you are worshiping yourself. That's what you're doing. And in order to sustain this mad system of worship, you need to drink and take drugs. And firstly, abstinence. Like once you force someone who's a dependent on drug dependent, look at that word dependent on drugs and alcohol, then you feel terrible and bear and naked and raw, then you have to believe it's possible that you can change.


You do this somewhat from the community, but also by investigating yourself where you will recognize that you've always known there was a God, you've always known it somewhere. Then you make a decision to allow that God to run your life under the guidance and tutelage of other people that you know are acting on the basis of these principles. That's why we have scripture. That's why we have clerics and priests and people that are ordained and that are able to carry that, that kind of weight, burden, responsibility, and duty. So you admit there's a problem. You stop drinking. You believe it's possible to change. You make a decision to turn your will and your life over to the carer of God. You belong to a community. You inventory yourself and work out where you've been going wrong. You have to be 100% honest about everything you've ever done. Every resentment you've got against other people and yourself, there is an ideology.


12 step recovery is a miracle actually. It is ordained, it is anointed, it is divinely inspired. It's an American folk religion, in fact, that is, provides a perfect pathway for people that are obsessed and attached. 'cause What is addiction other than attachment? Attachment to pornography, attachment to food, attachment to drugs, attachment to sex. It shows you the way to bring those false idols down and to recognize that you were made for love, that you were made for service. And it's a slow turgid journey. But the people that are addicts, they're devoted anyway. They're dedicated anyway. They've got no choice. Where, where recovery goes wrong is the same way that the church can go wrong, is seeing itself as secondary to the culture. When the church starts wearing the livery and the flags of the culture is in trouble, whether that's Nazism or some well-intended liberal idea, if it starts flying flags other, there's only one flag of the flag of Calgary.


That's the only flag that matters to a Christian. And I feel that the 12 steps is miraculous precisely because it tells you you are a spiritual being. You've not been told that. You've been told you are a material being, and you're trying to resolve that disjunct of knowing that the world is never enough, that you can never have enough food or enough sex or enough porn or enough heroin to ever fulfill yourself. Stop trying, walk a different path. It's a beautiful, beautiful system. And I'm, yeah, I'm most grateful for it. I think maybe for people that are struggling with addiction, and there are so many people that listen to my podcast that are, and whether it's porn addiction or drug addiction or drinking it, I think it's the, they don't wanna go through that period of shame.


Like once you're drunk, it's easier. And I have no, I, I have people in my family who have struggled with addiction, have never gotten over it. And So I'm always so curious when you see someone who's done it, and I'm sure people that are still struggling with it and you know you will be an addict for life. So it's like, even if you're clean 22 years, you're still an addict. Right. What do you think is the difference? Like, why are some people able to do this and then to speak about it and to provide such a light to others to get clean while others just, you know, 70 years old and can't stop the addiction, can't stop the drinking. Is it, is, is that fear of facing yourself? Do you think It's that? I believe it's in part that I think that the disease of addiction is a perfect correlative to the idea of sin.


In fact, I see sin now as in self, the sibilant s of the serpent. That coiling crawling thing of sin to worship yourself. Now I think you, it's difficult to get clean unless you're willing to take that first step. Some people will fall at the first step. They'll tell you, we all recognize it. Some people will go, I don't have a problem with drinking. I like drinking. It's okay to drink. That's like, If you can't get someone over that you are in real trouble. If they, until they go, I know I just can't stop, that's good. That and that acknowledgement, I can't stop my life falling apart, then you've got an aperture there, then you are ready for the second step. The second step is, do you believe it's possible? Because I've stopped. I don't do it. I used to drink all the time. You meet people worse than you.


I was in jail for this. I'd done that. I've prostituted myself, I did this, that or the other. And you meet people that have such terrible galling stories that tell you, I changed. I don know how I did it, but power greater than myself restored me to sanity. So once there's an inkling of the possibility, they're ready for the third step. The third step is, do you recognize you can't be in control anymore? Something else? It literally says, we made a decision to turn our will and our life over to the care of God. As we understood God. It's extremely and explicitly spiritual people try to secularize it and they can, because 12 step programs wisely stay out of that debate of trying to define what God might mean to various people.


But once you say, I'm not in charge anymore, then you will be willing to perhaps attend group support groups. You will be willing to conduct the written program. You will be willing to start reading the literature. You will be willing to consider helping other people to start recognizing that the problem's really been that you spend all your time thinking about yourself, what you want and what you don't want, what you desire and what you're afraid of. One thing, the 12 steps don't do that I would love to contribute, is they don't acknowledge that this, this isn't happening in neutrality. It's happening in a culture that overstimulates desire and overstimulates fear. In fact, those are the two rods that it attaches to you like some antichrist anti shepherd with its rod and staff of fear and desire, instead of offering you comfort and guidance.


It offers continual stimulation and it continually navigates you back to self. The addict experiences this in extremists. Most people, our species in fact, are generally very adaptive. Okay? We're living in a cold place. We'll live in a cold place. We are live in a concrete jungle. We'll live in a concrete jungle. But the addict won't adapt. The alcoholic won't adapt the alcoholic, the addict has to have God has to have God. And If you don't give the alcoholic God, it will make one and it will worship it on its knees at the toilet basin, the, the steps of the brothel. Anywhere where there's some sort of stimulant available. So the, the, the modality of the 12 steps, it emerges from the church, and I believe it's going back into the church.


It came out a group called the Oxford Group, which is the first century Christian movement that wanted to revive the principles of Chris early Christianity. And I believe that what we have a lot to learn, particularly at a time when you are, as you said earlier in our conversation, the myth of progressivism is falling apart. We are being told, we're progressing while we are degenerating to the smallest imaginable units. We're decomposing that these ideas, not only the 12 steps for the 12 traditions might permit us a pathway. New ways to organize these groups are incredible. No one's in a position of authority. Authority is derived from the consensus of the group. We discuss it together. It has to be the expression of the principles, the priest aid principles of the group, which are things like love, kindness, service. They're not wacky crackers, things you're not supposed to be prioritizing making money.


There's such a great legacy and such great potential and possibility. I'm very interested in how it could help. For example, the HHS who I know have very bold ambitions for the health of America. What makes a country sick? What makes a country want to eat disgusting, processed, poisonous, toxic food? Well, mass marketing campaigns, wide availability and economic conditions and poverty and the avail. You know, there's there, there are obvious causal reasons, but what is the sick psychic scar at the core of it? Why would you, why would there be a pharmaceutical industry that wants to treat illnesses by making them worse and perpetuating them? Where is God in all this? How are we gonna reawaken the spirit of our kind? How are we gonna overcome the petty distractions, the low frequency quarreling and squabbling and agree on a grand vision that's gonna require unity under one God maximum democracy, maximum personal, individual authority.


As long as that authority is seeded to a higher power, and as long as we're running on principles like service and love one another, then we, we have a chance we can't continue to default to the closed system, the closed system of self-service, full idolatry, self worship. That's exactly where this system seems to want all of us, you worshiping you, me worshiping me, all of us oblivious and blind, staggering around in the dark. Consuming their products. Believing their lives, degenerate, incapable of feeding ourselves and protecting one another. It seems to me that the utensils and tools and ideals lay all around us unused. And we just have to pick up our sword or pick up our cross at least and follow him. You know, Russell, I was thinking about it and I've decided I will let you into me and my husband's apocalyptic group.


Good, thank you. To play this game where we're like, okay, if we had to live off of a land, who would we allow to come onto our farm? Because everyone's gotta bring something. This person can, so this person can cook, this person can hunt. And I was thinking, you know, at the beginning of this conversation, I know If Russell's gonna be a lot of apocalyptic group because he can't grow food. No. Doesn't know what agriculture was gonna say, but I think If you invited entertainment, I Could Reenact great conversation entertainment. Doing A war show, You'd be baptizing people in the Yes. In the water. Yes. That water. So we'd probably be washing our feet in that water as well be, be pressed. We've got a lot of water. Exactly. Exactly. You wouldn't, you wouldn't know much about the land. But I think nothing, I think I'm gonna let you in. Thank You for having me in your apocalyptic cult.


Well, and here.