
Amber Rose, I'm so excited to have you here. Thanks for joining. Thank you. Thanks for having Me. So many things that I wanna say, I am gonna try to shut up, but the first thing that I wanna say is I was so empathetic watching you at the RNC because First and foremost, your speech was amazing and I think everybody agreed that your speech was amazing. But I knew what was gonna follow immediately after, which was sort of this purity test because I had lived it before So. I was in your shoes, I guess now it's been like eight, nine years ago. and I just realized that everything I was being told was a lie. Like I, and it was specifically started on the BLM stuff, like on the Black America stuff. And that's all I said. And then my remarks went viral.


I was being invited to all these places, and I wasn't ready to then have my feet held to the fire about every single position. Well, what does she, what has she ever said about right pro-life? What has she ever said about this? What, like, is she actually conservative? I'm like, guys, I'm just saying what I believe in my heart to be true, and now you're trying to put me through a test. Right. And that's exactly what happened to you thereafter. Yeah. So I. Guess the first question I just wanna ask you is how are you doing today? I'm wonderful. You're good? Yeah. This isn't the first time I've been canceled or viral or trending on Twitter. you know, I've been down this road several times throughout the years, so it's kind of just like, I I mean I slept like a baby this whole week.


So I'm so glad to hear that. Yeah. So how are you feeling, I guess, leading up to the speech? 'cause that's the, that's a huge honor to be speaking in front of the former president and likely future president of the United States. Right. How were you feeling leading up to the speech and immediately following it? So I. I wrote my speech with one of the writers that works for Trump, right. I told them everything that I wanted to talk about. I didn't wanna talk about the border. I didn't wanna talk about all that stuff. I wanted to, to just keep it like, you know, I'm a mom, I wanna talk about the economy, inflation, things like that. My story, how I came over to this side and they wrote something up, and then I kind of put it into my own words, and that's what everyone saw at the RNC.


But I, I will say CANDACE, I did not think anyone would care. I'll be honest with you. I just, you know, I was just like, there's so many speakers going up. No one knows me in the political world, you know, I'm gonna go there. And honestly, the whole day before I spoke, maybe there was like some young girls that were like my fans and stuff that wanted pictures. But other than that, no one, you know, really knew who I was there. And right after that speech, boy, I, I must have taken like 3000 pictures in four days. Wow. Wow. I promise you it was like from the morning into the night downstairs in the hotel, outside at the RNC, walking to the RNC, because You know they had everything blocked off and stuff.


It definitely changed my life, but I don't know, for sometimes for me, I'm like, I'm just a girl from Philly. I, why does anyone care? you know? And then I go online and everyone's like, she's irrelevant. No one cares about what she has to say. No one gives a shit, you know? And then I'm like, okay, no one gives a shit. Let me just go on stage and just say how I feel. And then people give a shit. And I'm like, but I thought they weren't gonna give a shit. Yeah. So that's what I battle with every time I do something like that. Well, I knew it was gonna be huge for a couple of reasons. The first and I saw this happening as soon as you put on the MAGA hat, and there was a clip of you, TMZ was basically chasing you, trying to pigeonhole you of like, wait, you're, you belong to us.


Like you're, you're on the left. You're the girl from the slut walk. Right? And I know how proprietary Hollywood gets about if you're in Hollywood, if we've ever promoted you, if we've ever put you on a magazine cover, you get in line with these beliefs. Like you, these are your political beliefs. And you can't change So. I knew hitting the RNC stage, which is such a pendulum swing, they were not gonna have that. And then I knew that conservatives, I just don't think that they have thought through the differences. Not all conservatives have thought the differences between what it means to be a conservative, what it means to be a Republican, right. And what it means to be a Christian. And they were holding you to a test of is she a Republican conservative Christian?


And the reality is, tons of people can and do vote Republican who are not Christians, right. Who are not even necessarily fully conservatives. Right. They're like gay, married men, and they vote because they prioritize the economy over their gay identity. I also don't think Donald Trump is very conservative. Interesting in in what ways He's pro-choice. I don't think that's very conservative. It's definitely not Christian. So people can say you're fiscally conservative. And this kind of gets into it, like there needs to be a thorough conversation about what it means to be a Republican versus a conservative versus a Christian. And we haven't had that. and I knew that your feet were gonna be held to the fire.


Was there any comments that, before we get into, like your background and how you ended up there Sure. That impacted you or that you felt upset about that came at you? Or were you just like, I'm good. Well, I'll be honest with you, the Matt Wall stuff, it didn't really bother me, but it did. It did. you know, people, religious people, like that is why I went on my atheist journey. And So I. I was a, I was a Christian my whole life. I used to go to, my mom still goes to church seven days a week. you know, I used to go to church with my mom all the time, but I used, I, I used to run into people like him often. And so for me, it made me just get turned off by the church and then in turn, kind of go on a spiritual journey.


I was looking into Buddhism, I was looking into Islam, which was extremely farfetched for me. And then I landed on atheism because I just, I just never felt comfortable on that side. But I, I will say besides that, when I, when I showed up at the RNC, it was, there was a lot of white men in suits. And So, I can understand why maybe a person of color or somebody that comes from the left would be intimidated by that, because that's maybe not necessarily the norm that we are used to being around. But after I did that speech, Candace, I, I spoke to so many people, or they were coming up to me telling me their stories, right?


And these are, these are guys that look like they come from generational wealth, and they're like, oh no, I, I came from nothing. You know, I, I just worked my way up and I figured it out. Or one of the other guys was like, my dad's in prison for murder. I mean, you would think this guy was like, had a billionaire daddy. He was like, no, my dad's in prison for murder. My sister died of fentanyl poisoning. you know, my brother died in the opioid crisis and So, it just, you know, I, I still had that remnants left of the, of the left in my head where I, I have to admit, when I walked in there, I'm like, oh my God, th th they're gonna hate me.


Or they're just, they're from a different world. And when I started talking to them, I'm like, we're actually all going through the same thing in America right now. And you can't just judge a book by its cover. 'cause I don't want people to judge me. I'm actually a sweetheart. I'm, I I I'm not a, a crazy person or anything like that. But yeah, it was, it was, it was really sad. A lot of people are going through a lot and, and thank you, you know, for telling your stories. Everyone at the RNC and like, you know, and sorry for your loss. 'cause people lost a lot of people to Fentanyl, mostly So. It, it's interesting that you say that. 'cause one of the things I always say to my cousin, she, she does my hair and we talk about this a lot.


I'm like, if only people in the hood knew that the rednecks are the exact same people. Yeah, for sure. They're the exact same people. Yeah. And yet the media will have you thinking like, oh the rednecks hate black people. Yeah. They're Like, it is actually, as soon as you get around now, I'm like, they're exactly the same. People flipped. And some of the best people I've ever met, actually, I will say the best people I ever met are just from down here in the south. Because they have the right values. Like, you know, they family and faith. And faith is a big component of it. And I know what you mean when you say that you feel and I, it makes me sad to hear that. 'cause I've heard it many times that Christians can be really judgmental or If. you felt that because the reality is that there were so many other Christians who were not saying that.


and I messaged Matt immediately. 'cause I actually know Matt Walsh very well. I've worked with him for years. He's actually an amazing person. and I just felt That, you know, I was actually following him on Instagram. Were you and I unfollowed him after I saw that tweet? Oh My, see, I feel like I Didn't know much about him. You guys, I saw other people following him. So I was just trying to find a community of people and I, I just, I unfollowed him. I'm like, oh, I guess he doesn't like me. So that, And, and that is so like, yeah, honestly the tweet was ill representative of who Matt Walsh is and his wife is amazing. He, I think what he was trying to say didn't come across the right way. 'cause I immediately texted him and I was just like, oh wait Matt, I think that like you have, you have this wrong and I think what he was trying to say.


and I hope don don't, I don't sound like I'm like an apologist for Matt Walsh who obviously like, and I might be being a little Catholic gang gang here. But I think what he was trying to say was something about the RNC and like what they're prioritizing. But I actually even disagree with that point too. 'cause I think that again, speaking to like what the RNC should be trying to do ahead of an election is basically saying, are we, these are the things that we are offering like a better economy, this, that, and, but these are the lies that are told about the RNC. Like the people believe that Donald Trump is this. Yeah. and I think a part of that is kind of trying to disillusion people and So I wish you, you guys and I hope you will and the opportunity to have a moment to speak because I promise you like it's not who he is.


He's like a really good dude. And I know I'm good though. Yeah. I know. I know. I feel it. I know. I get it. But I'm glad that so many other people like responded a way. Yeah. I had a A lot of dms of, you know, people saying that they're, you know, they're gonna pray for me that like nice Christians, he's, I promise he's a nice Christian. I promise he is. That I just, it came out, I think it came out the wrong way. But yeah, Matt does so much charity for Christians and he's fought on a lot of causes. And again, I don't wanna smack a Matt Paul, but I get it. I totally get how you feel about the Situation. I think it's more so like when he's like You know the slut walk fine, the rappers part. I You know what's so funny, Hannah is I, I've only been in relationships my whole career and I've been pigeon like do You know in Hollywood If you are at the same restaurant as someone.


They will put it on the news that you're together. You're not at the same table. You don't know them. They're with their family, you're with your family. And they'll say, we're at the ho the, the hotel or the restaurant at the same exact time. This is what they have done to me throughout the years. Okay, So, I get it. I understand this is why I'm doing this interview. I understand why. He's like, she just wrappers or she just does this. And even my slut walk, I was really, really proud of it. I hate what it turned into. I hated the name slut Walk. I hate it when girls, you know, which sounds very hypocritical. Had to leave the slut walk dress like that.


Which was the whole point like, don't touch me because I'm dressed like this. you know, still respect me 'cause I'm dressed like a slut. But then when they would leave, I'd be like, this is my responsibility. I brought them here, but now I don't want them to go get hurt. But what, that was the whole damn point of the slut walk where I'm not making a change. There's nothing, I'm not making any change for any women right now. 'cause I really want them to go put on a blanket and walk home and go be safe and cover up


Hope you guys are enjoying this conversation. I'm interrupting only briefly to speak to you about something very important. The recent reports regarding Planned Parenthood show us that they continue to rake in billions despite dwindling clients. The biggest takeaway is that Planned Parenthood is generating vast profits, including millions in taxpayer funding. But with Preborn, that's you and me, we are actively given the opportunity to steal away their clientele. Meaning the babies that they're trying to kill. Preborn operates in a very slim budget, rescuing over 200 babies', lives every day with no government funding. Preborn network of clinics are situated in the darkest corners of the nation, competing head to head with the abortion giants. And they need our help now more than ever. When you donate just $28 to Preborn, you will offer a free ultrasound to an expectant mother that is caught in a crisis. Once she hears that heartbeat and sees that precious life, her baby's chance at life doubles. So sponsor a precious baby's life. Today, your tax deductible gift will go directly towards saving babies' lives. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to Preborn dot com slash Candace. That's Preborn dot com slash Candace.


It's actually, I actually wanna talk about the slut walk. Yeah. And that's a great place. 'cause we can actually talk about your history and some of the judgment that was thrown at you. and I do wanna say this because I have tried to communicate this to people who just cannot understand why I have any sort of assemblance of a relationship with Tristan Tate and Andrew Tate. And they're very big and I just get it. I think one of the things that happens a lot, and I, I always talk about Ally Stuckey, who's this podcast Christian podcaster. She's amazing. She's lovely. She's basically like, what you want your daughter to be like? Everything turned out right. She came from a stable family to Christian parents. She like loves the Lord. And then you have someone like Andrew Tate and her and him maybe have said things about each other.


But I always say to people with the way that my life was, how my life started, I would've never listened to Ally sucky. Like I would have never in a million years listened to an Ally sucky podcast before I listened to an Andrew Tate podcast. Do you get what I mean? Because it, it wasn't, which is, I'm saying this is quite ironically it wasn't relatable. That's the name of her podcast. It wasn't relatable because I'm like, okay, you're a girl. Or I hope one day that I could raise kids like that, but I'm gonna listen to someone who I just feel understands things like that I've lived through, you know what I mean? Yeah. And it's not easy to be guided down the right path or to end up at faith immediately. and that, I think that's why an entire generation of kids who didn't grow up with two parents in the home would rather listen to an Andrew Tate.


And the conservative does not always understand that. and I think that that's not a good thing. And that's why I loved when I heard you just say what you believe. 'cause I'm like, if that I I, 'cause I believed that you believed it. Right? And I'm like, great. Now we invite her in and talk to her about where she's been and what made her wake up. So starting with the Slut walk, because I was frantically against the Slut Walk, talked about it many times in my old show, I'm gonna just I Know. I remember, oh, I was like, I was anti slut walk because I felt that women were being used to actually make things harder for women. So I'm gonna show you just like a cut here for the audience, for a clip of just some slut walk footage.


You're not in any of this footage, but I just so people know what it is. Okay. I'm a porn star. My name is Lily Cade. I'm here today because just because I am a slut doesn't mean you can rape me. I am who I am. If. you don't like it. The word slut should be Reclaimed because sex is just something that's fun and something that's natural that we do. We're here to support women's rights and to choose what they wanna do. And they're not asking for it just 'cause they're dressing like this or however they choose to dress. Every time someone tried to call me a slut when I was younger, I was like, no, no, no, no, I'm not, I'm not a slut. I'm not a whore. Not all that. Finally my 18th birthday comes out, I'm like, and I do what I want. Now don don't have to say, I'm not a slut dick or bitch don't care. So when you see that and I will granted look, end of it's funnyish It is funny.


Yeah. How does it make you feel A part of it? I am not proud of another part of it. I, I I agree with, and the part that I do agree with is that there are a lot of girls in high school or college. Right. Young girls that are literally called derogatory names for no reason at all. They're not even doing anything. I was one of those girls. I was a late bloomer. My, my kids are 11 and four. I have friends that have like 25 year olds. So, you know, I, I do think that sometimes that is an issue where you bully girls because you're insecure or maybe she might like another boy or something like that.


So that was one piece in there, if I'm not mistaken, where the girl said that, but then she said, Dick or badge or whatever, who cares? Or something like that. That's the only thing I still do agree with. But the other stuff, I just, and You know what Candace too. Listen, when it comes to sex workers, I am still for sex workers. And when I say that I mean that I understand, it's not easy to just stay, stop. Don't do this anymore. You're better than this. Right. We can all say that at all day. But there has to be a solution for why they should stop. you know? Or maybe the money that they did make through sex work or the umbrella of sex work, like stripping and stuff was not actually sex and create businesses for themselves or something like that.


you know, So I, I have empathy for women like that because I was, I was that girl. I never, my dreams and aspirations in life were not to be a dancer. But I grew up poor and my mom had mental health issues and You know we were homeless when I was really young. And my neighborhood was drug dealers and strippers, You know. So that wasn't my lifelong dream. And then when I became famous, everyone just pointed the finger at me and was like, you used to be a stripper. We, we remember you. you know? And, and then that made like the whole internet and stuff.


And then I had to just live with that. And over time I embraced it with my slut walk because it was the only way to survive. I was like in survival mode. Because initially I'm like, Hey guys, I grew up poor and my, and they're like, shut up. You were a stripper. Shut up. you know? So I'm like, okay, well no one cares why. So what else is there left for me to do? I have to just own it. Which I think is what Cardi B does often. She, she has to own it and act like she, we all have to act like we love it. See, that's, so this is very interesting. So for those who were not introduced to Amber Rose before the RNC Ambrose was introduced to the world because you were dating Kanye West.


Yes. And it was 15 years Ago. 15 years ago. And it became this big thing Kanye West is, is dating a stripper. And suddenly you became famous, like basically overnight. Yeah. and I, well, he Didn't know that I was a stripper at all. Oh. When he met me, I didn't know This. So the misconception is that he met me at the strip club. I thought that my whole life until right now, no, He never met me at the strip club. I was actually a model. I was signed with Ford models. I got booked for a music video called Robocop on 8 0 8 and Heartbreak. Okay. Although that album is not about me. The, the, my beautiful dark twist fantasy is about me. That's also another misconception. That's about his ex-fiance, So I got booked for a job and then we fell in love and we were together for like two years.


Yeah. And it was a good time and it was a great time in PopCulture. And we really did have a lot of fun for a long time. But yes, he did not meet me in the strip club. So when me and him started to get to know each other, I was like, Hey, I, you know, I just wanna be honest. 'cause I could tell that we had feelings for each other. I am actually a dancer back in the Bronx. I lived in the Bronx at the time. Funny. Me and Cardi worked at the same spot, just different times. 'cause I'm older than her. Oh. And, and he was like, I don't care. I just wanna be with you. I don't even care that you were a dancer. That doesn't even bother me. you know? And he was really great about it. He just really didn't care. 'cause I felt like he just knew my heart.


He, he knew who I was as a person. So, yeah. So go ahead. But that's, that's how it all started. I'm so glad you clarified that. Yeah. And so you, which is really funny because you got branded as a stripper. When he met you, you weren't even stripping. but they, I guess Felt I was stripping, but he didn't know that I was a stripper. He didn't know you were a stripper. So I was a model. But I wasn't a Bella Hadid. I wasn't a famous model. I just happened to be signed to a big agency. But I wasn't getting a lot of work like that. So I still had to dance and money back to my mom in Philly. Mm. you know, my family. So, so that's why I was still dancing in the Bronx. But he didn't meet me there. He met me 'cause I booked his music video. Got it. Okay. Right. So this is literally a case of just, I guess misconceptions in the medias.


I no, just people pulling stories out of their ass and throwing it on the internet and then everyone believes it. I think People can be really don don't know, I guess unforgiving of circumstances they can never imagine themselves to be in. So you kind of hear this when they find out like in someone's history, like, this person sold drugs or, you know, this person was a stripper. Did anything that was to them, obviously we, we look at these things and we're like, this is not a good career to go into. but they don't understand what it means when your back is against the wall and what you would do. And it's unfortunate that the sex industry is fast money for people that need it. For sure. And don't come from these circumstances. It's very unfortunate. And I'm glad you actually brought up Cardi B because so much in the media has made it seem like I am an enemy of Cardi B.


and I feel like I'm actually the only person that ever believed in Cardi B. And who truly believed in her, meaning that she could break out of this stripper stereotype. So I was introduced to her because my cousin like made me watch Love and Hip Hop and she was a star. There's no question about it. I had never watched all the hip hiphop in my life. Her and Raj. I just thought they were both like very entertaining Yes. In this way. And what was so enjoyable about her was she was very self-deprecating. She was just like, I wanna work hard and I'm gonna make it and I believe in myself. but she would kind of, you know, point to the things that weren't right about herself in the same way. and that it was very endearing. And then she kind of makes it, when everyone's telling her she's not going to, and she makes some music and I can't remember what her fir was it Bodak Yellow that went viral?


Yeah, yeah. For the first time. And suddenly she's in Hollywood and she's got tons of followers because people liked her personality. But then I felt like, okay, now she's gonna move on from the stripper stereotype. She doesn't have to be that anymore. Like her, her music is Boppy. The people love her, not because she's a stripper. And actually, what I felt the industry did was they tried to turn her into like the ultimate stripper. They were like, no, you're, you're still, you have to be the stripper. No babe, it's not her fault. They, they don't let you, they don't let you move forward. I think this is why like, I'm 40 now and this is why I don't give a fuck anymore. Like, I don't care. I'm gonna speak at the RNC. I'm gonna speak at my, on my Instagram. I'm gonna say how I feel about things and I'm not gonna hold back anymore.


Because the industry does do that to women, especially women that come from nothing. Like somebody like me and Cardi B, they intimidate you with the fact that you'll eventually be back there with nothing. And that's how it's been for the 15 years that I've been famous. And so it's like, you have to do this, you have to twerk on Instagram, you have to go viral. you know, it, it, the more followers you get, the more endorsement deals you get. Which in turn gives you more money to support your family. Who Specifically is, is with is giving you that directive there. It's everyone. It's everyone out there. Because it became a, a, a culture. So now, and again, I don't know Cardi personally, but I'm just looking from the outside in.


'cause I, I lived it already. I think that her team is probably saying, look at this other female rapper. Look what she's doing. Oh, she just went viral doing that. So now you gotta do something, you know, raise the bar and do something else. And So it becomes an intimidation tactic where you feel anxiety that like it may be over for you in, in a second. And so even when me and Kanye broke up, I'll never forget it. Y I mean obviously so many years ago, but they were like, your 15 minutes is up, it's over for you. It's done. You're never gonna work in Hollywood again. This is like the internet and just people, I couldn't get a, I couldn't get a publicist.


IC nobody wanted to work with me. and I was like, shit, maybe they're right. But I just persevered and I managed myself for a few years and I just, I did it by myself. and that first year, I mean my first million dollars in 2011 by myself. you know? And so, but even then it's like, you, you'll go this way a little bit and you're happy and you're just like finally getting out of this bullshit. And then it's like, Hey, do you want don don't know a million dollars to sign up to OnlyFans? There's a pandemic. Everyone might die. You know you're you, you can't really work and travel anywhere unless you wanna get a vaccine.


So this is what you want. You're like, And you're just thinking in your head like, this money could be gone. Like, what am I gonna do after this? This could be the last check that I Get. Yeah. So it's everywhere. The degeneracy is everywhere. So you're surrounded by that. and I was telling you on the phone how, like, I posted that bikini pic like three weeks ago. I since like archived it on my page, but I dropped a coin, a crypto coin called mva, which is great. Everyone go get the MVA coin. But I still fell into it Candace because I, I am, I was telling my team like guys, they're like, well Iggy Azalea's coin was doing really good. And she has her hands on her ass and she's like spreading her ass cheeks.


And like, you gotta at least do a bikini picture with maybe like the Make America great hat and you wanna make money, you want your coin to go up. Like, you know. And so I'm like, fine, let me go in the backyard by the pool and just do it. So I still battle with those things. Candace I and I. I don't wanna get beat up by the Republicans. I'm already getting beat up enough by the left. You're basically your break. You're in political purgatory. It's the worst. Yeah. For, because when you leave you're like, I've escaped. Then when you arrive you're like, whoa, whoa. Like I don, don don't know. I know I'm not perfect. I'm getting everything wrong. And you're being screamed up by the right. And it's, it sucks. It is. It's sucks. It really sucks because I can just sense I'm a person that goes on vibes. My team is laughing.


'cause I literally like, I just get a vibe and, and yeah. But my vibe's always right. And when I spoke to you, I was like, no, she means what she says and she's going through this metamorphosis and it's painful. Like it is really painful to come out of that cocoon. Especially, I would imagine it's 10 times worse for you. 'cause your cocoon is Hollywood. Yeah. And there's no room, there's no I mean mine was hard enough just being black and being like, Hey, I am like a conservative. Oh, I'm no longer black. No, they will take that away. I'm not, I'm black my whole life. but they, they were instantly like, she's not black And yeah, I'm not black anymore apparently. So. Yeah. So they're, they, they take that away and they denigrate you. But it's gotta be even harder to come outta the Hollywood cocoon because the entire industry is built around really everyone has to have the same perspective.


Everyone has to be the same. Yeah. If, you wanna sign the deals. I mean. I sat down with a talker, super young, gen Z talker, and he spoke about how he was basically told like he wanted to do more serious and talk about real issues, stay out of it. You know, keep doing spun stupid tiktoks. Because If, you start talking and you sound conservative, you're not gonna get the sponsorships, you're not gonna get the deals. It's intimidation. Right. 100%. Which Is crazy. And what's crazy is that it wakes me up at night Candace, because I have tortured myself for 15 years. I've tortured myself with this stuff, you know, and I beg and I've cried and pleaded, please reach for the stars.


Even if go talk to like maybe more conservative brands, see if they'll give me a chance. They wouldn't gimme a chance. you know, because they just didn't know me and I get it. I'm not upset, but they're like, no, this is it. This is, this is, this is what you're, and I, you know, I have a family. And so when I went out on a ledge and I posted the picture with me, Trump and Melania, that was my moment where I was like, I'm done. Like I'm done. How Did it come about? Like in your mind, how, when did you decide, I'm just gonna post this photo Maga goodbye. I am with Donald Trump and Melania. Okay. 'cause that obviously became a moment on the internet.


Yeah. So my ex-husband actually told me to do it. Wiz Wiz did. He told me to do it. Yeah. Although he is not political at all. And he's not voting. He's just not in, doesn't wanna be in that world whatsoever. I, you know, he's really one of my best friends. I love him so much. Still to this day. He's just such a great person. But I went to him and I was just like, I feel like I'm living a lie and I feel and it's so much more than Trump, but just me as a person, I was just like, I'm so unhappy. you know, I, I'm starting to hate everyone. and I was never like that. I was always full of love, you know?


And I just wanna be, me and I don't know how to be me. I don't know. I, I don't give a shit. But I don't know how to just like bungee jump. Like once I bungee jump, I'm good. Like once I do it or like jump out the airplane, I'm done. you know? And, and I can forever do that. and I told him that I wanted to post a picture. He is like Amber Post that. He was like, post that right now You know. I'm like, for real? I should You know. And he is like, he's like, do it. He's like, who cares? He was like, you voting for Trump? Is that what you wanna do? and I was like, yeah, I'm kind of really into it, you know?


And he is like, man, do that shit. And he put a battery in my back and I was like, all right, I am gonna do it. I love that. And out 50,000 comments, I didn't leave one comment under my own page. I just let everybody just argue with each other. Like, just go crazy on each other. 'cause I am, I said what? I said, It is so freeing. I just remember when I had that moment, and it's funny because the world works mysterious ways, but I was listening to Kanye West's song over and over again. The one when he came out with, gosh, I can't even think of the name of the song. He did it 300 Style, where he talks about it's gonna be a beautiful Death. I'm jumping out the window. I can't think of the name of the song.


It's one of his newer songs. No, Power. Power, yes. Oh, power. Yeah. I was listening to Power On Repeat because I knew, 'cause that was kind of when Kanye got canceled and then he came back and yeah, he talked about like really the power that has to come from within and that end like it's gonna be a beautiful death. I'm jumping out the window. That idea came to him from the movie 300, one of the people that was involved and that told me that. And it was all about I mean that whole song. He's like FSNL and the whole cast. Like, he's basically saying like, goodbye to Hollywood, I'm gonna be myself. Right. and I listened to it over and over. 'cause I knew I was just gonna be bullied every day. People were gonna call me an uncle Tom Koon. But I had listened to so much of Kanye's power that I just did not care that I was like blacking out on, on Kanye's music.


Yeah. And you do, you have to, it has to be that battery pack. You have to have either the voice within yourself or behind you to be like, listen, You know what's worse. It is so much worse to live a life and not be yourself. Like that is a kind of a death You know, it Is I mean. I was literally like suicidal two years ago. and that, and I spoke about that on Jason Lee's podcast. I just could not take it anymore. Just living in a lie. and I If, you look at my, my record, I don't really don don't argue with people online. Like I have like two arguments online out of 15 years of people just going in on me, you know?


And so it does take a toll after a while because you just wanna scream from the rooftops. Like, guys, you don't know me at all. You don't know where I come from. But a part of me and I don't know what that is inside of me. That it's just like, well fuck you. I don't, you don't like me. don don't even wanna explain to you why. Like, I don't even wanna tell you like, no, like me, because this is why this is like this. you know what I'm saying? I'd rather just be like, well, just unfollow me then, or talk shit. I don't, I don't even care because people that actually know me love me. Right. And I'm okay with that. Right. And that, and that's where it has to come from. and yeah.


And that's why I, I love that he says it's gonna be a beautiful death. 'cause it is, it's a death of sorts. But it is. But it's, it's very beautiful. And then once you start building, and it's a real foundation because if every day you have to be someone, you're not totally your spirit. It, it's in conflict at all times. Like I I you, you're basically lying all the time. You're someone that you're not. Yeah. And so when you're able to just be yourself and just face the consequences of whatever that means to just literally be yourself, you get to start rebuilding the blocks in your life. And you get to decide like, okay, this is now a real friend because I'm being me and they wanna be my friend. Like, I am not pretending to be something because I want magazine covers. I'm opport pretending to be someone I'm not because I'm trying to make money.


and I think that is, and I know that you're not on your journey. I I think you will get there eventually. But what brought me back to faith is like all of that wisdom is in the Bible. Like when it says like, You know you can't serve You know both money and God. Right? and I think that what's happened a lot in LA is people are serving money because there's, of course there's an anxiety that comes from like, well what am I gonna do if I'm not doing this? And it makes it harder and harder as, as those wheels keep spinning and you're just, the whole industry is around you and everything that you're getting offered is in the industry. You're like, well, it's Also a gamble because it's, I I really took a gamble by posting Trump on my page and endorsing him because everyone, everyone could have been like Matt Walsh, every single person there and or anybody online, you know, that was on that side could have been like Matt Walsh.


And they weren't, they were actually very receptive and loving and made me feel really accepted at the RNC. Most people did. Most people were really, really great to me. And they were really nice and, and I appreciate them very much. But I really did. I took a gamble, you know, by doing that. But that was better than how I was living before. So that's just how I felt. I I mean. I took the risk and I guess it worked, but even if it didn't, it, it still would've been better than before.


All right guys, interrupting you to say, doesn't Amber Rose have really good skin? I always get people asking me the question, CANDACE, what do you use on your skin? And the answer is, I use Nimi. I absolutely love their products for a lot of reasons, First and foremost, it's because they have good values. And like I tell you on the show all the time, you are voting with your wallet. You may not realize it, but you are supporting a brand that aligns with your values, is what you wanna do at all times. If, you can, well Nimi is one such company. They believe in faith, family and freedom, and they stand up for real women. They don't put makeup on men and their products are all made here in the USA, but it's better than that. I added them to my three step anti-aging routine, which includes my cleanser and both day and night creams for the perfect simple daily regimen to keep my skin looking young and youthful. Throughout these stressful times, Nimi offers cleansers, toners, moisturizers, serums and much more. Nimi also has a clean line which offers high-end clean skincare products that are free from fragrance and other chemicals that may disrupt your skin's natural microbiome. And they have a special offer for my listeners. You sign up for a subscription, you'll save 15% off on your routine and save an additional 5% using code Candace at checkout. You'll also receive a free gift on every third order. Mimi's subscription service are a great way to save big and ensure that you always have the products that you need. If, you build a custom bundle, you'll save up to 20% off your routine. Don't forget to still use Code Candace for additional 5% off at checkout. So do it guys. Visit nimi skincare.com, that's NIMI skincare.com to elevate your routine with America's skincare company. Or you can click the link, the description below to save big on your order using code Candace today. Don't wait.


So I'm a big believer that like what we're fighting today is like actual demons. I think there are tons of things that contribute to demons and it puts your soul at conflict. And So I did a show last week where I was talking about how many people in the industry rappers have spoken out and said that they feel like they sold their soul to the devil. Like specifically that language or that they were wrestling with demons because of what they were putting out all the time. Yeah. and I wanted to, because we talked about Cardi B and she sometimes has this break online and she's crying and I, I, I can't explain to you like my heart, I just wanna hug her when I hear it. Yeah. But there's this tape that's out there of her having one of these moments again where she's talking about demons and I want you to hear it.


That is kinda why I didn't want her to do this song, shake It or like any drill songs because it is like, these songs are activating like these demons that I killed You. know what I'm saying? Like, I don't wanna be that girl anymore. Like, like I just, I just wanna be a mother. you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't wanna be that old Cardi anymore. I'm not kidding when I say that. Like, it makes me wanna cry hearing her say that. That's literally exactly how I feel. and I didn't even hear that Candace when we first started this interview.


and I can look at Cardi and she reminds me of myself. I know, I can watch what she posts. I I've seen other things that she said and I'm like, that's me all day every day. She's done Ellen, she's done all these like late night talk shells and I've seen them and they're like, so you were a stripper? She's like, I'm an international superstar. You know. And like that's the first thing they go to. They do the same exact thing to me. And, and I can tell in her voice, I've been there, yo, I promise you I've, I've been there so many times and once I set myself free and, and now I'm just able to just be who I wanna be, whatever that is, even moving forward, she'll, she'll eventually get there, but she needs to get, she needs to clean house with her entire team.


Fire all those motherfucker, get brand new people in period. People that are not gonna intimidate her, that it's going to be over for her if she doesn't clap her ass on Instagram. I've been there, they've done that to me for years. Like Cardi If, you are listening. Like you are special and you're, you don't have to do this If, you wanna be a mom, you can still be a mom and you can still be a rapper. You don't have to be a porn rapper. You don't like, and I hear the stuff that she says it and I had a slut walk. I get it. I lived it. We we've done the same thing. you know, I think like I, yeah, I want her to know that. Like she, and that's how I felt when I was so protective of you.


Like when I saw TMZ harassing you, like to every person you have a right to evolve. Absolutely. And the second someone tries to pigeonhole you and say you're not allowed to evolve. Yeah. That person is literally trying to corrupt your spirit. You, you're not, they don't want your spirit to flourish and they want you to only see yourself one way. Right. And so when I saw that video of her crying and there's other videos of her crying and that is because she has children now and she's, she's on a different stage in her life. Right. She was talented, not because she was a stripper, she was a star, not because she was a stripper. When I was watching her on Love and Hip hop, I didn't care about the fact that she was a stripper.


She was a star because she's a star. Yeah. and I feel no one in her circle is telling her that like, you do not have to do this at all because you will still have fans because you're talented. Yeah. They're probably not Candace. They're, they've never told me, they never told me that there was another way out. Just, you know what the other way out is just be yourself. It's really, it's the easiest thing you can do is really just be yourself. 'cause right now in Hollywood, we're all being someone else. We are our personas. And it's crazy 'cause when people actually get to know me as a person, they're like, wow, you are really nerdy. You're nothing, you're not hypersexual at all.


And I'm very like traditional in a lot of ways, you know? But life has dealt a shit hand sometimes, you know? And, and that's just how it is. But yeah, if you're, if you're just gonna be yourself, it's just the best way to go. Whatever that is. I wanna talk to you about your OnlyFans account because there was so much misinformation on the web about this. Yeah. When everyone, after you got kicked in the head by the left, then the right came in and said, no, we're gonna kick you too. Yeah. And look, we found her and she's on OnlyFans and she's literally just doing this because she wants a bunch of people to sign up to her OnlyFans. Right. and I was like, Hmm, I feel like there's more to this story. 'cause the girl that I just spoke to on the phone was very genuine.


Right. So can you explain to everybody why there was an OnlyFans account? Because of course the people that were coming at you Now Yeah. Actually had not paid to see whether or not you were posting sex content or what was happening. Yeah. Oh, So, I never posted sex content. I've never done porn in my life at all. I've never been a prostitute in my life. I just posted like really like sexy pictures and stuff. But funny enough, I, I get on Twitter, I'm not on Twitter as much as I am on Instagram, which is why I have more followers on Instagram. But I go on Twitter and I'm just like, You know the RNC just happened. And I'm like, let me see if anyone's arguing on Twitter.


and I saw that. People were like, oh, she has the OnlyFans and she's available right now to talk. And I'm like, no, I don't. I haven't been on OnlyFans in two years. And So I called my assistant Joe. And I'm like, Joe, why does my OnlyFans say that it's available now that was supposed to be deleted a long time ago. I haven't given any content or anything like that. And he is like, don don't know. Let's, I call my business manager. And she is like, well, you know, we had this company that was doing all the dms for you and when you said you didn't wanna do OnlyFans anymore, they were still doing the dms and you were probably, I don't wanna see how much I was making a month, but she was like, you were still kind of making good money every month and you weren't doing anything.


And So I was like, you cannot do this to me. If I told you that I was done, it should have been deleted two years ago. I'm not an avid online OnlyFans person. I'm not going on OnlyFans to see if my account is up there. And what's crazy was actually in my bio and I have several links in my bio, but you have to click a certain link to go to the OnlyFans link and I'm my own person. So I. Don't click my own bio. you know? And it, it made me very upset, but I also didn't fire her because I was like, I know. She was just trying to, I have a lot of different streams of revenue that, that go into my accounts and stuff like that.


And I know she was trying to look out, but I'm like, don't ever do that to me again. When I say it's over, it's over. So you hadn't posted any new content for over a year, two years Almost? I feel like Yeah, it's, it's definitely been over a year for sure. Sure. Were residual residuals coming in via the DM or whatever. And so they had the service and they were like, look, the money's coming in. Like what's the point of deleting this bank account essentially? Exactly. Okay. That makes, that makes sense. Because I was realizing, I was like, has anybody actually signed up to see if she's posting content or if she just has an old OnlyFans account? There's no way. No, I have not did content for OnlyFans in such a long time. Right. So, I was just as shocked as everyone else on Twitter when it was like a available now on OnlyFans.


And I'm like, and they put a sale up. I mean it's embarrassing. You do really hear a lot of this in the industry, the more that I speak to people. And it's funny 'cause I keep going back to Kanye, but you know, he said so much to me that I couldn't even comprehend a couple of years ago about what's going on in Hollywood. and I think that he senses the demon and I think he really wanted out. Like, I think when everyone was like, what's he doing? He is blowing up his life. I was like, no, I think he literally wants to blow up his life. He, he doesn't want a pathway back to Hollywood because he has seen it up close and he thinks that a lot of elements of it are demonic. Yeah. And the more that you speak to people in the industry, like hearing you say that there's this pressure like If, you want a book, you gotta, this is what you have to do.


Here's what you have to do. It does make you wonder why it gotta be like this, you know what I mean? you know, many, It doesn't have to be like this, you know how time I've been offered a tell-all book about Kanye and my relationships, or my ex-husband and I. I refuse to do it Candace. I will never ever, ever sell out like that. And I've been offered a lot, you know, and I, I've, I've, I've taken punches because I choose to do other things instead of doing something like that. 'cause I feel like if, even if I didn't work, we didn't work out in a relationship, it doesn't mean that I didn't love you while we were together. So I wouldn't do that.


But that's how Hollywood is. It's like, oh, you're not with so-and-so anymore you wanna write a book, you know? and I was like, bro, I'll never go out like that. Hell no. No matter what, I won't do that. But that's, that's how it is. That's how it is in Hollywood for sure. Yeah. And They're, they're constantly, especially amongst women, it's, it's all about sex. And I'm a person. I think that the contributions that the Kardashian family has made for women have been, I'm not placing it squarely on them, but I just vividly recall a shift in culture, you know, after the Kardashian show where I think women, I don't know, just kind of saw sex on display all the time.


It was like the number one show for a very long time. And, and people began to aspire, like to glorify it in a way. and that might also just be the timing of the explosion also of social media. And they kind of like, like I would say Kim kind of became like the queen of Instagram in many ways and people wanted to start embodying that and holding that up as like a form of idolatry. Like, this is what we should be like, women should be sexy all the time. And at the same time you had other movements that were taking place in, in different ways, like this modern feminism that I hate so much. Yeah. Because I think that it, it operates or it tries to sell itself as freedom. Right? Right. We're doing this because we're free, but in reality women are enslaved by it because it then becomes the only contribution that you have.


Like If, you wanna be heard, you need to take your clothes off. Like If, you want people to listen to you, you need to take your clothes off. And I'm like, that is bondage. that is not, that's not actually freedom. Yeah, No, I agree. Which is crazy because I think that people just thought I was just dumb or just like a, a dumb stripper and they didn't know that I was gonna be, as we, well-spoken as I was at the RNC and you know, you're right. It's just like that. And it's unfortunate and it's something that a lot of women in the industry are, are still living with So I hope that they, I don't know, maybe see our interview together and they just say, you know what, let me just be myself, whatever that is, instead of falling into Hollywood,


Interrupting this conversation to tell you guys about Seven Weeks Coffee, if you're wondering why the name is seven Weeks, it's because it is America's pro-life coffee company. They're on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time, and at seven Weeks development. A baby is a size of a coffee bean and it's the first time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support ultrasound services at pregnancy care centers across the country. Seven Weeks Coffee is launching an exciting new initiative called to drink more Coffee, save more lives 'cause they are so close to saving 5,000 lives. So If, you make the commitment right now to drink Seven Weeks Coffee. Every morning you'll be a part of funding the pro-life movement, plus helping to save over 5,000 lives. And counting the coffee is mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acidic, and organically farmed. What more do you want? They also support our farmers by cutting out the middlemen, which means they have an opportunity to pay farmers directly, giving them almost 300% more than fair trade requires. So use Code Candace and you'll save an additional 10% giving you a total of 25% savings on your first order. Just go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace to save 25% Seven Weeks Coffee dot com.


If, you could give advice to those young women, like these women who I say are like on the whatever podcast and I hear them and they're pretending they love what they do. and I'm like, you don't love what you do. You do not love. Like I said, I crossed from one woman who said that she can sleep with, you know, 12 men in one night and how much money she makes, how much money she makes. and I looked at her and I just thought I said I was gonna pray for her. Like literally, I'm going to pray for you 'cause I know that what you are saying is not true, but you need to say it so that you have so you can keep doing it. You know. Well, yeah, it's, it's, she's saying it because the men that pay her wanna hear that she has to still stay within the fantasy. you know what I mean? And so like, let's say If, you have an OnlyFans and stuff and you get on the whatever podcast and you're like, actually I'm a good girl.


I've never done porn in my life. I'm really smart. And like I I just kind of just talk shit to these guys to make money, but I never do anything. The the guys are gonna be like, I'm never paying this girl any money ever again. So you have to go on those podcasts essentially and say, yeah, I You know I had sex with 12 guys and like, you know, maybe the guys are like cucks that, that give them money, you know, and they like to hear things like that and they're like, oh, you said what I wanted you to say on the whatever podcast. Now I'm gonna send you $1,500. That's how those things work. I will tell you, doing slut walk and talking to a lot of women and sex workers, 99% of sex workers do not wanna be sex workers.


And that's porn, prostitution, stripping, OnlyFans, all of the above. They don't wanna do it. And I'll leave the 1% for girls that wanna argue with me online about how much they love porn or whatever. I've talked to thousands of girls throughout the years, nobody wants to do that. But the the problem is, is that, like we were saying upstairs, the feminism turned women masculine, men beta. And now what happened is, is that these girls have masculine energy and the, the guys are still beta. They, they, the guys also tell the girls, no one's ever gonna marry you.


You're damaged goods. There's no redemption. you know, you're never gonna figure this out. You might as well just give up on life. And so that doesn't actually help the girls either say, they're just like, well I might as well just stay in it. No one's ever gonna love me anyway. And so it's a vicious cycle and that's why, you know, people getting married, like marriage rates are down and divorce is up and we just can't get along with each other. Right. I totally agree. Yeah, you and I have tons of disagreements. Like I said, you're in your early phase and yeah, but I was there, I, I was vividly recalling across from Dave Rubin and I hadn't had it all figured out and I just knew I disagreed with that one thing.


and I now am probably considered far right. I guess I mean I as right as I could possibly be on a lot of the issues because it was like, it was like peeling back an onion. I was like, this isn't true. And then I was like, oh wait, this isn't true and this is how feminism plays into this and plays into this and this is how this plays into this. And then finally I just was like, I am a Christian that's like Bible based and because the Bible always had the answers I was looking for, but I wanna talk about some of the things that we disagree with because I want people to know that this isn't an act. Like this is not an act. You've said what you believe. Yeah. And you don't like, it's not like you're checking boxes and just saying stuff. Right. That you would expect a Christian, conservative Republican to say, yeah, we disagree on trans stuff.


I think, do we don Don't know. I think we do. Okay. Yeah. Where, where are you at on like the trans, I call it the trans agenda, the explosion of transgenderism I guess we could say. Yeah, so I grew up in the ballroom scene. don don't know if you know what that is in the gay trans world. I have no idea what that is. Okay. So it's like, it's mostly a lot of people at the time that their families didn't really necessarily accept them. And so they created families within that community and they named those families different things and they were called houses. Right. And So, I was in a house when I was younger. My best friend was like a gay boy. He was like 13 or whatever. and I was surrounded by actual trans people.


Now back in that day, which is the nineties, two thousands, let's say a trans girl would get an attitude with me, the other trans girls that were my friends would be like, bitch, you're a man. Don't do that to Amber. Like you're a man, I'm a man. Me, you could fight but you're not gonna touch her. So those are the trans women that I'm used to being around that I grew up with. Right. And it was kind of shady to call like a trans girl man. but they would do that. So here's the thing, am I for a gender affirming care for children? Absolutely not. I think we share that same sentiment. Am I for a gender affirming care for consenting adults?


Absolutely. Now do I think that a lot of people on TikTok and Instagram are actual trans people? A lot of them are not. They're cosplaying and they wanna be a part of a community. They want attention. Are trans people real? Yes, they're very much real. and I think that those other people give the trans community a bad name because they really just, and I I know, I'm sure Candace that you've been in the bathroom with trans people probably plenty of times just didn't even know because they just went to use the bathroom and no one cared and they washed their hands and they left.


The problem is, is that there's literally grown biological men with mustaches and beards with, you know, shaving in the women's locker room, not even remotely close to transitioning into a, a trans woman. And they make women feel uncomfortable in women's spaces. I'm not for that at all, you know, but I think like someone like Danielle for an example that is very far in her transition and she has a full sex change. By the way. I think she understands that she is a biological male. But for me, I, I would call her she, her, I, I would just do that because she looks like a girl and she's so far into her transition with the breast and the softness and the face that I, I wouldn't be dis disrespectful, although I think she does understand that she is a biological male.


So that's where I'm at with, and I'm also, and I'm also for gay marriage. I think the more love that we have, especially in America 'cause it's really the happy, the happier we would all be. So I think that, and a lot of white gay male couples adopt a lot of young black children that are, that grow up in foster care because they always see like the black boys are last to be picked. I'm a mother of two black boys and my father was also in foster care for most of his life. and I think that, I think that, you know, it gives these kids an opportunity to go to a good school and have a good life.


Even if it is two dads. Yeah. So I think and I disagree with a lot of that. Almost all of it. I'm I'm sure almost all of it actually. and I think sometimes a mischaracterization is that conservatives don't view people who are trans as people. They're people. They're absolutely people. I just, in the same way that I would not, if someone who was schizophrenic told me they were Superman, I wouldn't play the role with them. You know because I, because they're not children. I agree with you with that. Yeah. They're, I you're not a child, you're an adult. So if I'm gonna play fantasy, yeah. I'm gonna play fantasy with my children who are toddlers, but I I'm not gonna do it with an adult because, and I think that's part of the issue is that it's now become so commonplace and you're, they're basically saying I'm the same as you and you have to pretend I'm the same as you and I.


I agree with you. I'm like, actually you're not the same as me. No they're not. and I don't want you to Yeah. Suffer. 'cause I think you're already suffering. I actually believe, especially for a lot of these people and I've sat across from multiple people that are suffering with transgenderism and one person, especially if they're very young and they go through these procedures too young, had their entire life ruined. And he looked across from me, Brianna Ivy and said, I just wish somebody had said to me like, you're not this, instead of being ha having Hollywood glamorize this and put Caitlyn Jenner on the exact same thing you're talking about, they make it look, it's gonna be so amazing. You're gonna be so happy and in reality you can get on this path. And there's, you can't go backwards once you get to a certain point. Yeah. And he had the bottom surgery and he was like, I don't know, I found a doctor on TikTok.


Well they fast track these young kids, they fast track them, they cut their breast off. They give them this, the gender assignment surgery. I actually agree with you Candace when it comes to that. Trans women are not women. They're not real women, but they are trans women and I'm, I'm okay with that term, but they are not or ever gonna be biological women. So Yeah. And I think when it comes to gay marriage and it's, that again gets into my perception, which is so much further, like eight years along of looking into everything. I just know that the nuclear family is what has always been under attack and they just keep trying to stop a man and a woman coming together, getting married and having kids like that.


If, you look at every single one of these, what I would describe as leftist positions, it's always an attack on the family. Even climate change, like how do we get there? They're telling kids not to get married or have kids. 'cause the planet's gonna be over in 10 years. When you think about transgenderism, they're editing their parts in a way they will never be able to have productive families. Gay marriage is obviously not a nuclear family. You cannot have children the natural way. Feminism is poisoning women's perspectives on Men. But there's a lot of children that need homes For sure. But there are a lot of nuclear family, mother and fathers who would adopt them and So I. but they, if they're not, and I believe kids need, as we were talking about, they're best advantaged when they have a two parent home. A mom and a dad. and I agree with you.


I agree with that. That being wardens of the state, you know, you don't, you don't want kids to be warden of the state. I I grew up with a mother who spent time in a group home. I get that too. But I just think that there's this like person, this purposeful attack on just that normal family structure because when you have that normal family structure, you have virtually every advantage in life. Yeah. I think that's an ideal situation. Right. That would definitely be the ideal situation. But gay people can definitely go and help out in the foster system and adopt children and give them a better life as well. So I agree with you that that may be a more ideal situation. But I still think that two gay men can give a, a kid a a great home and a great education.


I remember listening to this podcast, by the way, with you and Emily Rogowski and she was saying, and I was just like, why are we doing this? She was talking about her son, daughter. I don't remember don don't remember which one she had I know, I think a son, maybe a Son, not mistaken and I think she was saying that she intentionally buys him like girl toys because she wants him to not think of things in terms of gender. And that is so Hollywood to me. Like I am like, okay, if a guy wants to go be a guy, that's what I mean about intentionally perverting stuff. 'cause I'm just like, what is the problem? Like my boy is so different from my girl. You have, do you have both sexes? Boy and a girl? I have two boys. Two boys. Okay. Yeah. So you know how they are. They are like, Well see, well So I, I would never buy my boys' girl toys.


But if they were around the little girl and her toy happens to be there and my two three-year-old or four year-old would pick it up and play with it. I wouldn't say that's for girls. Yeah. I would Just let them just play. It's a toy and they're young. But I was, I was so disturbed by that. I was just going, why is she trying to force him to be confused? Because she said something like, oh, he instantly gravitates towards the boy toys. And I'm like, no, play with the doll. I'm, I'm totally, no, She didn't say that. She did say this to you. What did I say? You just said something like, yeah, I get, I don't remember what you said. You just were kind of like nicely agreeing. But I'm going, why, why are we doing this? Why do we have to corrupt? Everything's natural. Everything's normal. And actually she's admitting that there's a difference here. Like because there is such difference.


The are wild. Yeah, no you didn't, you weren't saying that you did it too, but she was just kind of remarking in how she's trying to tell him to play with pink stuff and I was going, what is wrong with Hollywood? Like, why can't they, why is there almost like a, I feel like there's a hatred for normal. Like there's just a hatred for it and yeah. and I think it's part of the, the school and the education system sort of teaching us that there is something wrong with normal. And that's what I was saying to you about when you grow up, you have this perception of like the south as being backwards and racist. Yeah. and that people that love the Bible and like go to church and like what we should all aspire to be is like New York and LA and they're shipping their lattes and they're progressive. But I've now gotten to a point where I've realized that it's actually the opposite.


And the people in the south that are being lied about and this, the people that you met and that you're talking about at the RNC where you're hearing their stories, they're like the salt of the earth. Like they are, They were great. Amazing. I'm not gonna lie, I'm not gonna lie. They were really, really great people and super nice and I. I didn't, growing up in Philly, I grew up in a predominantly black city, you know, in a black neighborhood and So I, I've never really seen white people like that. That type of white people. you know, Amber Rose has never seen white people say until the Rt I know what you're saying? My dad is white, but he's, you know, and and that's the thing too. East coast white people are very different than down south white people, you know?


'cause they're more like darker white like Italians, Greeks and stuff up on the East coast and stuff like that. It's a different type of white Candace, I know You know what I'm saying? I know exactly what you're saying. Okay. Okay, cool. So like these guys were like super white, like blonde hair, blue-eyed, like white, white people. I'm totally cutting that part. The internet, like white, white people You know what I mean. I totally what You mean. I I'm not saying it like that, but I will say that again. We all have the same problems. We all have family members on drugs. We all have problems within our families and turmoil and stories to tell, you know, and so we're all kind of in the same boat as far as that goes.


Yeah, Yeah. You're, you're I know exactly what you mean. And it is surprising. and I just wanna say this because I know that so many Christians already reached out to you and have said this and that they're praying for you. Me and my husband are literally praying for you because I, I just have a feeling it's a vibe. My team again will make fun of me. So, I'm a vibe girl, Okay. Vibe Girl. But I just think that God, even though you're saying you're an atheist, there's no such thing as an atheist. There are different churches and there, and at some point I think your faith was in Hollywood and that it, it just converted away from God to something else and it becomes feminism, it becomes clima, whatever it is. I think that this moment, because I've been feeling the Holy Spirit moving Russell brand being drawn like this is a guy who was in Hollywood who is now praying the rosary every day.


and I spoke to him and he just said he just felt something moving. And he realized, and he's so well positioned to speak about it because he came from Hollywood and he was an addict and they loved him when he was an addict. And then he cleaned up his life. Oh yeah. He was fighting. Yeah. And then he cleaned up his life, got married, had kids, and started speaking about Jesus Christ. And they're like, get the heck outta here, we will ruin you. Right. and I just feel it for you. Like I think that everything you went through, God wanted you to go through that. He wanted you to, to believe that he wasn't there. Like, you know, like he wanted you to question whether or not any of it's real. And now it's because you're going to be such a voice for all of the young women that are watching this who are on OnlyFans, who are giving themselves, who are crying at night, who are drinking to be able to go through with prosing their bodies.


Like a lot of these OnlyFans girls that I, who also moonlight and they prostitute and they feel that they can never be anything else. and I think you are set up to be something else so that they know that it's possible. I genuinely believe that. Yeah. I, I wanna figure out something for these girls. Some type of nonprofit, something to help something. I wanna figure it out. I'll, I have to figure it out. Maybe I could work with something that's already available. So, I don't have to start anything by myself again, but it has to be done in a certain way. So we'll, we'll we'll see


Interrupting again because I know that so many of you guys work so hard to support yourself and your families, but it seems as though you're taking a step back every month instead of moving forward. When the bills are higher than ever. You feel like what you bring in every month, you already have to swipe that away. And the credit card barely covers the difference. Debt just seems to keep adding up. But If, you own a home, my friends at American Financing can help. American Financing is saving people just like you an average of $854 a month. Think about what you could do with an extra $800 every month, not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments. And even better, it will cost you absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. All it takes is a quick call to American, Financing and If. You start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. Number is 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or of course you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens.


I also think you should have a podcast to talk to these people. And like I said, I'm, I feel like I'm gonna see you in four years and you're gonna be like, I'm a Christian. Read my Bible. You're saying no, but I'm telling you, when the Holy Spirit, he's the holy Spirit's already moving within you just don't see it. And if someone had said to me when I had first, I, I was always, I was like, yeah, I'm a Christian. But it's different now. Like I'm on, I'm like on fire for the Lord. I really am. and I, I, you know what? I'll say this. I wish that, I wish I was, I'll say that I wish that I was, I miss the feeling of the comfort I had from God, but I don't believe in God. I just don't. and I don't know if I can go back to that because on my journey to atheism, a lot of times, mostly just my mom saying, just scaring the living outta me when it comes to God and demons and being a kid and saying, we got generational demons on our back, this whole family, we got generational demons.


And I'm like, dude, don don't want a demon on my back. don don't want a demon around me. Like don don't have demons. You can have demons. My aunt can have demons, my uncle can have demons. I don't have demons. and that for me was far too much as a child, which in turn made an atheist. It's just too much for me. CANDACE, I'm telling you I am. These are gonna be your famous last words because I'm telling you, when you, when you go different path, It's all too much for Me. It all starts with realizing one lie and then you realize that there's only one author of lies and that's Satan and there's only one author of truth. and that's, See I don't believe Satan is real. don don't believe Satan is a thing. Well you just, you were up close and personal with him in Hollywood like that. Like what you're hearing when, when you hear Cardi talking, talking about people and I said good goodbye to these demons.


Like she just is not realizing that's real demons. Like they're I Mean. I resonate with that figuratively, But it's not figurative. She's wrestling with real demons. Right. And and they want you to think it's figurative and I don't even have to argue with this. 'cause I know, I just know how the Holy Spirit moves. Like I'm just like, I mean I Candace Just when there was something about it Prayed and prayed and prayed and prayed and prayed and my prayers were not answered. You don't think when I was a Christian, you Don't think your prayers were answered? Somebody said to me, God never doesn't answer your prayer. He either says, not right now, or I have something better in store for you. Maybe. Maybe God answered my prayers by all this. That's what I'm saying.


Sure. I'm telling you I think okay. Can He is like not right now. And I'm sorry to have to turn into a pastor right now, but I just So Lemme ask you a question. If I was Hindu or Muslim, you would still say the same thing. I'm Christian, I want everybody to believe in Christ. Okay? Yeah. Christ is the Lord. Christ is the savior. And you, like I said, I remember feeling like that and when I was like, well God was real, he wouldn't allow this to happen to me. You wouldn't allow this to happen me. And then when I opened myself up and realized, I'm like, oh, he put me in that scenario because he knew that I would be able to speak on this. He wanted me to go through this negative and this negative because he knew that this was the ultimate equation and he's the great mathematician. And he was like, you need a plus here and minus here and minus here and minus here.


And so when you're hitting and you're seeing all these negatives in your life, you're just like, well God can't be real because why would he do that? And then when you let go and let die, I wish I had what you had. No, but I I didn't have it like that. That's what I'm telling you. But I mean I'm saying now I wish, I wish that I had that because I feel like for me it's too late. No. Oh gosh. I do. I feel like it's too late. It is not too late. and that's why you are at the beginning of a new part of your life right now. and I am req it is required that five years from the day you come back on this podcast, okay, five years to the day, I'm gonna bring you back and I'm gonna be running the old Amber Rose clips and it's gonna be like, don don't believe that. don don't believe that we're gonna be like, oh, I'm telling you, I'm telling you.


I have a feeling. I just feel I'm working all over. Okay. If I, if I were to ever believe in God, I don't, I don't think it would be the Christian God. Well, God believes in you. There's only One God. It would be maybe like a alien simulation God or something like that. Something Like God, Something like, you know, aliens from another planet. You've just been up in Silicon Valley, you've been up in Silicon Valley too much listening to Elon Musk and AI podcast. Too Much. Yeah. I I I bro I'm gonna get you realistic outta Holly. I'm gonna get you outta California in the south, get you outta that. I'm gonna come and visit more often. I'm gonna, I'm gonna see what this place is about and you know, And everyone is watching this, the Christians are gonna be praying for you.


So it's a wrap. Thank you Christians. Yeah. Like when, when I get you baptized and confirmed from the Catholic, oh my goodness girl, I'm scared. My Catholic's, that Catholic gang gang. I'm scared. I'm scared Of that. But Amber, I I have to get uncared. Yeah. There's, There's nothing of religion. It scares the living that's just childhood Dealing with some and trauma from your childhood. And that's not, religion is not supposed to be scary in that way. Like it's Not Well I told you praying used to give me a lot of comfort. That's why I let my children do it. But over time I'm terrified of the, when I see the Bible it scares me. It really does. It's the Moment Missile. Yeah. Yeah. I I and maybe it is trauma that I have to work through but I'm not ready yet.


Well, well you don't have to be ready yet. and I, that's what I want you to give the permission is like take it one day at a time. Yeah. And don't let anybody make you feel pressured to know the right thing. To say the right thing and know that you are gonna say the wrong thing. and I think people are scared of that. Like, if I'm not perfect immediately even me becoming Catholic, I had such, I still have anxiety. I, 'cause I'm so afraid I understand like there are cameras everywhere and now if I mess up it's gonna be a headline. Yeah. and I had to deal with that and go, listen, I'm not gonna get it perfect. and I pray for Grace. I ask people publicly for Grace and I'm asking people that are listening to this to just give her some grace. you know, give her some space. It took a lot for her to say even one true thing.


and I hope you guys watching this, that you've heard her heart and the way that I heard it on the phone and realize this is a real person and she does not have it all figured out right now. And she may never have it all figured out because I don't have it all figured out right now. But it's all about whether or not you are willing and brave enough to change your mind and evolve when you realize that you've gotten something wrong. For sure. So Amber, we are all praying for you and I'll see you back here. Thank you CANDACE In exactly five years to the day So, I can say thank you Shall Haha told you. So Thanks for having me. I really appreciate it. This was fun.