
All Right guys coming at you live once again. So guess what happened? It happened again. Cardi B the rapper has come for me this time regarding my statements pertaining to Sonya Massey. My perfectly acceptable statements pertaining to Sonya Massey So I should say that she came for me over statements that she thought that I made, or a guess statements that she misunderstood that I made. The point is, is that she went live on X Spaces audio and she was extremely upset with me and I want you guys to take a brief, listen to some of her thoughts. Candace Owens because she made like such a, it's like, girl, why you always up girl? Yeah. I'm gonna give you guys my response to that very shortly.


Plus we've got JD Vance, he's in the hot seat for suggesting that we should not have a government that is run by childless cat. Ladies, spoiler alert. I agree. And Elon Musk is under fire for suggesting that anyone who boycotts bibi net and Yahoo is anti-Semitic spoiler alerts. I disagree. and yeah, that means Elon Moss is about to make me defend a OC So. I'm deeply upset with him today, but that's what we have coming up on Candace.


Okay, so let me jog your memory very briefly. I'm sure you guys have been paying attention since all the politicians are now speaking about Sonya Massey. So she was a black woman who was shot and killed in her home in Springfield, Illinois after she phoned nine one one and signaled that there was potentially a prowler at her house. So I will basically, we're not gonna show you the clip again, but you can tell when you're watching a clip that she's out of it. The best way that I would describe it is that she looks to me like she's having an adverse reaction to medicine. You sort of hear these stories of people when they're on Ambien and they do sort of weird things. And that's kind of the best way that I could illustrate what I was watching in this clip. and I said in response to it that I did not deem the shooting to be justified whatsoever.


I also said that the police officer would likely get into trouble since he signaled that he was gonna shoot her in the head. and I then concluded that it is suspicious that these stories and these videos seem to conveniently be dropped to Black America every election cycle. Like we went from George Floyd and right when it's election cycle, suddenly they start looking. It's like they just send out an email like If, you got any videos that could upset black America that would allow us to sort of bang on this race narrative? Please send them. And immediately I point to the fact that Joe Biden was tweeting about this. Like where was he the last four years in office? Did no other black people or white people die at the hands of a police officer? No, of course not. but they liked the illusion of peace while they're in office.


And then when they want a radical sea change, or if they wanna stop somebody else from winning, they like to again drum up the race narrative. Totally sensible comments. I did not say anything that could have been deemed controversial, but Cardi B found it to be controversial or she thinks that she found it to be controversial because I think that she receives a lot of her information on the internet. So she may have saw a portion of my remarks taken out of context because that's what happens. You gotta let the internet, internet. And she was upset. She was very upset. So let's take a listen right now to what Cardi B thinks she disagrees with. Take a listen. So the other person that I'm gonna call out is, can, can, I can't even me saying her name Candace Owens because she made like such a, it's like, girl, why you always up girl?


Like seriously, why you always, why? Why You always up You know, I've been seeing clips of different things that she have said about different topics and some of the things I'd be like, okay, you know, I would never give you a 10 'cause don don't like you. I'm never gonna give you a 10 because I don't like you. I give you an eight or seven to certain things that she have said, you know, in the past year or something, she had been saying a lot of things that is like, it kind of makes sense, kind of don't kind of make sense, kind of don't, but yeah. But today she says something so disturbing about the, sorry I'm choking a little bit. It's okay. She says something so disturbing, disturbing about the Sonia Macy case and it's just like, yo, why?


You always gotta fuck it up? Why you always gotta fuck it up? Like why you always gotta take it there. Like it's, it's like, it's like you always gotta take it there and it's like, why you, why you gotta take it there? Like for you to sit here and say that, it's like, oh, we cannot blame everything on, on racial on not everything is, is is racial I know that this is sad, but this is not. But this is not something racial. There's more white people that killed by the cops and and it's like, girl, shut up. You don't feel one, one little bit of empathy, one little bit of sympathy of how this woman died. There was no argument, there was no conflict, there was no raise of voice and she got shot.


So that's a good place to stop before I let her keep speaking because again, what tends to happen in these circumstances is black America is routinely taught to just be upset and to be angry and to do exactly what Cardi B is doing. And this is why I always use her as an example. 'cause she has a massive platform and she's saying things, she has no idea what she's talking about. She obviously did not listen to my full show. She did not listen to the full context. And yet she's leading people to believe that I've somehow justified the shooting of Sonya Massey, right? Because If, you just listened to what she said. You would go, oh my gosh, CandaceOwens effing ish up again. Candace must have gone on her show and been like, listen guys, this is not about race. This is totally fine. And just showed no empathy toward the situation.


And that is why people would deem her to be a useful idiot. that is why I say that they like to platform people that they suspect don't have enough education to research things on their own and will therefore just believe a headline or believe a short clip. And again, will not do any deeper research to see what exactly it is that that person said in their full context. So I'm just gonna give Cardi BA portion of what I said that she definitively did not see. Because I saw the same clip which was edited intentionally or, or I should say misedit. It intentionally clipped intentionally in a way that tried to make it seem as though I was just out there defending what had happened to Sonya Massey. Here are my actual remarks, which oddly sounds suspiciously a lot like what Cardi B was just saying there at the end.


Take a listen. Now, when this first was spoken about, we were told that don don't know there was some sort of a threat with the boiling water. Sure, yes, she's acting erratically and there is a situation in which she could have thrown the boiling water at the police officers, but they were nowhere near her. And then they shoot her, which to me, given the context of the fact that you knew that this woman was not mentally there, and even if she did throw boiling water at you, I don't see how saying, she said, I will rebuke you. I think she said in the name of the Lord. And then he says, no, you will not, because I will shoot you I mean that is like very extreme, very aggressive.


And he then proceeds to, she says, I will shoot you in the face. I mean that's just like, what are you even talking about? Oh, oh, over a woman with boiling water. In my opinion, he should have simply used his taser if he felt threatened by the steaming water or if he felt that he absolutely had to use his gun, why didn't he shoot her in the foot or, or, or somewhere lower. This just did not seem like an appropriate response to me whatsoever. And parking that aside, of course, as I have said since the beginning of time, we can get out of this. So you can very, very much see what I said there. And it certainly does not sound like I was trying to justify what happened, but what she's taking issue with, and the reason why they clipped me out was that I again made it obvious to black America because a lot of black Americans now watch this podcast and they're starting to see me in my full context, that you can start to just notice this sort of behavior.


You'll start to see these trends ahead of an election season. There's going to be a story in which what they want black people to do is to respond radically irrationally, to be angry, to turn against each other, to burn down your own neighborhoods. and I said, don't let that be the circumstance. Do not allow people who have big platforms to convince you that this needs to be your issue, that you need to go out and scream about instead, you know, vote according to things that are going to actually matter. That's, that's essentially what I said to Black America. And Cardi B then decides to be an example of exactly what I was warning against to take a listen. And then it's like, okay, he didn't say nothing racial, right? He didn't say nothing like a ra, a racial slur and everything.


But one thing for sure is that we definitely know that he knew in the back of his head because she was a black woman, that he was going to get away with it. Now, Okay, let's pause that right there. So that is a nonsense, right? To say one thing that we definitely know is that he knew in the back of his head that she was a black woman and he was therefore going to get away with it is just such a nonsense which flies in the face of everything that we have seen since the dawn of BLM. To the contrary, you have police officers that are facing time in prison like the Asian police officer and the Derek Chauvin who had nothing to do with anything who lost his entire life. He was basically new on the scene and happened to be there as they tried to apprehend George Floyd.


It's the exact opposite actually. So the idea that this guy that we have some shred of proof that this was racially motivated is ridiculous. that is again, the media trying to convince and Cardi b getting in line with the media and trying to convince black people to see a race issue where it is not, and again, the only reason they're doing this, right? You don't see any example throughout the last four years of them since George Floyd really kind of hitting at this, Hey, black America, this shouldn't have happened. You should be angry. The only reason they're doing this is because we're in an election cycle. I'm pointing out that because it is just so obvious what a ridiculous thing it is. The one thing we definitely know is what was in the back of his head. That's what Cardi B is saying. Let, let's hear her keep going, That he was going to get away with it.


Not only did he think that the, the department thought that because they didn't tell her son or her father that a, that a cop shot her. So they definitely thought that it was gonna get away from it. And it had everything to do with the fact that because it was because she was black. So nobody has to say a racial slur, but you know that it was racially motivated. Like, come on now. And then it's just like, yo, how, wait, how old is Candace? Owens? How old is Candace? Owens? How old is Candace? Owens? She gotta be around my age. Owens.


How old is Candace? Owens? Oh, this bitch. She is 35 years old. CandaceOwens, you're 35 years old. Sonya was 36 years old. Y'all practically have the same body frame. Y'all practically got the same body frame. Y'all both slim y'all. Well, you, you one year younger than her. She's a mother. You're a mother, she's a daughter, you're a daughter. She has a father that care about her. You got a father that care about her bitch. This could be you one day. No, and and it could be actually worse because you, the type of person that if a cop stopped you, you'll get real sassy at the mouth and as soon as you get sassy at the mouth, the mother will shoot your ass.


This lady didn't even, it got loud, didn't got, didn't curse, didn't, didn't raise her voice, didn't, there was no confrontation. She got shot for no reason. And then you sit here and be like, oh, it's very convenient that it comes out when the Joe Biden, Kamala and Trump thing going on. To be honest with you, when, when I saw that video, the last people on my head and the last thing on my head was Joe Biden, Kamala or Mother Trump, okay? Because it's not, we can get out of this so pointedly ridiculous again, how is it the last person that's on your head specifically given the fact that Joe Biden actually made a statement on Twitter. They issued, they all were issuing remarks on Twitter regarding the shooting, which is why I was of course preempting black America to be wary of this.


Again, why are they not drumming this beat? Why aren't they beating this drum all throughout the time that they're in office? Why is it always an election year? Now, I just really wanna back up and, and try to understand her logic there. She's trying to tell me that this could be me because she Googled my age, which I actually thought that was pretty funny that she like live, Googled, and then she phonetically said, Owen, how old is this? B? And she found out that I'm 35. And she's like, well, Sonya's also in the, in the same age frame. She said Sonya was 36. I actually don don Dunno if that's true, that Sonya was 36. She said, you guys are both also slim. Okay? So we're slim and we both also have fathers that loved us. So that could be me. Okay? that is about the level of stupidity that I believe the left and the media just wants all black people to be operating at.


Like that is what I say over and over again. They essentially wanna say, you look like this person. And so unless you react, this is literally going to be you tomorrow. Now, I didn't have a reaction and I did not cover the Sonya Massey shooting because of the color of her skin or because of her body frame or because of some fear that this could not be me. I reacted to it because it was very similar to look at the shooting and to simply say what is true. And what I felt and what I feel is true is that that woman did not need to die that day. She just didn't. and I said that, and I'm a person that I'm radically pro-police. I think they have the toughest job. And that is part of the reason why I felt compelled to comment on this is because we want to show that as people who are radically pro-police, we are sensible.


And there was no reason, again, in my conclusion when I said instantly that Sonya Massey had to die and I knew that it was going to be used as an opportunity to delude black Americans into thinking you're nothing more than the color of your skin. And so you must be reactive every time something goes wrong. So Cardi, I I have to say, I will always hold a candle out for you. I really wish that the media would cover the things that I say about you actually on the show. It's only every time, every time that we have some sort of a back forth or we disagree on something that the media tries to make it look like, I hate you far from it. I feel badly that you keep being used by the media because they think that you're nothing but a stripper.


Genuinely, I have said this over and over again, is that you don't even realize that you are a pawn in a game that is much more severe and much more sinister than you could possibly imagine. and I think that when you respond to these situations, Cardi, you are being genuine. I I sense that genuinely in you. I say over and over again that when I saw you in love and hiphop, hiphop, it was clear that you were a star. And it was because of this perceived authenticity, this auth, this authentic factor that you, you have. And then it became clear to me very quickly thereafter that you were being used, you are still being used. You don't even know you're being used. You think you're, you're coming at this heartfelt and you're not actually, you. Your, you might, your heart might be in the right place, but your emotions are being manipulated by people or people who are far more nefarious than you.


And the irony, absolute irony that you would choose this week to come for me actually. And obviously I anticipate there will be a lot of headlines regarding my sit down tomorrow that will be airing tomorrow with Amber Rose. But you came up, actually, you came up a discussion about you and where you are at developed between me and Amber Rose and I. Just want you to see a little tidbit of that conversation right now. Take a listen. I can look at Cardi and she reminds me of myself, I know, I can watch what she posts. I I've seen other things that she said, and I'm like, that's me all day every day.


She's done Ellen, she is done all these like late night talk shows and I've seen them and they're like, so you were a stripper? She's like, I'm an international superstar. You know. And like that's the first thing they go to. They do the same exact thing to me. And, and I can tell in her voice, I've been there, yo, I promise you, I've I've been there so many times and once I set myself free and, and now I'm just able to just be who I want to be, whatever that is, even moving forward, she'll, she'll eventually get there.


I do, I still have hope that you will eventually get there and that you will set yourself free Cardi from the industry which is using you outside of what you can even comprehend because they don't view you as someone who is educated. And that is all that I'm going to say on that topic.


But speaking of education, you guys, I am, I'm so proud to have Grand Canyon University as a sponsor of the show because they're a private Christian university that's based in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. They believe that they were endowed by our creator with certain unalienable unalienable rights to life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness. G C's mission is to empower virtuous action through higher education by honoring your career, calling your impact, your family, your friends, and your community. You can change the world for good by putting others before yourself to glorify God. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus and hybrid learning environment are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. The pursuit to serve others is yours. So find your purpose at Grand Canyon, University, private Christian, affordable visit GCU dot EDU.


All Right. guys, we have a lot of stories to get into today. I, I don't know, the political scene has just been insane. Of course, we are, I guess just a very short way away from election day. So that is the reason that they are just looking for narratives everywhere and it seems like the left and the right or eye each other's throats. But I'm kind of, I'm starting to develop this perspective, but actually the left and the right, depending on who you speak to are the same. Maybe it's because so much of the conservative movement has been taken over by neocons and neocons have a lot of power and virtually kind of what they want is the same when you actually think about it. But I'll save that rant for another day. So JD Vance, I have said, I am not entirely sure about him, but I'm very open to him on the basis of how he has voted in the Senate.


Well, he is under fire, of course now they're crawling through everything that JD Vance has ever said. And they found something well left struck gold. They found a clip of JD Vance from July of 2021 saying that the Democratic party is being run by childless cat Ladies, take a listen to what he had to say. What I was basically saying is that we are effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. And it's just a basic fact. You look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, a OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. And how does it make any sense that we've turned our country over to people who don't really have a direct stake in it?


And he is totally correct, but like I said, you don't wanna get in the way of a left who can seize on that and go, oh my gosh, how could he say this? And how can we get voters to be emotional? Because at the end of the game, okay, well now we need to appeal to childish child, childless women, and of course go out to our Hollywood stars who love the left, love the Democrats, and are really just exist now to do their bidding and get them to say something emotional about these comments, which remained 2021. And nobody cared when he said them, but take it away. Jennifer Aniston, she wrote this in an Instagram story post she wrote, I truly can't believe this is coming from a potential VP of the United States. All I can say is, Mr. Vance, I pray that your daughter is fortunate enough to bear children of her own one day.


I hope she will not need to turn to IVF as a second option because you are trying to take that away from her too. Did I sell it? Did I do it the way Jennifer Anderson would've done it? Maybe in in friends. I don't know. I I hope I did. I hope you guys are now realizing that you obviously can't vote for Janie Vance because what she, what she's clearly meaning is that If you struggle to have children. He doesn't want you running the country. No, of course nobody with a brain cell, nobody that's sensible. Nobody that is honest believes that that is what he is implying. Of course, he's saying something that is much more important, which is that we have a bunch of people who are creating policies passing through policies shaping the future of this country for the people who will inherit this country, which are somebody's children, my children.


Maybe it's your children, maybe it's your brother's children. And they don't think in that capacity. Now he's not of course referring to people that are struggling to conceive because that would, well, that would imply that they wanted to have a family, right? So If, you are trying to have a family. It implies that your mindset is set in that direction. Of course, course your mindset is going, okay, well I want to have a family, so of course I'm going to vote according to those sorts of values because I'm hoping that one day my children will be able to benefit from those values in which I am voting toward voting for. Now, Blake Masters, I think actually said this perfectly on Twitter. He wrote this in defense of JD Van's, political leaders should have children, certainly they should at least be married.


If, you aren't running or can't run a household of your own. How can you relate to a constituency of families or govern wisely with respect to future generations? Skin in the game matters. and I so agree with that and, and, and you could actually say a lot more there in terms of having skin in the game. That's why I believe also that we need to have term limits. Because if they think that they're gonna get kicked out of DC in four years, then suddenly they have skin in the game of the American people, right? They're not getting money from lobbyists. They're gonna have to go back and live like the American people and they will perhaps pass through policies that will benefit the American people and not just make their lobbyists happy. So yes, it does make sense when we are seeing the, the sorts of policies that are getting pushed through it is one of the reasons why you should consider when you are voting for any person.


If they don't have a wife and they don't have any kids, what does that entail to you? What does that mean? That their priorities are going to be, well, even If, you decide, okay, I'm, I'm just not getting married and I'm gonna be all by myself. I would imagine that over time what develops is a selfish mentality. This is why they say you can get stuck in your own ways. If, you don't get married by I know a certain timeframe. Let's say like You know you don't get married until you're 60. It's probably gonna be harder for that relationship to be successful because you've spent your whole life being by yourself, not having to compromise, not having to share I mean, you can even see this with only child syndrome. It's the same exact thing, right? Only child syndrome. What we're referring to are kids, they get into college and they have to share a dorm and they're like, what the heck?


I've never had to share anything in my life. They actually become quite selfish. I even noticed because you know, my firstborn son and he was used to the attention always being on him. and I thought, thank goodness we had a child quickly behind because we had to sort of get that out of him in the first couple of months once my daughter was born because he was just so used to being the star and So I totally agree with that. Sentiment is not something that I hope JD Vance walks back. I hope it's not something that the Trump campaign asks him to walk back. I think it is something that needs to be heard. And rather than kowtowing to the left, rather than kowtowing to Jennifer Aniston and her emotions or trying to pretend this is about IVF or about infertility, we need to stand firm on what it is that we believe in as conservatives.


And speaking of which, I am sure I am certain that all of you saw just like I did, and I didn't even know what it was, the left freaking out about Project 2025, right? So much so that Trump came out and said, I don't even know what project 2025 is. don don't even know. I don don't know if he disavowed explicitly, but he essentially said, I have nothing to do with Project 2025. and that may be true, he, it is something that was put together by the Heritage Foundation, but I was quite shocked to see it trending over on X. I'm going, what, what is Project 2025? And so then I did just a little dabble and I will tell you the, the document that they put together, it's about a thousand pages. I certainly have not read it all, but as I just read the first couple of pages and my sister told me that she read 103 pages of it and she said, you know, Candace, I'm not really sure what's, what's wrong with 2025, the project 2025.


And I went, really? You haven't come across anything? She's like, no, it's sort of saying everything that we feel about DEI initiatives and things of that nature. and I went, oh, is this one of those things where conservatives are acting like cowards because we were allowing the left to take, to seize the narrative. I I call it the game of disavow, where they essentially just create a field of peer pressure and a bunch of people start asking you about something that you don't even really know what it is or what the person has said or what the, the, the thing or the pamphlet says. But you're just like, ah, I disavow it, don, don't even, I disavow please just stop. I I just don't wanna be under this attack. that is not the right response whatsoever. It's not the right response.


Rather we should put them, make, make them say, actually you tell me what is Project 2025 and I'll tell you whether or not I support it or I don't support it. Let's go through it point by point. Put them on their toes. So I'm gonna tell you, by the way, these are just a couple of bullets and this is available on Wikipedia. So you know, Wikipedia is where it's, it's so run by the left and run by the a DL that they're gonna try to say the absolute worst things that they can about Project 2025 because they hate us, they hate conservatives. and I read through it and I went, there's nothing in this Wikipedia entry that I disagree with. So under a worst case, Wikipedia scenario, here is what they've got here. The philosophical outlook, the main project 2025 document outlines for main aims, restoring the family as the centerpiece of American life, dismantling the administrative state, defending the nation's sovereignty and borders, and securing what they believe to be a key to a good life, which is found primarily in family marriage, children Thanksgiving dinners, and the like the person who wrote this rights and above all in religious devotion and spirituality.


What am I supposed to dislike about this? Have any conservatives said this, by the way, I haven't been paying attention. Have there been conservatives that have said Project 2025 is bad because maybe you should ask yourself whether or not they are conservatives. It goes on and says that inflation is ravaging family budgets, drug overdose deaths continue to escalate and children suffer from the toxic normalization of transgenderism with drag queens and pornography invading their school libraries. Again, is this not don don't know exemplary of our conservative positions. It goes on to say that climate change is something that Project 2025 advises a future Republican president to go further than merely nullifying.


President Biden's executive orders on climate change proposes abandoning strategies for reducing greenhouse gas emissions that are responsible for climate change. Yeah, because it's a scam. that is a conservative perspective. Climate change is a scam. They're taking your tax dollars telling you that they're going to reduce carbon in the air and they're lying from over and over again that the IPCC is a hack organization and they basically pretend like we can have an impact on the environment with through through means like the Paris Accord, which doesn't even include the biggest contributor to carbon emissions, which is China. It's all a nonsense. It's all a lie. It's all about making you emotional and agreeing to give the government more power and to give the the government more money.


Oh gosh, it, it, it gets crazier. It says that under foreign policy tab, that project 2025 favors neither interventionism nor isolationism. Instead, it emphasizes that all decisions related to foreign policy must prioritize national interests. The horror, the horror. Now I see why people had to walk it back and say that we, how could we support this that would make us conservative I mean? I I just don't get it. I mean, I, I sent a tweet. I'm like, guys, I'm sort of looking into this. Can somebody express to me why we're supposed to be pretending that this document is wrong and Mike Servi offered that, you know, keep looking into it. It may be a Trojan horse, it may be more Neo Connie on the topic of foreign policy and I.


I promise that I will look further into the foreign policy aspects of this document, but I can tell you by just having a, a brief look here. Project 2025 sounds pretty good to me. So if I run for president, I want you guys to know in the future and they step to me and they say, do you project 2025? I'm gonna look them straight in the face and I'm gonna say yes, all of it. That's what we're gonna do. We are, we are going to be doing projects thousand 25. We're going to restore families, we're gonna restore faith. And unless you can explicitly point to me what in this document you are, you find problematic, I'm not gonna fall for your system of do you disavow and trying to make me fearful to stand by what I deem to be conservative principles.


Speaking of which you guys, I do, before we talk about Elon Musk and how he's going to force me to defend a OC today, oh, I do want to rec to recommend to you guys that If you are struggling in the same way that many families are struggling to support themselves right now in this economic moment. And you feel as though you are taking a step back every month instead of moving forward. Please call my friends in American Financing. They are there to help when the bills are higher than what you bring in every month. And you have to swipe that credit card to cover the difference and you feel like the debt just keeps adding up. Well, If you own a home. American Financing can certainly help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you an average of $854 a month. Think about what you could do with an extra $800 every month and not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments.


And even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you can save. All it takes is a quick call to American, Financing, and If. you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today and start your, your journey towards being credit card debt free. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Okay, Elon Musk woke up. Elon Musk was trending by the way. I love that. One thing you would say by El Musk is he really must believe in free speech because the fact that Grok had a whole statement about how people are questioning Elon Musk and, you know, grok is the AI that sums up what the controversy, controversy is.


and I don't know what happened. I I kind of missed it. I woke up and then saw that he was trending overstatements that he made about anti-Semitism. And people were essentially saying, this is not the Elon Musk that I invested in. This is not the Elon Musk that I believed in. And So I will tell you, i i, gee, I guess one snippet of what went down because it was, it was hard to follow all of it. But a OC tweeted this yesterday regarding Bibi net and Yahoo's speech, in which, by the way, Elon Musk attended, which I'm, I'm not sure what drove him to attend it. Maybe it's 'cause he met Bibe Netanyahu recently, but he was one of the people that was in the audience offering him, I guess more than 50 standing ovations what Bibe Netanyahu got. But AOCs tweets reads, just so we are clear, Netanyahu has lost so many people that he is addressing just a fraction of Congress when this happens.


They fill the seats with non-members like what they do at award ceremonies in order to project the appearance of full attendance and support. So that's a factual statement there. There's nothing there that she said that I guess we should be too upset with. I covered that yesterday on the show that a ton of people in Congress were declining to attend Thomas Massey being one of them who has been my favorite congressman four years check. You can check the tapes. I have had him on my show way before October 7th saying that he was an ideal congressman because he really stands by the American people and always votes against every single dollar going overseas. More people in Congress should be like him. But Elon Musk responded this to a OC, he wrote, the Democratic Party has become openly and boldly antisemitic so hard to garner whether he's saying her tweet itself as anti-Semitic, which I, I certainly hope he is not saying, implying that by her telling us that they're creating an illusion that what you are seeing is a show.


and that happens over and over again. Honestly, the world has become a stage, it really has become a stage. And she's letting you know that you're seeing this as if it was roars applause and that the, and that your Congress agrees with him. But the reality is they basically had to get an actors in there. Maybe they were like, yeah, you're an intern. You fill this CFO this week because we wanna create the illusion that he has the full support of Congress when he doesn't. That frankly shouldn't be allowed. But you're telling us that it is. Maybe what he meant was that the people that are boycotting this event, all of the congressmen who are boycotting it are antisemitic because why else would you boycott? Okay, that still doesn't make any sense to me. Does that make any sense to you? Because then he would be essentially saying that Thomas Massey is anti-Semitic and I have some strong feelings about that.


I think most of you guys understand how I feel about Thomas Massey. I think he should be president of the United States. I would crawl over broken glass to vote for Thomas Massey for President of the United States. So if Elon Musk is gonna come for Thomas Massey, then Elon Musk is coming for me. If the implication is that Thomas Massey cannot represent the American people by saying, I am not showing up to this war show, because that's what it is, it's about promoting war with Iran because that's what Bibi Netanyahu wants. If that makes him anti-Semitic and makes him an enemy of Elon Musk, because I guess him and Bibe are friends, then I guess me and Elon Musk, we ain't, we ain't on the friendly side. That's how I feel. that is how strongly I feel about the work that Thomas Massey has done.


He is exemplary of every thing, every bit of character that every single person that we send to DC should have. And yet we don't have that. And this brings me to the next question. What is antisemitism? 'cause I'm gonna tell you guys, I'm getting real tired of what is so obvious. I'll tell you what, it's the definition of antisemitism is everyone in the world is allowed to critique BB net and Yahoo. Just not you Americans. I think that's where, that's where we're at right now. That's today's definition. Don't forget that I once spoke to a rabbi extensively and he told me that the definition mutates so they can drop it and change it every day. But I would say officially as of yesterday, the definition became that everyone in the world is allowed to critique Israel and allowed to critique BB net and Yahoo except for the Americans who are funding him.


If Americans do it, then we get to call them anti-Semitic and try to ruin their lives. And I'm going to show you an example of that. People who have openly critique Bibi Netanyahu and have not been called anti-Semitic and I, think the greatest example of that would be Ari Emanuel. I would argue that Ari Emanuel is, from a business perspective, one of the most powerful Jews in America. That's a, I think that's an absolute fact. He owns Endeavor. They own a ton of companies that are under the Endeavor brand, the UFC being one of them. Ari Emanuel notoriously got Kanye West blacklisted from Hollywood by writing a letter after he wrote out letter Kanye West, who's one of the most famous people in the world, was dropped from Adidas, dropped from Gap, okay, over his antisemitism.


Listen to Ari Emanuel speak about BB net and Yahoo. This was taken I believe in May just a couple of months ago. Take a listen. Netanyahu doesn't want a peaceful solution and it's become clear that getting to a political solution and that now remaining in power are irreconcilable pass. Jews are not selfish people. We are a people whose Bible tells us to treat the stranger like one of our own, who should turn the sides of the corners of the field for the orphan and the widow who should help. We are the ones that help during the civil rights movement in this country. Like when Andrew Goodman and Michael Schwar gave up their lives for the cause in Mississippi on June 24th, 1964 we're charitable people.


But Bibi Netanyahu is fundamentally selfish. The cost of giving this man what he wants has become far too great for far too many people. Reputations can be ruined a lot more quickly and easily than they can be repaired. and that now has tarnished the legacy but does not belong to him. By the way, you should go pursue that speech in its entirety because I'm pretty sure it's been what people like me have been saying for a very long time. That everything that he has done has been a disaster. And for everybody who thinks it's the rise of antisemitism in America, maybe you should try to see it through the lens of it's the rise of people who are standing up to BB net and Yahoo are getting tired of his fuggery and I wanna be clear, I believe that it is Thuggery that he is doing.


I'm gonna show you a clip of Bibb net and Yahoo in a moment. But first I want you to watch this video because again, apparently If, you say it and you're black and American. That makes you, you semi Ari Emanuel said it. I, I will wait. By the way, journalists, I watch every minute of this show for you guys to do what you do to me, to Ari Emanuel. I better see like articles going crazy tomorrow about him being a raging antisemite Jew hater. I think that's the right language. But here's another video. This one is from back in 2002, a woman named Shulamit Lon Alani, I might be saying her name wrong. She's was an Israeli politician. She founded the Rots Party, she was also a leader of the Mars Party. She served as the Minister of Education for a year. And in 2002 she was awarded the Israel Prize, which is the country's highest honor for culture.


Here's what she said in a radio interview from 2002, take a listen. Yours is a voice of criticism. We don't often hear in the United States. Often when there is dissent expressed in the United States against policies of the Israeli government, people here are called antisemitic. What is your response to that as an Israeli Jew? Well, It's a trick. We always use it when from Europe, somebody is criticizing Israel, then we bring up the Holocaust. When in this country people are criticizing Israel. Then there are antisemitic and the organization is strong and has a lot of money.


And the, the ties between Israel and the American Jewish establishment are very strong and they're strong in this country. As you know. They have power, which it's okay, they are talented people and they have power, money, and media and other things. And their attitude is Israel my country, right or wrong, the identification. And they are not ready to hear criticism. And it's very easy to blame people who criticize certain acts of the Israeli government as antisemitic and to bring up the Holocaust and the suffering of the Jewish people.


And that's that justify everything we do to the Palestinian. So to be clear, those are her remarks, not mine. So If, you wanna attack the media wants to attack her, that's totally fine with me. I'm just trying to figure out what is definition of antisemitism, because I'm pretty sure that everything she just said would be categorized as anti-Semitic, because she's criticizing the government that she served. To be clear, she was a far left politician, or at least that's how she's described online, is that she was a far left politician. But as I said, she was the Minister of education for a year. So that means that Jewish Americans are allowed to critique Bibi Netanyahu. We have this woman who served in the Israeli government who's allowed to critique Israel in case you're missing it since our media never tells you this.


And they pretend that it's just an American issue or it's happening in the uk. There are protests, nonstop protests in Israel against BB net and Yahoo. Right? Now here's a headline here. I could have showed you a video, but I'm, I'm just showing you here a picture. Israel protests, thousands rally against net and Yahoo Immunity. Okay, so everyone is I guess apparently allowed to criticize Israel to rally against Netanyahu's immunity. So long as they are not a tax paying American, I guess. 'cause we're allowed to critique our own government, we're allowed to critique Biden, we're allowed to critique Trump. This for whatever reason, is a no go zone. They will try to ruin your entire life. The media will come after you. And she alleges that they, that they have power in media.


I'm not alleging that, but I can say that I definitely am seeing a concerted attack on me as if there's a hit on me in the media for simply not agreeing with bibb net and Yahoo and I will tell you the reasons why I don't, I've been very explicit about this. I don't like his thuggery, I don't like the way he speaks about America. I think it is absolute trash that you have people on the right that pretend that they care about free speech, they care about national sovereignty, that they care about the conservative movement. And then they will completely ignore the things that Bibb Netanyahu is on record saying about Americans pretending like he's just got us in the bag. Like we have no say in what's happening in our government. Threatening if a, if they boycott us, well they will themselves be boycotted.


We're passing laws in America. I'm gonna show you a couple of bi net and yahoo and then I will tell you what it says in English plus show you a tweet to follow it. But let's just play it first. First and foremost, it's, it's here in Hebrew. So you can see that was shared on his Twitter feed and you, their language was under rip. And in case you're listening to Spotify, he says, and he sounds a bit like a thug in the way that he's moving, whoever boycotts us will themselves get boycotted.


In the last few years we have promoted in the USA and there are now laws in most states here that anyone who boycotts Israel will th themselves be punished So. it won't help them. We don't care. And we are fighting it. and that was backed up by the official Israel accounts, tweets, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. And then they restate what he says. Whoever boycotts us will be boycotted. The UN Human Rights Council is a biased body that is devoid of influence, not for nothing. I have already ordered the severing of ties with it. It was also not for nothing that the American administration has taken this step together with us in recent years. We have promoted laws in most states which determine that strong action to be taken against whoever tries to boycott Israel. So why would Israel be allowed to promote laws in the United States of America?


Help me out. Conservatives. You guys are all so fearful. You're, you're a bunch of scaredy cats. I can't stand it and it makes me sick. 'cause the majority of people are men. And that's what we're dealing with right now. We're dealing with men that are terrified of being canceled. Like that's the men, like a couple of generations ago, men were willing to go die for their country. Now you have men that don't even have the nerve to tweet to say, this is not acceptable. I don't care what country is, I don't care if it's zelensky, I don't care if it's sitting in Yahoo. I don't care if it's whoever's running the Taliban at this moment. No leader of a foreign country should speak like that about laws in America. That's what it means to have sovereignty. that is what it means. We want sovereignty. Okay? Not antisemitism. It's not Jew hatred. It's, I demand sovereignty. And for every leader, every commentator who can't say that, can't make that statement step aside, genuinely.


I just, I have, I reserve such anger and frustration for the wimps that I see on a day to day basis. I'm getting too scared. No, no. don don't wanna get canceled. I'm just, you're just, just a bunch of don don't even wanna say women because I'm a woman. I, I just a little girls You know and I can't even snap 'cause my little girl's tough. I, you guys are pathetic. You guys are pathetic. And further to the point of how pathetic we've all become, it's like watching what is so clear to me to be fed federal agitators. You guys remember this? I said yesterday when these protests were going on and just conveniently, you know, everybody, you got neocons. Oh my God, look at this Meya speaking and this person's burning an American flag.


you know, I guess this means that people from the Middle East are evil and backwards and it's just, it's per, it's a perfect narrative. I saw that video and I'm gonna show it to you, right, right here. This, these, these two people not even wearing a mask, not covering their faces, just boldly holding a Palestinian flag, dancing and setting it on fire. and I thought, how odd, how odd is this video that a person wouldn't even cover their face and would do this? I don't care. I know. There's crazy people on the left. I know there could be really crazy people on the far right as well. Okay? There's like the, the horseshoe theory that anything too far, they just kind of become the same. But that would, that takes some courage. Like you don't even care. Your face is not covered. You're dancing, you're holding this flag and you know that news cameras are trained on you post January 6th when you saw people locked up for doing way less.


don don't buy this. So I did something that I've done a few times and I've always been successful. I just say, Hey, any information regarding this person, please send it to me. Not because I'm gonna try to get this individual arrested. Look at this person right here. But because I just wanna make sure this is actually an American, and this is not a federal agitator of some description that is trying to get people to break the law. Just like we saw on January 6th, just like we saw with Ray Epps, okay, who is this person wearing sunglasses and dancing around? And would you, would you believe it if I told you that that post got 15 million views and that a single person was able to confirm who that individual was, that a single person has been able to confirm who these people are that showed up with gasoline and lit a fire right near the capitol building.


So, so we got the reaction to it, which is, or we're supposed to be thinking, oh my gosh, Palestinians are awful. Now, I guess whatever bb net and Yahoo wants to do over there is totally fine and we should no longer critique it. Wow. That's, that's lucky. By the way, question don don't know. Here I am going out with my common sense. Why are they burning an American flag as opposed to an Israeli one? Oh, it's because we're trying to get Americans on our side, right? The neocons, the far everyone is playing Americans right now. That's, that's true. We are being played. The world is a stage. All of this is performative. It is not real. It is just not real. We can't find who those individuals are. So until somebody identifies who this person is dancing, holding a Palestinian flag, then I'm gonna go ahead and say that that appears to me to be a federal agitator.


And what are they trying to agitate? The situation of Americans being gung-ho about going to war with Iran. I've been saying this to you for years, and now you had Bibi net and Yahoo who actually said, actually said in his speech yesterday that, you know, they tried to kill Trump and if they're successful in killing Trump, he really said this guys, if they're successful in killing Trump, I hope you guys will respond to Iran. Now, Trump shared this on truth, social and I thought, I don't know Trump. That kind of sounds like a threat. don don't know I don, I'm not liking that language. If, if they're successful next time in killing Trump, I, I hope that Americans will go to war with Iran. Wake up Donald Trump. That doesn't, that doesn't sit right with me that he would say that.


That's very strange that they saying that Iran tried to kill you. That seems like a very strange thing for Iran to try to do in Butler, Pennsylvania ahead of your election. Okay, so I'll put our thinking caps on. I've been saying for years they want to go to war and they will do anything for it. And by the way, by in case you're not keeping score for all the reasons they're telling you that you must support BB Netanyahu. It does tend to be the circumstance that every time BB Netanyahu shows up in America and suggests that we need to go to war with a country, we instantly go to war with the country. Take a look at this compilation If, you take away the Soviet Union and its chief proxy, the PLO international terrorism would collapse If, you take out Saddam Saddam's regime.


I guarantee that it will have enormous positive reverberations on the region. Obviously we'd like to see a regime change, at least I would in Iran, just as I would like to see in Iraq. The question now is a practical question. What is the best place to proceed? It's not a question of whether Iraq's regime should be taken out, but when should it be taken out? It's not a question of whether you'd like to see a regime change in Iran, but how do it there any other nations that you would recommend that the United States launch preemptive attacks upon? At this point, the answer is categorically yes. The, the two nations that are vying competing with each other, who will be the first to achieve nuclear weapons is Iraq and Iran. But a third nation by the way, is Libya as well.


Libya is trying very rapidly to build an atomic bomb capability. So you have here now three nations all stand together to stop Iran's march of Conquest, subjugation and terror, A Iraq, Libya, Syria. He says it, we do it. And now he's saying that Iran might kill President Trump. And if he does, then we better, we just better all say we're going to war right now and not, not ask any further questions. Lemme tell you something right now, something happens to President Trump. I'm gonna have a lot of further questions and I'm going to make this statement to the American people. Please listen to me. Do not send your sons and daughters to fight in this planned war.


They have been planning this war for years. Okay? Do not believe them when they say they have weapons of mass destruction. They have been trying the strategy for years in various countries that they want war with. Okay? Stop letting these elite oligarchs, very small group of them that benefit from these never ending wars, allow you to be diluted into emotionality and irrationality and to allow your children to die on foreign soil. Not a single American daughter or son is going to die overseas for this planned war. Make that commitment. Genuinely make that commitment to yourselves, all Right. guys, let's get into some of your comments here. Let me jump into the, the chat, the live chat here, and see what you guys have going on.


Do you guys agree with me? Here is what we have. This person says Crisis King. Thank you. Sorry for the tip, and also thank you to all of you guys who went over to Club Candace and purchased stand cup. For those of you that are supporting the show on locals, if you're not, please go to locals.com. Literally, you can give a dollar a month if that's all that you can do to keep us free so that we can say what we want so that we don't become beholden to the same trash lies that so many organizations are held to. Because there is no freedom of the press, there is only the financial swaying of the press. Okay, jumping back into the comments again, we have tones. He writes, the left criticizes Amber Rose. Now that she's a Trump supporter, questioning her credibility due to her past actions like a forehead tattoo and a slut walk, they ignore that she did this as a leftist.


Yeah, I think it was so ridiculous. I mean she wasn't up there saying she's a Christian. She wasn't up there saying that she was running for office. She was just saying that she had that moment, and I had that moment many years ago where she woke up to the fact that she was being lied to, and that is where you want people to get to. We want everyone to get to that moment, and when they do get to that moment, let's not punch them straight in the face by calling them sluts. Okay? Because I'm totally fine If a slut wakes up one day and changes their mind, I'd have no problem with every only fan model in the world. Woke up one day and realize the media was lying to them and diluting them. That awakening happens for different people at a different time. Talia says, thank you so much for discussing Project 25, A woman that stands on her word. Yep. I wish we just had a few more men in politics that could do that, but maybe politics attracts a specific kind of man.


Maybe there's that. This person, F six, aim writes, Candace, any thoughts on the work or influence of Tran Russell? Curious about your opinion. I'm 18 and have a tendency to be self-conscious and meek. How do you deal with that? I would say that the best way to deal with that is to just continue reading and knowing that it's okay to explore your ideas. You don't need to know right from wrong immediately when you're 18 years old, but having the courage to be who you are, I think is important because I think the world is constantly trying to make people self-conscious, like just to subscribe to group think, what does the group think about me? What does the group think? Oh, the group says that feminism's good, So I better not go against feminism. I hate that So. It's, it's the fact that you're even asking questions in watching the show, you're probably on the right track.


This person says, I know this sounds crazy, but I'll be the one to run in 20 28, 20 20, 20 32 or 2036. Is it a coincidence that my name is Donald? No, bro says Defund Hollywood, the mainstream music industry and the corrupt news stations pushing the agenda on the overall lies. Thank you for what you do. Candace Christ is king by the way, you guys, Miek is blowing up. You guys know that You can find me If. you want to ask me a question and I can answer you on voice audio. You can just find me on miek.com. That's like M-I-N-N-E-C t.com. This person says, why would you give Cardi B? This is Smokey any attention. She's a dancer. She only knows how to sell herself. Unfortunately, people idolize that over intelligence.


I disagree and for the reasons that I just said about Amber Rose, I think that Cardi B is somebody that ended up wound up in an industry that is incredibly satanic and that she, her soul is fighting to survive right now, and I just sense in her that there is this element that is genuine and she's genuine even when she's being wrong, and so if we can start with people that are just genuine, even in being wrong, then we probably have a chance to redeem them or to change their minds. Don, don't think we should just give up on everybody who gets it wrong. 'cause I once got it wrong. There's that too. I would be a total hypocrite to have that perspective on her. When I came from the lets, and I held a lot of leftist perspectives when I was younger. Grant Brown writes, I feel like I watched two different versions of the Biden speech, one on your live stream and the one on other channels.


Anyone experienced the same thing. That's very funny because somebody emailed me and I didn't pull it yet, but they said, Candace, they changed the speech thereafter. Did you recognize this? I have not looked into it at all, but maybe people in the live chat can answer your question as to whether or not they held that same perspective, but I think we all agreed that as you're asking Grant, it just seemed very, very bizarre. The whole thing just felt very bizarre. This person, thank you Shylee for the compliment. This person writes, I would love to see a Candace Owens times Trevor Noah interview, possibly even Dr. Umar. Trevor Noah would never do it. He would come apart because he's such a fraud. He's an absolute fraud. I've been looking into his background and where he comes from. I mean the whole thing is just so fraudulent.


His whole story about how he grew up. He's leaving a lot on the table. You should ask Trevor Noah more about his dad. He doesn't talk often about his, his family. I would, I would dig into that if I were you. This person says Mitt Romney, the potential VP for Kamala Thoughts. I think he's a committed elect. This Why not? I, I, I, it's a great ticket. Romney, Kamala, you know two people that are gonna tear this nation up, this person. Lastly, Chelsea writes Candace, please interview Liz Crogan. She opened the case on Pizzagate and gets into the Hillary Obama and Podesta emails. She also has knowledge on spirit cooking in Maria Abramovic Abramovich. I would love to see you do a piece on this. Maria Abramovich is utterly satanic and every celebrity that wants anything to do with someone like that is someone that I would not trust.


I, I never looked into Pizzagate, but I did see those emails and they were extremely weird and that was what I think one of the reasons that Julian Assange got into so much trouble was by making those emails public and people that are just waking up, you should go back and read those emails. It's something very strange going on. Nothing made sense in those emails, but what they actually meant, I, I have no idea, but I'm always looking for people to interview on this show. By the way, you guys, you know, we did the hot wing challenge. We're doing a hotter wing available on locals. We are going to do that right now with the crew because I promise people on locals that I would introduce them to my crew as well as then try to kill my crew with hot sauce because that's what somebody who's loving does. They try to kill their crew.


So if we're not here tomorrow, it's because we died. I just kidding. We'll be having the Amber Rose episode air tomorrow. Again, head to locals.com, support us and our independence or head to Club Candace dot com and by the new Sandis Cup. It is a gray addition and it, of course You know my favorite expression that Andrew Tate says, can you run that expression? Do you have that sky? Oh yeah, we got it. Yeah, let's run it. Don't care. Built different. Don't care. Don't care. Built different. That's my perspective on being a conspiracy theorist as they call us. We gotta embrace it. Don't care built different. We're gonna ask all of the questions you guys tomorrow again, we will have Amber, rose and I will see you guys then.