
Alright guys, I got so many comments from you when I had this guest before Candace, please just shut up. It was that good of an episode and I, I'm only human, you guys. I was so excited, obviously because I finally had someone who was able to further inform us regarding the CIA, all of the declassified documents that I've been reading, to have someone be so forthcoming and honest about his experience in the CIA. I truly was like a kid at Disneyland. I just couldn't, I couldn't help myself. But I promised you guys I would bring him back and we're going to cover so many more topics. So Kevin Ship, welcome back to Candace. Thank You. Thanks for having me back. Tremendously successful episode.


Good. I think currently above 4 million views on YouTube alone. Great. People are really just craving truth. Yeah. They know the mainstream media is lying. Hearing your story and your journey through the CIA also you being a whistleblower, which makes us terrified for your life, it really tells us that we're at a turning point, I think in the United States. W we are and, and thanks to programs like yours and, and the, the mainstream media is no longer, the propaganda arm of the CI is no longer in ultimate control. Now we have shows like yours and others that are getting the truth and the real news out and people are, are desperate and they're thirsty for that sort of thing.


'cause we've been lied to for so long. And I think that's why your show is doing so well, because you got the courage to put the truth out there, which I admire. And, And so yeah, things are looking a lot better than, than they were. That is for sure. I think you had mentioned that under Obama Project Mockingbird. I guess just elaborate on what you were telling me about that before. Well, Project Mockingbird, you know, they alleged that that went away in 1976 when George HW Bush, who by the way, was a long time CIA operative, which he covered up George HHW Bush. They put him as director of the CIA intentionally. And he came out and gave a news conference When Mockingbird was busted by the church committee, Bush came out and did a news conference saying, well this is an official statement.


The CIA will no longer pay journalists to plant stories and papers. But then people missed the last part of his statement From now on, it will just be voluntary. CI has a whole lot of ways to make something voluntary, a necessity. So it continues, it continues today. And a good example of that is, is the Total Information Awareness program where ap, UPI, Washington, post Google, Facebook, especially Google and Facebook signed an agreement with the CIA to censor certain information that the government didn't want out there. Literally signed off with the CIA to, for propaganda to the US people. So it is in, in full swing.


It never went away. Now it's just voluntary and, and they have ways of making that happen. When was that sign? That was 1976. Wow. Yeah. Before the cameras. And, and everybody missed that last part. Actually it was super interesting. I don't know If you saw this recently, but Jeff Bezos did something that I think required a tremendous amount of humility. Or maybe these were marching orders from the CIA, who knows. But he essentially wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post and said, look, we're not endorsing a candidate because no one believes us anymore. We're essentially just writing to ourselves. And I thought that that really represented the, the collapse of the mainstream media when even you have someone who owns a publication like the Washington Post saying, what are we even doing this for anymore?


Yeah. We're just keeping up appearances for ourselves. Yeah. That was remarkable because the Washington Post has been the Chief Mockingbird since its inception. Matter of fact, they were part of the formation. The post was with Operation Mockingbird and they, they've been the CIA's mouthpiece for decades. And all of a sudden this happens. And of course a bunch of Washington Post journalists and editors walked out. 'cause they're so used to puppeting the government line they left. And that Bezos did that is just, is remarkable. I think he sees the writing on the wall. People are tired of that. They're fed up with false news and, and you know, he's a money man, he's a businessman and he sees that the post is hurting. So he came out and said that, and, and he's got a $600 million contract with his CIA for monitoring cloud activities.


So Jack Bezos Bezos does, which means he probably signed a CIA secrecy agreement, which is their, their weapon. So that's, that makes it even more ironic that he would come out and cut the legs off their Chief Mockingbird, essentially. So yeah, that was something, something to watch. Or that could be, like I said, because the CIA basically said to him, no one's reading this. No one believes it. So maybe just by writing this letter, people will then believe that what you put out next is definitely going to be not something that's from the deep state. I, I can't decide. Wouldn't surprise me. It wouldn't surprise me at all either. So actually, let's speak about the Washington Post because I, So I majored, I graduated, got a degree in journalism. And it's so funny now for me to go back to my early journalism journalist training at university.


And they always tell you, you can trust CNN. They, they basically instill in you the New York Times, the Washington Post, CNN Christiana Omnipro. Like this is who you want to be like If you become a successful journalist. These are the people that tell the truth. And of course what we learn about is the Watergate scandal. And this is what made the Washington Post, the Washington Post, you know, deep Throat and this person who we never knew who it was that was giving information that ultimately led to Nixon's resignation. Let's speak about President Nixon, 'cause I'm starting to think a lot differently about that now. Yes, we have an entire chapter in our book on Bob Woodward, who, who I consider the Chief Mockingbird. When I came out with my story to blow the whistle on what the, the agency had done when my family was poisoned and the house was broken into and they painted chemicals on the ceiling.


I contacted a reporter who was going to meetings with former agency people. And, and So I called him and he took the story, but he, he kept putting me off for 30 days. We went back and forth and I said, are you gonna publish this or not? He goes, well, what about this? And he kept asking me questions, the answer to which would be classified information, which means I could be wrapped up. So finally I said, what are you, why are you doing this? I'm not gonna tell you anything classified. He goes, well, my editor, he's pressuring me to do it. And he was just, he was miserable. So that's why I'm not mentioning his name. 'cause he was just an in-between, well, guess who the Washington Post editor was? It was Bob Woodward. And it turns out the CI, excuse me, the Washington Post went directly to the CI and reported my contact and exactly what I, what I told them.


Turns out Bob Woodward is, was an intelligence community official, connected to the CI and Naval intelligence going all the way back to the Nixon administration. He briefed Alexander Hague with top secret briefings, and he and Hague worked together as a kind of behind the scenes coup to get rid of Richard Nixon. Now that may sound crazy, but we have the, the documentation in Twilight of the Shadow Government to, to prove that that was a coup against Richard Nixon and that Bob Woodward himself was involved in that. And I remember when we were on the seventh floor when we were protecting CIA director, William Casey Woodward would come and visit all the time. And William Casey hated the press except for Bob Woodward.


And he'd always clear him right in, and they'd go, they'd go behind closed door meetings. And we were all like, what the heck? Well, it turns out Bob Woodward with some of the information Casey gave him publishes Veil, the Secret Wars of the CIA. And in that book he says that he was able to get into Bill Casey's hospital room when he was terminally ill and get him to admit to his involvement in the Iran Contra affair, which was a felony basically. Well, that, that's a complete fabrication. I was one of the agents that occupied the hot seat outside of Casey's room. Woodward did try to get in and the agents gracefully caught him and showed him the exit and he never came back. Plus ca the brain tumor had affected Casey's brain, especially the area of speech.


So he couldn't even talk. So that's complete fabrication. Woodward has concealed all of his intelligence community jobs and positions that he had. Going back to Alexander Hague, he's concealed all of that. He makes it look like he was, came into the Washington Post and then within six months he gets Watergate and he gets a direct connection to the then deputy director of the FBI, who turns out to be deep throat and was disgruntled and was and just started feeding Woodward information right off the bat. Why him? Well, everybody knew that he had a clearance and he had connections to US intelligence. So we have a a an entire piece referenced and documented on Bob Woodward as, as the poster Child of Mockingbird. And it goes all the way back to there.


Oh, so what you're essentially alleging then, and this is very much what I've come to understand, it makes me feel, feel so foolish as a student to believe these almost like Hollywood production type stories, a brave journalist running to get the information out, standing up against the deep state. Right. They are the fourth estate. It's like no, they are the deep state. That's right. What you're alleging then is that what happened is a coup was executed against a duly elected president of the United States. Yes. And I think we, we pretty much prove that in the book with documentation. Yeah. And then of course people listening to this are gonna be going, wait, but as soon as Donald Trump got into office the first time, Bob Woodward was the guy that was writing a book about Donald Trump.


And just a few days ago, Donald Trump issued a statement against Bob Woodward saying that he was issuing that Bob Woodward was writing another book and lying about clearances that he never had an access to the administration that he didn't have that would suggest to people that perhaps the state is going after Donald Trump in the same manner. What was Woodward's last most recent book? Fear. And of course it's always negative about Donald Trump because he's a Mockingbird and the CIA specifically hates Donald Trump because he's rattling their cage and the CIA will do anything, and I mean anything to survive self perpetuate itself. So he went after Trump in his book, and he is now a well-known fabricator.


I don't think he can read any of Bob Woodward's book and believe everything that's in there now. The one exception is Bill Casey leaked classified information selectively to Woodward in the book Veil. 'cause Casey wanted that out to the American public. And, and that Woodward took that, what he does is he takes things and makes himself look legit, legitimate. And then he puts a lie in there. That's, that's his mo and he did that in his recent book Fear. But it's always against anyone that challenges the intelligence community or the national security state. It's always an attack on that. And of course Donald Trump. Yeah. You know, it's actually really interesting because Tulsi Gabbard being announced, it seems to have rattled the cages of the Deep state.


Sure has. And for me, the marker of that is, I, I view Nikki Haley to be a just an entire deep state clone. It's just always talking about war, war, war. Let's go to war with Iran, let's go to war with everyone. And she really came out against Tulsi g in a huge way. Yeah. And it was really interesting because everything she was saying sounded to me like, this makes me like Tulsi Gabbard more. Yeah. She's like, she's like, Tulsi Gabbard thinks that Julian Assan should be pardoned. Right. And Edward Snowden should be pardoned. Right. And I'm going, do you understand what you're actually saying to the American people is that people that reveal information about the deep state should essentially be tried and Exactly life in prison. And and she calls this protecting our interests.


And Nikki's been connected to the military industrial complex for years. She's a deep stater from the word go. Obviously Trump knows that. The team knows that. And that's why she doesn't have any position. But, you know, you, you gotta admire the poetic justice because they were, they had Tulsi Gabbard on, on a terrorist watch list. They were following her wherever she went for no reason other than her opinions on Ukraine and other things. And, and now all of a sudden she's in charge of them as over DHSI mean, you gotta love that. And that's the kind of thing we need is people from the outside like that, especially people that, that have been attacked by the shadow government deep state that are now going back in to really clean some out.


First time in my entire career I've seen that this actually possible and somebody pinched me and wake me up. 'cause I think I'm dreaming. But it's gonna be a battle from now on getting rid of these deep staters, especially in the CIA. And they're, they're bureaucrats. It, it, it's gonna be a war. So we should be excited, but at the same time really concerned and keep our eye on these people 'cause they're gonna try to stop this. Right. And I, and I do believe that some people around Trump are have, are obviously deep state plants because the fact that Mike Pompeo's name was actually being floated. Yeah. And that was real. I I know people in his inner circle, they were shocked that people were trying to push him. And these are the people that gave tons of money to his campaign and trying to push him.


Could you imagine to name Mike Pompeo? Could you get anybody that is more of a deep state plant than Mike Po? He is. And I don't even a plant. He said he is the deep state. Well, Well yeah. It's funny because when, when he was first appointed to the CIA, a I remember I turned to my wife and I said, if, if he's an honest man, he will not be there for long. They're gonna turn him. Well what did Pompeo do? And he ruined his political career. He put a assassination order out for Julian Assange. Unbelievable. And then he called Tucker Carlton and threatened him with arrest for talking about the Assange case. This is Mike Pompeo. And they, he either was already deep state. The CIA has a wonderful way of turning people when they get in there.


Trust me. I know. And the upper 20% of the CIA, they do not believe in democracy. They do not believe in the US Constitution. They believe in the CIA and its global juggernaut staying in control and perpetuating itself. That's all they believe in. And some of 'em, I, and I've worked for some, they're basically psychotic. They're NAR narcissists. And so Pompeo got in there and whether he was coerced into do doing that by Gina Hasell, who is a shadow government, deep stater from the word go, she's the one that destroyed the torture tapes videotapes. And it wasn't just wa waterboarding, it was worse. John Brennan was operating through deputy director Hasell against Pompeo when Pompeo was director.


And, And so the under bureaucracy at the upper levels of CI was working against Pompeo while he was there. That's gonna happen again. And if rat ratcliffe takes over, he's gonna need a team of defense people in the administration behind him because, because they're gonna try to put their steely knives in his back and he, he absolutely needs to appoint the right deputy director underneath him that will, will go with the reforms that the administration has ordered him to do. Because if that's not the case, then the DDCI will undermine him. They have a whole global monstrous network to protect and much of it illegal and criminal, including drug, drug running and other things that they don't want coming out. So you, you bring a reformer like rat cliff in, you better be careful and you better have outsiders come in to support him.


The Chief operating officer and others that will make sure that bureaucracy doesn't try to undermine the new director. Alright.


Interrupting this conversation briefly to remind you all about GoldCo because we're all wondering what they have in store for president-elect Donald Trump. Are they gonna crash the economy before he gets into office? Are they gonna kick off World War iii? I really don't know what they're up to, but I'm also not waiting around to find out. And I don't think that you should be either, which is why you should go to Candace likes gold.com to learn about my partners over at GoldCo. They are the precious metals company that I trust. They're top rated, they have impeccable customer service and they've supported this show since the very beginning. For my listeners, they're going to give you a free gold and silver kit. This kit will teach you about how precious metals can protect your money and help you invest in the future. You could also Get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. I do not want you guys to miss out on this and this is a great way to help support the show. All you have to do is go to Candace likes gold.com. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


Okay. On the topic of turning people once they go in, because we have seen this happen so many times, good, good guys gone bad. What are their mechanisms for doing that? I've heard people are fearful that they'll drop kitty porn on their laptops or maybe they find a family member and there's some really a, a blackmail operation. What happens? Well, I mean, If you, If you humbly look at my case, they tried to erase me by placing me. And sadly my family is collateral damage in a very badly poisoned house that had mycotoxins leaking out of out of the ceiling. Now mycotoxins are what Saddam Hussein used on the troops called Yellow Rain.


It's a very deadly neurotoxin. And I found it, it it, it, it only shows up under a a black light. And as this was all happening and, and my family was deathly ill, I hit the ceiling and I found these mycotoxins. And of course later while we were outta the house, they broke in and I hit it again and there was a big brush strokes of some chemical that was invisible. They painted over it. So, oh, they have every way to try, try to get rid of you. And then there is the secrecy agreement, which is their weapon. Anybody for example, MK Ultra people involved in that. If they signed a CIA secrecy agreement, they will sit them down and they'll say, this is what you signed and agreed to. If you reveal anything classified, whether you like it or not, you're gonna be charged and you're gonna go to prison.


And that's the weapon of fear. They tried to use that on me, didn't work 'cause I answered to a higher authority. But they've used it down through the years to silence people from coming out with some of these perverse and illegal operations. So essentially the people just value their temper, their freedom and they just go, okay, I'm just gonna play along with the deep state. Yeah. And and a lot of these people go in and they have families to support. It's their health insurance, it's their retirement, You know, and if they, if they don't play by the rules, they lose all of that and they're financially destroyed, which they of course tried to do to me also. And then they have an entire procedure they've developed over the last 40 years since Gary Webb even up, You know, the story of Gary Webb. They destroyed his career, ruined his journalistic career, his lost his marriage, his finances, and then wound up in a hotel room with two bullets in his head because he reported on CIA drug running.


And he wrote the book Dark Alliance. That is a classic case of how the CI will, their, their, their most favorite form of assassination is pushing someone to suicide. And then that gives them the doctrine of plausible deniability. And that comes from National Security Council directed ten two in 1948 where the CI can do anything it wants sabotage, subversion, economic warfare, assassination. It can do anything it wants as long as there's plausible denial for the US government, they can deny any involvement. The CI can do anything it wants. Now imagine that with their 39 billion plus budget and the power of secrecy they have, the things that they have done and are doing are unconscionable.


Let's talk about Julian Assange because it has been reported many times. Sucker Carlson has said this many times that a Mike Pompeo did call for his assassination, which is just shocking to hear that. Yeah. It was Shocking. Yeah. What is it about Julian Assange that motivated them? I mean obviously WikiLeaks, he created WikiLeaks, he had all these documents. What was in the documents that you think caused the deepest fear for the deep state? Well, the deepest fear, of course, was the emails that he revealed between the Department of State and other officials and some of the dirty deeds that they were doing. Of course there's the videotape of them killing those innocent people too, of which were reporters and photographers. What the CIA fears is exposure.


And, and Julian Assange was starting to expose the whole thing and which jeopardizes the CI's existence, which it will, as I mentioned, will do anything to keep from happening. So Julian Assange's public enemy number one because he challenges the system of secrecy and that's where their power is. That's why he's such a hero, frankly. That's why people love him so much. 'cause he stood up in their face and he said, this is what you're doing. And he showed everybody just the tip of the iceberg really what they're doing. And, and, and they will not have that. It is shocking that there are people who still believe. And, and, and, and obviously I think now it's a smaller fraction of people than it was before, but who genuinely believe that there is not propaganda in the West and that they're educated when they read the New York Times and they are educated about issues, you know, historical and present because they're reading the Washington Post and they're a part of this sort of elite people who know not to be, not to give into misinformation and disinformation.


And even the over usage of those terms, obviously to me feels just like a, a project Mockingbird, You know, conspiracy theorists and, and things of that nature. Yep. And it's, it's like how much information could there be out there before these people are willing to accept that your government is lying about virtually everything, virtually Everything, Virtually everything in a small group of elites run the entire world. In my viewpoint. Yeah. Yes. And and even Pompeo said he told Bobby Kennedy's a friend of mine, and matter of fact Bobby was, was kind of encouraging me to write this book. Pompeo told, told Bobby Kennedy after he came out, he regretted not doing the reforms that the CIA needed.


Well, not only did he not do them, he insti instigated and, and carried out an assassination program. So the, this is the way that it works today, one of several ways. One, one is for example, Google the CIA funded along with DARPA and NSA, what was called the massive digital data system or MDDS, which was a massive system of surveillance to gather up all the information on everybody in America on the internet backbone, and then be able to collate that into birds of a feather, identify groups that were maybe threatening to the US or what have you. Well, what Larry Page and Sergio Bryn did was they, after it was done, they took MDDS out and they turned it into Google.


So Google is using the MDDS background developed by the C-I-N-N-S-A and darpa. That is what Google is now. And you can see how they're censoring conservative speech and they just censored my interview, great interview with with Ken Matthews simply because we're talking about this sort of thing. So, but there's a quid pro quo amongst, even now between the editors of these major news networks, especially C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C, and even even some conservative news networks, where as long as they do not do any investigation of the CIA and report anything negative about the CIA, the CI will leave them alone and they'll actually feed them stories from anonymous sources, feed them stories, so they'll be the first ones to break it.


The moment that any outlet really does an investigation to the CIA, that that is cut off immediately and the agency starts putting out disinformation about that network. And any journalist like Gary Webb who dares to investigate the CIA, they'll be fired. Their career will be ruined. And they all know it. And when you think about it, when's the last time you saw any major mainstream media news outlet do a serious investigation of the CIA? Maybe never. Well, there's a reason for that. They know that their survival and their career depends on not doing that. And that's why the new programs, yours and others, they didn't co they didn't count on people like you and, and, and me coming out and saying, this is what they're doing.


And now with with new news programs, they're freaking out. Yeah, They are. And you can see they're starting to have that conversation about podcasting and misinformation and how are we gonna get a wrangle on this and Right. But I think it's, it's just gonna be very difficult for them, especially within America because too many people are awake now. Right. And what we've been able to prove is they will find that information, they'll go around, If you ban me from YouTube, they're gonna find me on Spotify. You ban me from Spotify, they'll find me on Apple. Yeah. Yeah. So one of the things that we got a lot of people asking me to ask you about was Benghazi. Now before we get there, and you guys please just allow me to get through this, I do want to read this to my audience, I'm gonna skim through it. But it was a speech that Mu Mar Gaddafi gave it, it was this at the 64th UN General Assembly in 2009.


Major, major piece of my own awakening, having read this and realized suddenly that I have no idea what the hell our government is ever doing overseas. And virtually everything they've told us has been a lie. So I'm gonna get through this skimm through this speech, get his reaction on it, and then we're gonna kind of go through everything that Muammar Gaddafi brings up. Now I wanna be very clear here. I don agree with everything in the speech. Actually. This speech I think really is more questions than answers. And just to kind of put it in context for you guys listening, essentially he, he's standing up before the General Assembly in in 2009 and just saying, why are we pretending that the United Nations is about giving all of the nation's equal power, when really we know that just a few nations have any power here and it's the UK and it's the United States and it's Israel and everyone else is kind of just playing Pretend.


Okay, so we start speaking about just the UN charter in general, the preamble of the charter states that armed force shall not be used save in common interest. That is the preamble that we agreed to and signed. And we joined the United Nations because we wanted the charter to reflect that. It says that Armed force shall only be used in the common interest of all nations. But what has happened since then? 65 Wars are broken out since the establishment of the United Nations and the Security Council 65 since their creation with millions more victims than in the Second World War. The preamble also states that if armed force is used, it must be a United Nations force. Since the establishment of the United Nations in 1945, if there is an act of aggression by one country against another, the entire United Nations should deterrence stop that act.


If a country Libya, for instance, were to exhibit aggression against France, then the entire organization would respond because France is a sovereign state member of the United Nations and we share the collective responsibility to protect the sovereignty of all nations. However, 65 aggressive wars have taken place without any United Nation, United Nations action to prevent them. We are 192 nations and countries and we are like the speaker's corner in London's Hyde Park. We just speak and nobody implements our decisions. We are mere decoration without any real substance. At present, the Security Council is security feudalism, political feudalism for those with permanent seats protected by them and used against us.


It should be called not the Security Council, but the Terror Council. We should not live in the shadow of this. Injustice and terror superpowers have complicated global interests and they use the veto to protect those interests. For example, in the Security Council, they use the power of the United Nations to protect their interests and to terrorize and intimidate the third world, causing it to live under the shadow of terror from the beginning. Since it was established in 1945, the Security Council has failed to provide security. On the contrary, it has provided terror and sanctions. 65 wars have broken out either fighting amongst small countries or wars of aggression waged against us by superpowers. American presidents used to threaten us with all manner of weapons, saying that they would send us desert storm grapes of wrath, rolling thunder and poisonous roses.


For Libyan children, that was their approach. American presidents used to threaten us with operations such as Rolling Thunder sent to Vietnam. Desert Storm sent to Iraq. Musketeer sent to Egypt in 1956, even though America opposed it. And the poisonous roses visited upon Libyan children by Reagan. Can you imagine one would've thought that presidents of a large country with a permanency on the security council on the right of veto would've protected us and sent us peace. And what do we get instead? Laser guided bombs carried to us on F1 11 aircraft. This was their approach. We will lead the world whether you like it or not, and punish anyone who opposes us. Another matter that should be voted on in the General Assembly is that of compensation for countries that were colonized so as to prevent the colonization of a continent, the usurpation of its rights and the pillaging of its wealth from happening again.


Why are Africans going to Europe? Why are Asians going to Europe? Why are Latin Americans going to Europe? Is because Europe colonized those peoples and stole their material and human resources of Africa, Asia and Latin America, our oil, minerals, uranium, gold and diamonds, the fruit, the vegetables, the livestock, and the people and use them. Can we trust the security Council or not? Can we trust United Nations or not? We must look into and investigate the bombing of Somalia. Somalia as United Nations member state, then there is the former Yugoslavia. No country was as peaceful as Yugoslavia constructed, step by step and piece by piece after being destroyed by Hitler. We destroyed it as if we were doing the same job as Hitler.


The invasion of Iraq was a violation of the United Nations charter. It was done without any justification by superpowers with permanent seats on the security council. Iraq is an independent country and a member state of a general assembly. How could those countries attack Iraq? As provided in the charter, the United Nations should have intervened and stopped the attack. There was a total massacre or genocide, more than 1.5 million Iraqis were killed. We want to bring the Iraqi file before the International Criminal Court, the ICC. If the court is unable to accommodate us, then we should not accept it. Either it's meant for all of us, large or small, or we should not accept it and we should reject it. The wars that took place after the establishment of the United Nations, why did they occur?


Where was the Security Council? Where was the charter? Where was the United States? United Nations? There should be investigations and judicial intervention. Why have there been massacres? We can start with the Korean War because it took place after the establishment of the United Nations. How did a war break out and cause millions of victims nuclear weapons could have been used in that war. Those who are responsible for causing the war should be tried and should pay compensation and damages. Then we come to this Sue's Canal war of 1956. That file should also be opened. Three countries with permanent seats on the security council. With the right of veto in the council attacked a member state of this general assembly and a country that was a sovereign state. Egypt was attacked, its army was destroyed. Thousands of Egyptians were killed and many Egyptian towns and entities were destroyed.


All because Egypt wanted to nationalize, nationalize the canal. How could such a thing have happened in the era of the United Nations and its charter? There were 3 million victims of that war. During 12 days. More bombs were dropped than during four years of the second World War. It was a fierce war and it took place after the establishment of the United Nations. Then there was the war in Granada. The country was invaded even though it was a member state. It was attacked by 5,000 warships, 7,000 troops and dozen of military aircraft. And it is the smallest country in the world. This occurred after the establishment of the United Nations and the Security Council and the president of Grenada. Mr. Maurice Bishop was assassinated. How could that have happened with impunity regarding Afghanistan?


Who says that if the Taliban form a government, they would possess intercontinental missiles or the kind of airplanes that hit New York? Did those airplanes take off from Afghanistan or Iraq? No, they took off from American airports. So why is Afghanistan being struck? The terrorists were not Afghans or Taliban or Iraqis. Why are we silent As president of the General Assembly? Mr. Ali Treki should open an investigation of the assassinations files in addition to the war files who killed Patrice Lumumba and why? We merely want record of it. We want to know how an African leader, a liberator, came to be assassinated who killed him. We want our sons to be able to read the history of how Patrice Lumumba the hero of Congo's liberation struggle was assassinated.


Then there is the assassination of the United States President Kennedy in 1963. We wanna know who killed him and why. There was somebody called Lee Harvey Oswald, who was then killed by one Jack Ruby. Why did he kill him? Jack Ruby and Israeli killed Lee Harvey Oswald, who killed Kennedy. Why did this Israeli kill Kennedy's killer then? Jack Ruby, the killer of the killer of Kennedy, died in mysterious circumstances Before he could be tried, we must open the files. The whole world knows that Kennedy wanted to investigate the Israeli nuclear reactor. This involves international peace and security and weapons of mass destruction. That is why we should open this file. Then there is the assassination of Martin Luther King and the black reverend and human rights activists.


His assassination was a plot and we should know why he was killed and who killed him. Why is it that Iraqi prisoners of war can be sentenced to death When Iraq was invaded and the president of of Iraq was taken, he was a prisoner of war. He should not have been tried. He should not have been hanged when the war was over, he should have been released. We want to know why a prisoner of war was tried. Who sentenced the president of Iraq to death? Is there an answer to that question? We know the identity of the judge who tried him as to who tied the noose around the president's neck on the day of sacrifice and hanged him. Those people wore masks. Do you know what people are saying? They're saying that the faces behind those masks were the president of the United States and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom and that it was they who put the president of a rock to death.


Why don't those executioners executioners not unmask their faces? Why do we not know their ranks? The United Nations is duty bound to answer these questions. This is unprecedented in the history of war. It was sodomy and it was an unprecedented sin never before committed by past aggressors or invaders. Prisoners of war are soldiers, but these people were raped in the prison by a state, a permanent member of the security council. I mean, he just goes on and on and goes through all of these things and then ends it by asking about viruses. He says, today there is a swine flu. Perhaps tomorrow. Tomorrow there will be a fish flu because sometimes we produce viruses by controlling them. It is a commercial business.


A capitalist companies produce viruses so that they can generate and then sell vaccinations. This is very shameful and it is poor ethics. Needless to say, mu mar Gaddafi was then murdered and sodomized. He basically write there, signed his death warrant and he probably knew this. But the, the organization be behind all of that. If most, if not all of that is three letters. CIA covert operations and Kaddafi was even trying to reach out to the United States and establish relationships. And he was giving us intelligence.


He was acting as an intelligence gatherer for the CIA and the US government. That was his first fatal mistake in terms o of the shadow government. The the CIA's covert action arm. The second was he decided he wanted to nationalize his currency and no longer be bound to the US or the US STA standard or the US dollar. And that was the beginning of his end. That is a classic case of a CI covert operation with plausible de deniability to get rid of a leader that was not playing by the rules and and not doing, handing over its minerals and its oil, which are usually involved and then then getting rid of the US dollar as the currency.


And in the terms of the dark side of our government, he had to go Brief interruption to remind you guys, the Fed has dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends. And American Financing now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, and even childcare. With credit card rates being so high, that debt can get very expensive. But with mortgage rates finally dropping, now is the perfect time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of over $800 a month. They're even closing sum and as fast as 10 days. If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210.


Again,


that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay, I wanna slow down what you're talking about in terms of the currency 'cause this is a really important element of people needing to understand how these wars get started. So Libya, obviously African Nation, MUA Mar Gaddafi was the head of it. You are correct. He was very much cooperating with the United States, cooperating with the West. And suddenly he starts to realize that this is not even power, this cooperation is not even stands before the un. He was a member of the state of the United Nations and starts asking questions. And basically Libya was on the up and up with him as a leader. But when you say he wanted to nationalize the currency and to no longer be subject to the US dollar, what do you mean by that?


What I mean by that is he would no longer be under the thumb of, of the US and the US currency and being controlled by the US dollar and, and Wall Street, which is of course the CIA's right arm. All of those knew that that was gonna cut off their power if he nationalized his currency, which he had every right to do. But it was gonna cut off the US' major power, especially the CIA's major power, which, and they were communicating with him, which they had over him. And that was his death nail. And of course, once again, plausible denial. And that national security directive, ten two in 1948, as long as the US government could deny killing Kaddafi, of course he was a madman.


That was the term. And that he wasn't killed by the US or the CIA. He was killed by his own rebels. Who, who took him out because there was a revolution. No, as a matter of fact, the, the Gaddafi regime and Hillary Clinton was in large part behind this. But the Gaddafi regime is now turned into a terrorist state. The CI seems to have a track record of doing that, staging a coup, and then turning that country, that area in into a terrorist nation. We, they created Al-Qaeda in Afghanistan. The Taliban, of course now has all of our arms and, and weapons they created in Sono in Indonesia is a horrible one. President Sno was communicating with John F. Kennedy and for the first time they, they wanted a Muslim and American Union.


And Kennedy was gonna visit Sono. The CIA staged de coup overthrew President Sno. And it resulted in the death of, of, of 500,000 to a million Indonesian civilians. Do you think people forget that sort of thing? No, they don't. So over and over in Iraq, which was based on false intelligence, and yet they gave George Tenet the presidential medal of freedom for doing it in Iraq. We created isis, we created the so-called moderate free Syrian army, which ha has in their declaration to establish a global Islamic c Cate. The CIA created them. And the old, probably the oldest example, most, most powerful one I think is Iran.


Iran decided a democratically elected government decided that, well, we're giving our oil for free to the United States. And and why are we doing that? I mean, we wanna provide for our own people. We wanna nationalize our oil. So they did. And the CI immediately went in staged a coup overthrew the democratically elected government put in the puppet Shaw who was, had a few decks missing, a few cars missing from his deck, rather he was just a puppet and they knew it. So they overthrew him. And now what do we have? The chief state PO state sponsor of terrorism in the world. And it all started back with the CIA's coup. Then we look at Ukraine, if I may, John Brennan was making former CIA director was making secret trips to Ukraine in 2014.


And he helped organize and stage the coup. He wasn't the only one. McCain was, McCain was all in there and Lindsey Graham. And now he changed his spots. As soon as McCain died, Lindsey Graham became a, a Trump supporter. So what's going on with him? That's a, that's a, a big question. But they overthrew a democratically elected government, put in Zelensky, the CIA's puppet, violate an agreement that the United States had signed with Russia, that we would not have a NATO ally within a certain distance from their border. We signed that America signed that. Well Ukraine comes out with the sponsorship of the CIA and says, well we want Ukraine to be part of NATO and provoked that whole thing.


And just like when the CI went behind JFK's back through Alan Dulles put us on the verge of nuclear annihilation. Here we are back again. The ci i stages a coup puts in a puppet. Russia tries to defend itself. And I'm not justifying Vladimir, Vladimir Putin. He's a, he's murdered a lot of people, but provoked Putin to come in. And now we're once again, we're on the verge of nuclear annihilation just like the CIA did with the Bear of Pigs under JFK, the CIA does not care about human life. It doesn't care about peace at all. It cares about winning and perpetuating and expanding itself. And that's not an exaggeration. And really what it comes down to is again, that that petrodollar when you have, if, if they can't control your nation, they're just going to collapse it.


And that should be very clear to everyone. If you look at the pattern of the nations that tried to just have their own currency, suddenly we went to war with these people. They were told that their leaders were terrorists. I mean it's a very clear pattern of that happening. Exactly as soon as they start speaking about it. And So I knew that that war was coming as soon as the Bris nations started to say, oh well you know what? Okay, we're just not gonna play ball with America anymore. And they begin sanctioning Russia. A very important piece of history actually that people don't know is obviously we armed the insurgents, caused the uprising in Libya. Obviously he did sign his death warrant with this speech, said way too much and they needed to make sure that he was, the speech never really made its way to Americans.


Right, exactly. But when he was killed, they did record him on tape being sodomized and that tape was sent around the world. And it is a matter of history that one individual who watched that tape apparently on repeat over and over and over again was Gaddafi's friend of Vladimir Putin. And I believe that might have been the single greatest contributor to Vladimir Putin saying, I will never trust the west again. Because he watched somebody who played with the west, follow the west rules and then basically called them out for basic unfairness and then was murdered in such a graphic way.


And That's exactly what happened. Hmm. And you, If you remember Putin's speech that he came out, I think it was two years ago, decrying the moral depravity of the west and how the west had sunk morally into depravity and the US government had become this master of the world and, and that Russia was not gonna degrade itself morally. It, it essentially, Russia is 80% Christians I think, or orthodox Christians. And he was decrying the, the moral decay of the United States. So Vladimir Putin, his CIA enemy numeral Uno because he won't play by the rules and he knows them. He knows how they operate, he knows the number of things that they have done. So what does the CI have to do with plausible deniability?


They have to get rid of Putin any way they can. Any way they can. And they put us, as I mentioned earlier, on the verge of nuclear annihilation again. Right, Exactly. And so when we talk about the fact that then you think about, okay, we violated what our prior promises and guarantees that NATO would not expand one inch eastward, whatever, we just do whatever we want. And now they're really testing him. You've got Zelensky who's obviously a puppet to the west and doing whatever they want. Kill, you know, mass killing all these Christians. Which is another element of this I think that is that we're always attacking strong Christian nations. That's right. Which begs the question, what's really going on? Because we get to Syria and nobody knows what the hell America is doing in Syria.


And we're told that Assad is a terrorist and but If you listen to what Assad is saying, he is saying that Israel and America are mass murdering Christians. And you look at all of these old Christian nations and suddenly you're going, why are all of these old Christian nations exactly. Constantly being attacked and we're being told Exactly stories that just don't make sense. What is the United States and Israel doing in Syria? What is the answer to that? Yeah, why Christians, I remember the Soviet Union made a statement that we could control all of our entire population except the Christians and they had to put them in prison and in gulags. And I remember 1994 when I was in the CIA, we ordered into a conference room we all filed in, there's about 30 of us.


And our division chief starts off by saying, now don't get mad at me, I'm just the messenger. This comes down from the director of the CIA. You can no longer say Mer Merry Christmas in any CI office space. You cannot have a major scene on your desk or on your door or you will face administrative penalties. And the sad part was only two of us, our jaws dropped. Like what? And the CI was actively against Christians and they used DEI as a method to suppress 'em. And I remember it was Christmas Eve and I walked out, You know, I thought about this, prayed about this overnight. And I said, oh no, you don't. So I walked out on, on New Year's Eve and I turned around to everybody and I said, goodnight. And by the way, Merry Christmas.


I'm like, you know, there is a line you don't cross. Well there was an outrage from the, the CAI populace and as as evil people always do, they, when they got, they got resistance, they backed off and said, well nevermind. You know, but it has been Christianity because the Christians are the only ones that will not answer to tyranny. We believe in God in a higher power and we will not be manipulated by a tyrannical regime. And that's why Christians are despised around the world, including in this previous administration. My goodness. And going back to Obama, how they attacked Christians and eliminated the religious freedom post at the Department of State and on and on and on it went. But that's the reason. And even in Iraq, if once I began examining things through the lens of Christianity, things got very interesting.


Like just things that we do historically. The people that were killing some of these old, the oldest Christian villages in Iraq, completely obliterated by the United States that what's going on right now in Aja Bajan, which is crazy. Oh gosh. Because you have Israel supplying the arms to murder Christians. It's always Christians that are being mass murdered. And it's why I absolutely refuse to ex to support what's happening. I never, I'm not going to allow Russia, no excuse for it. You don't have to support Vladimir Putin. But I will not support the mass killing of Russian Christians. No Excuse for it. And You know, Hiroshima was the only city in Japan that was largely a Christian city In Nagasaki. They dropped that bomb 300 Feet. And these were innocent people that had had nothing to do with the war.


And the Japanese had already started brokering a surrender. They'd witnessed a nuclear blast. They were terrified and they wanted to work through peace negotiations. Were in the middle of that when they dropped the bomb on innocent people, which I think most students in their history books, they don't hear that part. But once again, it's this monstrous global juggernaut of the CIA and the shadow government. And in the book we're, we're making the case for reforming the CIA, redoing the National Security Act of 1947 and eliminating the CI's covert operational authority entirely and turning that sort of thing over to the DIA where it used to be and and eliminate the CI's unbridled power and their use of, of secrecy to basically manipulate our elected government.


Most of the time when a company says free, they really mean see the fine print. There's no shortage of ads from the big wireless carriers offering the latest iPhone for quote unquote free. But If you look deeper, you'll realize to qualify you need to trade in your phone valued at a thousand dollars. You will need to be on the a hundred dollars a month unlimited plan and pay the $35 activation fee. That's a lot of money for a free phone. Don't fall for it. PureTalk, my cell phone company has a better option. Get a brand new iPhone 14, which has all of the bells and whistles that you need. Plus you get unlimited talk texts and 15 gigs of data and a mobile hotspot all for 50 bucks a month that is half the price of the big guys. And you get a new iPhone powered by America's most Dependable 5G network. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens today. Switching is very easy. Plus when you go to PureTalk dot com slash owens, you'll get an additional 50% off your first month. That's PureTalk dot com slash owens. Again, PureTalk, America's wireless company.


So what's really interesting is I think people around the world think, believe that Americans are somehow not suffering as well. I mean we are seeing the complete decline of our nation. Yeah, you can see this everywhere, the education system. And I really think that America is just a slave state. It's like we have a lot of bodies they can send people to die overseas, like I said. And nothing is getting better here. Nothing has gotten better here, in my opinion, since the establishment of the United Nations. So it begs the question, what nation is on the incline? What nation is actually a thriving because of this globalist environment? I don't understand. If no place is getting better, why is the CIA intent on destroying everywhere?


That's fantastic question. When the CIA was created in its charter and Truman later regretted, as You know, that's in our book, he regretted creating, it said it was casting a shadow over our freedom. He deeply regretted even creating it. But in the CIA's charter, it gives then unbridled authority to C to to do covert operations, supposedly accountable to the president, which they never are. And using the doctrine of plausible denial, which existed when I was there, the CI can do anything it wants to any country and any person as long as the government isn't blamed for. And they do, they do all of that. So it's, it's a monstrous juggernaut.


And when they did the National Security Act of 1947 and especially the National Security Council directive ten two, they opened Pandora's box to the CIA and the devil came out and the CIA became this massive murderous organization. I think last estimate. They've been responsible for the death of 7 million people around the world. This, our CIA has done that. And it's time for that to stop. It's time for that, that part of the CI to be removed. I think they should keep the director of intelligence and the other, the other ones that Truman intended. But that the CI's covert operational authority needs to be eliminated entirely. And that's what I'm pushing for and proposing and as well as Bobby Kennedy and others.


And that has to be done 'cause it is a monstrous, wicked evil organization that has a secret budget with our tax dollars that is killing, murdering people and overturning democratic governments. Time to stop. So I'm gonna ask you a question. What there are all of these CIA black sites? There are, I mean, area 51 would would be be a place that we have no idea what goes on there. We also know Diego Garcia. What goes on at these places? Oh, Diego Garcia is a very secret facility. Of course we're there, intelligence is there. Certain sectors of the military are there, but nobody knows what they're doing at Diego Garcia in terms of the public, it just sits there doing the intelligence is communities bidding.


And of course recent reports have come out about Diego Garcia's possible role in the Malaysian flight three 70. And its utter disappearance in my view there. There were onboard Malaysian, you may know this Flight three 70 onboard were a, a company that, that had engineers that were developing chips that could function at room temperature, super compute at room temperature, extremely valuable technology to defense and and intelligence. They were on that plane and we mentioned before, I think you have interviewed somebody on this, they finally released some of the footage of the, of the aircraft before it disappeared.


And there's objects rotating around the plane changing its course and then poof, it's just gone. Hmm. No wreckage. And the wreckage they claim they found an ocean away wasn't even from that flight. So there's something that really needs the American people to look into and maybe this new administration to get something. I think something really nefarious happened there. Mm. I think that the government has technology that we couldn't even imagine. They do. Yeah. And that they do. That's what all of these bases are meant to protect. And that brings me to NASA because I fell on a dark hole looking into the origins of nasa. And I'm not kidding when I say they're satanic. It's like, it's not like I think people say something they think when we say, oh it's Satanic. Like we, we mean this in sort of a light way.


But it's no like they were doing satanic chance as they established the Apollo program. This Skyjack Parsons was following a dark art known as the Lima Alistair Crowley sex cults. It's very, very dark. And I know that following the Korean War, because I've looked into MK Ultra, you had people in the military that came back and were saying that it was the first time that we had engaged in biological warfare and spraying the population. And a lot of people now wonder, and you hear people say that the sky doesn't look the same as it, it looks when I grew up.


And we don't really know what NASA does, we just know, well we went to the moon, so it's okay that they're taking billions and billions of dollars. 'cause we, we, 1969, we went to the moon. Yeah. Do you think that biological warfare, like a piece of that could be executed on even like our own population? And we're just theorizing here? Obviously I have no proof of that, but it's a conversation people are having And they need to have that because if they think it's in the interest of perver preserving the United States and it's the upper levels of the national security state. We're in a post constitutional government. We are now under a national security state, which will perpetuate itself at all costs. If it came down to spraying Americans, I think they did that to Army troops back during, around the time of Mkt alter, they sprayed a bunch of American troops with a bio weapon.


Of course, the base we were on, they buried chemical weapons, mustard gas and other things. So yes, they have been doing that. And, and You know, I have to agree too, because I remember, I've always been a, they used to call me a a sky person when I was working outside. 'cause I love clouds and I love the sky. The sky is not the way it used to be. Whatever conclusion you wanna reach, it's a mess with just trails everywhere. And oh, it's just trails from the condensation. Well wait a minute. Air, air, air, air engineering has improved, not gone backwards. And back in my day, they didn't put out all this stuff. Question mark, what's that all about? And I think people need to ask that question because it has changed.


But you can be, you can bet they have biological weapons programs in case they need them with the continuation of government or the COG program. Things get bad enough. They're gonna sacrifice the American people. And through the continuation of government, and I know a little bit about that, they will preserve the president, the CIA and some of the ma major leaders in some, some secret facilities so that the government continues while the American people are basically are left out like lambs to the slaughter. There's biological warfare, of course psychological warfare, which is taking place in our classrooms and on our children. Yeah. And I also believe a big element of the psychological warfare, I mean this is undeniable. Why, why on earth would the Pentagon have a budget for Hollywood films?


It's just like, yeah. They do things and they produce a Hollywood film. Yeah. And everyone thinks that they're seeing, oh, this is exactly what happened in World War II or exactly what happened True during World War I. True. And and this really gets back to, to Tavistock Institute. Yes. And the CI has its own media liaison office now, Hollywood Liaison Office. They literally wrote the CI did part of the script for the movie Argo. And they changed the, the facts. The facts were that it was the Canadian embassy that, that staged that program and got the hostages out. Argo makes it look like it was CI officers that were the heroes. Well, the CIA put that in there and kicked the Canadians out and they're still upset about it today.


That's a CIA propaganda program to make them look like the heroes. They're doing that all the time. Zero dark 30 Zero, dark 30. Those are, those are CIA coordinated productions. And because they want the CIA to look good because all it's bad is starting to come out now. So they're trying to put out a, you know, everybody loves a good spy movie, but they're trying to put all these things out, make an agency look like heroes and things like that. Listen, I've worked with case officers and chief of stations around the world and I can count on one hand, maybe even just two fingers, the two chief of stations that were actually noble people. The rest were lower than a snake, dishonest, immoral thieves.


They'd go out with prostitutes at night and just some of the most disgusting people you could, they weren't James Bond, I can tell you that. So no one presents that picture, of course in these scripts for these movies. But that's the reality of it. Okay. I'm gonna just now ask you about some world LE leaders in summation because there's just a lot of weird stuff going on. Justin Trudeau. I mean, he's just, it just seems to be so much a part of the state apparatus and really we saw during COD his ability to just completely squeeze goodness, the freedoms of the Canadians. Yeah. What's your viewpoint on him? Well, he's, he's more I think of, of has a communist leaning than even a socialist leaning, Hey, the guy's a tyrant, flat out tyrant.


And what a lot of people don't know is the RCMP ro, Royal Canadian Mounted Police are directly connected to the CR CIA and they work together and they work together in one case to, to cover up an airline crash. So people didn't know what really happened there. So that you got that part of the Canadian government that is directly conne connected to our shadow government. And of course Trudeau is their puppet. He he's become a tyrant. There's no question about it. And I know, I know a lot of Canadians. I I was on a, a program yesterday with a Canadian really upset with him and he's losing popularity fast and, but he's a deep stater from the word go. And as usual all about his career, you know, And Emmanuel Macron, France.


Boy, there's a lot of stuff about Emmanuel Macron. Now, what people don't know is, is France, when I was there and, and, and even now is one our, I think it's our number three espionage enemy. France has been spying on Americans for decades. And they've been putting French agents on aircraft behind businessmen to listen to what they're talking about with their business. So France has been hostile in terms of intelligence to the US the entire time. The stuff about Macron and his shady, strange past and of course his, his wife. I mean, there's stuff coming out that you just have to, you have to listen to what you have done. And I, and I've watched it all.


You, you can't discount the things that you have said and, and you know, I admire you. 'cause you've got the guts to come out with Pi Morgan and other people and just look, these are just the facts. We're just gonna say the facts attack us as you will. So France is a dirty government. Their, their intelligence is dirty. And, and I guess that's probably all I should say about that. And Zelensky, what's your take on Zelensky? Zelensky iss a puppet. He was a comedian. He wasn't even a politician. Matter of fact, he was kind of a, I wouldn't say pornographic, but a certain close to it. Comedian with no government experience, experience at all. But he was very popular as a com comedian. So he was the CIA's pick 'cause the people would, they would let him be put in office and, and Zelensky, he doesn't, he doesn't want peace.


Now he could, he could enter into peace anytime he refuses to, to enter into any peace negotiations whatsoever. And he is the recipient of the CIA's main vein, so to speak. And that's the military industrial complex that is pumping billions of dollars of weapons into Ukraine at using our tax dollars without our approval to pump up Zelensky. He keeps asking for more and more and more. Much of which I think, goodness gracious, 49 million so far is, is not accounted for. I think he's a crook personally. It's actually funny because now that I'm kind of weaving through everyone's genealogy, one of the things that kind of connects all of these people is that they were in like drama programs when they were young.


And that's the actor thing is very interesting to me. Like Emmanuel Macron was very much involved in like elite drama program, Zelensky as well, and Justin Point, Trudeau. And it's super interesting because I think that some actors are also agents and one person in particular, no one will ever convince me that this is wrong. I have absolutely no proof. So I will say that this is just my own theory. Sean Penn, I'm convinced, is a CIA agent, agent. I mean, he appears everywhere. He's always involved in all of these movies about what would be CIA operations. As soon as Ukraine happened, he is over there. He is meeting with President Zelensky. I am, no one will not convince me that Sean Penn is a CIA agent. And that would be very smart if you're gonna be producing these Hollywood films to tell stories, to have some of these people quite literally be trained actors that are also agents.


I mean, it's duplicitous, but it's such, I can carefully confirm that there are several actors that are CIA agents. Tell Us who Can't do that. Oh, I'm, I'm still trying to stay outta jail. Right guys? I am so right. I'm Trying my best to stay outta prison. Yes, I'm close. Well, we sold a ton of these books before, but we, we, wonderful. We actually need to sell a lot more of them. I know, guys that it went out of stock. I'm actually so proud that it actually sold out it first print. Thank you. Because you absolutely deserve all the success in the world. Thank you. That the fact that you just have the courage to do this and that you put your entire family's life at risk. So you guys go, do not walk, run to get this book, Twilight of the Shadow Government, How Transparency Will Kill the Deep State.


I believe that we are a part of that transparent effort, obviously with, If you look at the top of the Spotify and Apple Podcasts, you have people, Joe Rogan, me, Tucker Carlson, Theo Vaughn. And that's just because he's hilarious. He's not even overtly political, but willing to have these conversations. Amen. Where could people go to get this book Right now? They can go on amazon.com. They're, they're gonna restock it by December the seventh. So they're out right now. It's gonna be restocked by December the seventh. And, and this book was published without the approval of the CIA. And that's the calculated risk I took so that people will get the truth without it being stopped. And of course, my courageous co-author, Kent Hecken Lively, deserves some major kudos to writing the book with me.


So, and he was just banned from Australia, by the way. So join The club. Yeah, that's right. Yes. That's a badge of honor. I was, it is. Well you guys, you heard that you can head to Amazon, you can get this book, definitely own it. We wanna make sure that we, that we promote and support all of the truth tellers. 'cause we all feel that this awakening is upon us. And it's in large part thanks to the listeners like you guys. So we'll see you next time.