
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Happy Tuesday everybody. We're running just a couple of minutes late today because I had my last ultrasound before the due date. It's very exciting. Just a little over three weeks before I finally get to meet him. It's just the best time, just planning and just imagining the baby's face. Anyways, what do I have today for you guys in the news? Well, I had a fantastic conversation with Jillian Michaels. We are not traditionally on the same side of the spectrum. What does this mean? Was house inhabit right? Am I pivoting my brand? Also, I spoke with Howie Mandel. I'm gonna tell you guys about that. First and foremost, a mystery of the day. A question If you will. Do you guys know who John J. Sullivan is from Malibu, California. John J. Sullivan. What about John J. Sullivan, Sr.


Yeah, You actually do know him. I'm gonna remind you. I'm gonna tell you how you know him. I'm totally going to blow your mind and send you down another unnecessary rabbit hole. So let's get started and Welcome back to Candace. She's Pivoting. It's a rebrand. I just cannot tell you guys, I genuinely feel like I'm in the middle of a well finance campaign to convince people that I've somehow changed my opinion to accommodate the left talkers are getting in on it. We're getting phone calls from the press every single day.


Like everybody's working on an article about Candace Owens pivoting. Everyone from obviously House inhabits, Jessica Reid Krause who we're gonna talk about a little bit because she was interestingly enough with none other than BB net and Yahoo yesterday at the White House. Also, of course the cut that woman had the same kind of an article hit piece about me to NBC all using the exact same language and like I said, working on the same sort of story about me. But actually I haven't changed any of my opinions. Obvi, If you guys are listening to the show, I have the same perspectives on BLM, the Me Too movements. I've brought into those opinions. Vaccines haven't changed, same person. So I'm wondering where exactly did the pivot occur?


And I'm thinking about it, I'm open to the idea of it and, and like I said, I did do Howie Mandel's show the other day as well as Jillian Michaels and I'll show you some of those fun clips. And I realized at least this, I've definitely changed. I think my positions have not moved, but I am completely done. I mean totally and completely done with the left versus right game in politics because it is now just so abundantly obvious that there is something much more sinister that is happening when we elect politicians. They're on a platform, they say this, they perform, they promise us this is gonna be the mandate. I'm gonna clean up DC and then we send 'em to DC and something happens, something magical happens and suddenly that magical thing is that really nothing they said they were going to do happens.


The world really is becoming a stage. Maybe it always was a stage. And like I said, it doesn't matter who you elect. So no, there's no pivot. Like I wish it was Kamala Harris. No. Okay. It does not matter who you elect. It seems to be the same thing that we see over and over again. Politicians selling out the people that voted for them. I think Dave Smith, you guys know I love the problem with Dave Smith is his podcast summed it up really well when he looked at just the last 30 days of politics and said this, take a listen. I couldn't imagine whoever else the director of National Intelligence was gonna be being better than Tulsi Gabbard.


I couldn't imagine whoever the head of the FBI being, being better than Cash Patel or whoever, the health secretary being better than Bobby Kennedy. But at the same time, you know, you got Tulsi King, you know, cheering on, leveling an apartment building, literally as they're saying to him, Hey, we traced the guy, this guy, we traced missile guy back to his apartment building where his girlfriend lives. So we leveled the building and she's sending like thumbs up emojis and saying, job well done team. I got, every time I hear from Cash Patel lately, it's never about the criminals in government anymore. This guy was on a goddamn media tour for two years.


Everything he ever said was that all, there's all these criminals in the FBI. We gotta get these people who committed all these heinous crimes against our republic. Not talking about that anymore today. Now he's talking about bringing down drug dealers and sex traffickers. It's like, okay, but that's not what you were saying before. And Bobby Kennedy is out fighting the real health crisis, which is antisemitism. So I'm just saying, looking around the room, looking around the administration at this point, you know, I think we got the positives out of Donald Trump that we would get. But man, this all just points in such a bad direction and it's disappointing. It's just really disappointing. It's a, I knew I would be disappointed, but it is the level of a Greek tragedy that these guys had this mandate and this opportunity and they're just all up.


Yeah, you know what? Now that day Smith puts it that way, I feel like maybe it's not us that's pivoting, but it's them. Like there's just some magic pivot that happens when you get to DC and to build on that, may I ask the question, who the heck is controlling RFK Junior's ex account? Am I allowed to ask that question? Because I quite literally was so inspired by this man. So many people were obviously because he was a major piece of the puzzle in terms of bringing people to the center, which needed to happen. It needed to happen that all of us were brought towards the center so that we could recognize where the real evil exists, right? And it's not left versus right. It's not Republican versus Democrat. It's whatever the hell is going on in DC versus the rest of us. And so RFK Jr emerges as this candidate and the moms, oh my gosh, did he seize us?


Right? Because I was so inspired by his vaccine work, I quite literally chose not to vaccinate my children. No regrets on that by the way. We'll never discount him for that. I will never be petty and say that he did not do all of that work. But he did before he went into DC Magic Land where everybody changes their opinions. So inspired was I by RFK Jr. That I actually picked up the baton and did an entire podcast series called A Shot in the Dark, right? Because I wanted to spread the news, spread the knowledge so that parents could step away from these delusions of fear. You know, the the drug cartel that I speak about that exists in DC and it was his organization, children's Health Defense, that authored a book that was entitled The Measles Book.


Okay? The measles book, which set out to prove that healthcare had been traded in for profit. That's, that's essentially what the thesis of this book was. And this is a direct quote from that book ready because this is gonna be amazing. When you look at his tweet today or what he tweeted yesterday, he wrote as a forward, why have the benefits of the measles vaccines been exaggerated And the risks understated because these vaccines are a cash cow for an industry that long ago left behind the legacy of true public health pioneers. Like Dr. Jonas Salk, big pharma has devolved into nothing more than a government enabled cartel. CHD informs the reader that measles vaccines carries risks but only for the vaccines vaccine E and his or her family.


Big pharma is free of virtually all legal liability for damages from the vaccine's. Harms measles outbreaks have been fabricated to create fear that in turn forces government officials to do something. They then inflict unnecessary and risky vaccines on millions of children for the sole purpose of fattening industry profits. End quote, written by RFK Junior for Clarity, that was published in 2021. So less than five years ago. Okay, well 24 hours ago he did a magic 180 pivot. First he's saying they create the emergency to get you scared so you roll up your sleeves 24 hours ago.


This is what's happening on Secretary Kennedy. He's different from RFK Junior. Now this is now Secretary Kennedy on X. Look at this. Check out the second, the, actually the third paragraph here. He writes, in early March I deployed a CDC team to bolster. I thought we were sending him by the way, to like dismantle the CDC. Maybe I'm crazy but let me keep reading. In early March, I deployed a CDC team to bolster local and state capacity for response across multiple Texas regions, supply pharmacies and Texas run clinics with needed MMR vaccines and other medicines and medical supplies. Work with local schools and healthcare facilities to to support contact investigations and to reach out to communities, including faith leaders to answer any questions or respond to locations seeking healthcare.


Since that time, the growth rates for new cases and hospitalizations have flattened. The most effective way to prevent the spread of measles is the MMR vaccine. Ah, okay Secretary, that was Secretary Kennedy. Not to be confused with RFK Jr. Who we knew five years ago, who's authoring that book? I just wanna clarify that for you guys. And you ask yourself how is it possible, okay? You all wonder in your mind if Jessica Reed Krause's house inhabit is gonna be covering that pivot or if they're just going to continue to gaslight those of us who put him into office with a specific mandate to do more of what he was already doing outside of office. This gets into the conversation, the timely conversation that Ian Carol and I were having about blackmail.


I know you guys enjoyed that conversation. It is us telling you the truth, okay? The more you hang out in these circles, the more you learn which individuals there seems to be blackmail on. And RFK Jr is one of them. They have sexual blackmail on RFK Junior that was told to people in my circle and Jessica re Kraus knows that, okay, this is not something that I would say unless I was certain of this, of what they were fearful of coming out about him. Something that would be extremely embarrassing. And the question that I have now, when you look at these, this scandal after scandal of people who we send to DC and we believe in and instantly they do a 180, is how early do they begin collecting this blackmail?


Who are the players and the countries that are involved? Because I'm getting a little tired of believing that there is actually a deep state. I actually think the state is quite surface. It's kind of right in our face, right? It's pretty obvious. Speaking of which, and you're gonna find this to be totally crazy, okay? You know, I'd like to find and dig up old articles. Maybe you knew this. I'm gonna guess you didn't. 'cause I didn't. And it was one of those things where I was reading it, I was like, oh, you know, the Candace doing this, the face, I'm always just so shocked when I come across these things and I realize how little we know about how our government actually works. And this is regarding the person who visited the White House yesterday, BB Netanyahu, the person I think who was running the White House, by the way, he met with influencers while he was there.


Hmm? Who are they influencing and what are they influencing? What, who are they influencing or what are they influencing on behalf of? Rather, we know that Jessica Reid Kraus was there as mentioned because she posted a photo and we know Tim Poole was there. We know Dave Rubin was there, who has just become real shill in the most pathetic way. We know Guy Benson was there. Bethany Mandel and David Harris Jr. Go back to that photo, which was funny because people were sending me things going, didn't you used to work with David Harris Jr. He's been attacking you nonstop over the last week. I didn't even look at it because I'm so used to how fake everyone is. Just how fake and absolutely miserable doesn't matter.


I I, I don't even care. But I, I then love that someone was like, and here he is being featured on house half his wall and he's with Bibi net and Yahoo and that kind of locks some things into place. Anyways, fascinating group, right? Fascinating group that assembled there, but not nearly as fascinating as the man himself, Bibb net and Yahoo. Because like I said, what I'm about to show you is crazy. Look what I came across. Thank you to you guys who send tips to at Candace Owens dot com tips at Candace Owens dot com as well as you guys that tag me in everything. This is nuts. So this article was published in October of 1996. It's amazing that to find any of this information, we basically have to go back to the nineties because now the press is so controlled in America.


It's, it's ironic and hilarious that we think that we have a free press in America when we have gotten infinitely less free to talk about subjects without the entire media colluding to come down on you. So this was published by the way in the Washington report on Middle Eastern affairs and it was a special report entitled Spook Terrorist or Criminal America's Mysterious Files on Netanyahu. I said, okay, lemme read this. This is weird. So I'm gonna read you the relevant portion that blew my mind here. It says, Netanyahu has lived both in Israel and the United States. First grade in Israel, second and third grade in the United States, fourth through eighth in Jerusalem high school, in suburban Philadelphia military service in Israel, a BA and an ma at MIT.


He held dual citizenship, which enables him to travel freely between both countries. Study in the US receive federal loans to cover his education costs at MIT and work legally, like every US citizen, Netanyahu has a social security number, a credit account, and numerous other files in a variety of government offices. Okay? Nevertheless, Netanyahu's files differ from those of most US citizens. The Israeli weekly publication entitled Hi, that is a publication that is weekly out of Tel Aviv that reports that four requests for credit approval appear in the US social security file number.


And they gave the number of his social security under each request. One finds a different name. Benjamin Netanyahu, Benjamin Tai, John J. Sullivan, and John J. Sullivan Jr. One man four names Benjamin Netanyahu is the name Israel's current prime minister was given at birth in which he now uses in June of 1973. During his studies at MIT Netanyahu submitted a petition to the Boston Court asking to change his name from Netanyahu to Tai and ITAI quote, I prefer a shorter name. He wrote on the request form the petition was approved. Thus the second name has an explanation.


The last two names, however, remain a mystery. Furthermore, the address attached to these names somewhere in Malibu, California does not exist. Who then is John J. Sullivan, Israeli's, Biran, Goran and Aena Kovich from Hier tried to find out, they looked into Netanyahu's credit account. The file is supposed to hold information regarding bank accounts, loans, credit cards And so forth. Yet surprisingly, the file was empty. It is as if Netanyahu never had a debt, had never taken out a loan, and always paid his bills upfront and in cash.


Warren and Kovich then attempted to examine Netanyahu's social security file, but they were denied access. They did however, find out that Netanyahu's file has a different classification than most. They were denied access, not merely due to the 1974 Privacy Act, but because the file had a quote unquote confidential classification. Bo and Begovich have explained that such a classification only applies to five categories of people. Those who work for one of three federal agencies, the FBI, the CIA, the IRS or those who are considered to be terrorists or criminals.


Since it's unlikely that Netanyahu fits the latter two categories or that he worked for the IRS, it appears that he was on the payroll of a secret agency. The CIA or the FBI. Oh amazing. Okay, cool. Yeah, I didn't know any of that. I'm checking the chat here to see If you guys knew that Were aware anybody here come across John J. Sullivan as he was studying through the United States and working on the payroll of our state. Anybody aware of that as we keep pretending like there's a difference between the Mossad and the CIA as if we didn't all intrinsically know that with everything that has been uncovered with everything that we're learning about the 1960s with all of the cross-contamination, with the way in which journalists completely worship and lie on his behalf, like we're just not allowed to criticize his entire state with the way that all of the presidents behave and bend to his will.


But this is quite shocking just being given a different name as you are moving through the United States School system. Why John J. Sullivan? Maybe somebody knew that. And Yahoo, listening to that and coming to that understanding and recognizing that no mainstream media person would ever report this. Does anyone actually believe that any administration that we vote for is going to defeat the deep state? Like I said, the state isn't even that deep. It's on the surface and it's laughing at all of us. Also, I'm beginning to realize that these multiple identities is something of a pattern that people and families who work for the government are given entirely different names and ideas and and identifications.


Pardon? So that they can move freely between different countries and literally create entirely different identities in terms of who they are. Like you know, Bibi net and Yahoo was just like owned a furniture store and now it's he's, he was like a politician when he was in Israel. This is perhaps why when we look back to Harley pastor Nick giving you guys a reminder in case you didn't see that episode where I explained why Kanye West engaged in an amazing act of bravery when he showed and potentially exposed the MK Ultra still in effect today amongst Hollywood stars to keep them in check and make sure they have the right ideas. This is why it's perhaps difficult to trace anything concrete regarding Harley Pastor Nick's potential familial connections to that original MK Ultra program.


Even though we were able to find out that he did work for the Canadian government, he worked for a program that allowed him to experiment on people's minds. The scholars just a gym trainer threatening to take Kanye back to La la land to drug him play dates with your kids just won't be the same. Does your trainer talk to you like that? I'm just asking questions 'cause you might need to go to a new gym if he does. Okay? Remember we were with Harley Pastic working to try to establish whether or not he was related to Walter Nik. Walter Nik was the CIA agent. Again, we found an old article who conducted horrific experiment as a part of the original MK Ultra program and he was called to testify.


Washington Post ran an article about how he was called to testify in Congress about those horrific experiments and he just no-show. Like that's pretty ballsy. Yeah, Congress is calling you to testify and you just no-show. And the reason likely is because he didn't wanna be photographed because Walter Nik was likely not his only name. Because when we went and we conducted some preliminary research, we could not find any pictures of Walter Pastor Nick miraculously, he worked for our government, he worked for the CIA, he was called to testify and we could not locate a single picture of that man. What does that mean?


It means he probably also had a super basic name like John Sullivan. I don't know. The only person that we could locate, by the way, with the last name Pastor Nick, that we could establish some kind of tie to the CIA with was a Soviet artist, okay? And a writer named Boris. Pastor Nick, here's Boris. Can you pull him up Skylar? It's picture Boris, pastor Nick here. His connection, this guy, he looks friendly, was quite odd actually. He wrote a book that the CIA decided to turn into a movie. You may have heard of it. It's called Dr. Shiva and it's a, yeah, a book that the CIA decided to use as Cold War propaganda.


That according to the History Channel, I'm on the History Channel website and it says, as reported in the Washington Post, what happened next is the subject of 130 CIA documents that were declassified at the request of Peter Finn and Petra Covey, authors of the soon to be published book the Shiva Affair. In January of 1958, British intelligence officials sent two roles of film with photographs of the book's pages to the CIA, according to subsequent internal memos, the agency's Soviet Russia division then began a mission to public Dr. Savago in Russian and to get it over the Iron Curtain and into the hands of Soviet citizens.


So it was published and became a big book as an effort, a propaganda. And speaking of that, the more you learn about the Hollywood and how our Pentagon as an entire office dedicated to Hollywood films, the more you should just dismiss that anytime you watch a Hollywood film, it's what actually happened in history. Like just don't even, we are so programmed. It's insane. And you really do just have to understand that they're running Hollywood, okay? They're running these movies, these movies, everything that you see is just not real. Okay? You, you are meant to process emotions to feel a certain way to support certain things. And many of us grew up thinking that it was something else.


And it's not. It's like the largest propaganda machine ever. We're fighting the media and it's not just the media that covers politics, it's the media that is produced when we come across a blockbuster film that compels us one way or the other. So what are we to make of all of this? Well, we should, we should recognize that I've got a lot of rabbit holes to go down. So do you guys, be sure that If you come across anything like this, you're coming across an article from 1970s as your grandma photocopied it. I guess you couldn't have photocopied it in the 1970s, but somehow you've got it. Please send it to us. Tips to Candace Owens dot com because I am, like I said, got a lot of reading to do and a lot of discussions to be had.


But it's going to take us left and right understanding that we've all been diluted and we've all been lied to. And we should want to seek this information to ask these questions and to figure out who or what is the hand controlling all of this. That's all I'm gonna say about that


topic. Alright, reminding you guys about PreBorn because you guys know when a woman faces an unplanned pregnancy, she's often pressured to end her child's life. She wants to make the right choice, but society and those around her are telling her the baby is not a life. That's where the ministry of PreBorn steps in PreBorn and their network of clinics offer compassionate and loving care to mothers as well as support that they need to help them choose life, including a free ultrasound. Because once a mother hears her child's heartbeat, she's twice as likely to choose life. You consider yourself to be pro-life. It's time to join forces with PreBorn. Together we can empower women to choose life empowering. The truth of motherhood transforms families and futures. One ultrasound costs just $28 and $140 will help to rescue five babies. When you donate monthly, you'll receive stories and pictures of the lives that you help to save. To donate securely, just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. That's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace


also telling you about Fatty 15, what a name, right? It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients keep our cells healthy, which keeps us healthy. Studies show that C 15 works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial function, and protecting us against damaging free radicals. The result better long term metabolic liver and heart health. Fatty 15 is a science-backed award-winning and pure C 15 supplement by replenishing our cells with that essential C 15 nutrient Fatty 15 effectively repairs our cells and restores our long term health. I 15 has three times more cellular benefits than Omega-3 or fish oil. This functionality leads to a myriad of exciting benefits now and as we get older, namely, improved metabolic liver and heart health, smoother functioning joints, steeper sleep and healthier hair, skin and nails and all that is very essential. It comes in a reusable glass jar and refill capsules are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches that are made from recycled materials. I 15 is on a mission to replenish your C 15 levels and restore your long term health. You can get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/ Candace and using code Candace at checkout. Again, that's Fatty fifteen.com/ Candace and use code Candace.


Alright, So I went to LA it is a godforsaken place. I really don't like being in la. I can't explain it. The vibes are not good. But I did experience good vibes when I went on the Julian Michaels. I've always been a fan of her, you know, because I, I absolutely love fitness, I love health and she has always offered that. And you know, has always been a person who used her platform to speak about the harms of movements that are not actually promoting health under the guise of wanting to keep you mentally healthy but not physically healthy. Physical health isn't you. You cannot extract that from your mental health. Anyways, she has a podcast called Keeping It Real with Jillian Michaels. And it was fun. It's always fun to sit down with someone who you are on the opposite side of the spectrum with when it's not hostile and you're just sharing information.


And I know I totally blew her mind about a couple of topics, but I wanted to show you this one clip with, because we were discussing George Floyd and I know that so many people that watch this show are like, I still disagree with you about George Floyd. And so here is a friendly banter between me and Gillian Michaels regarding that topic. Take a listen. He's crying for his Mother. Okay, Get the fuck off. I'm about to, I'm about to wake you up. Ready girl, I'm about to take you a red pill. Get off. No, no. He was handcuffed. He, I'm about to give you the red pill. You Almost air it sprayed The people in the crowd. Okay? Red pill, blue pill. You can, you only get one. Gimme the gimme the he I'm gonna hit you with the red pill. I want the red one. Have you ever seen the full arrest tape? No. You've only seen nine minutes that were sha on the side of the sidewalk by Darnella Frazier because the, the Minnesota prosecution locked down the full arrest tape from the officers.


Do you have you watch it, your home line is gonna explode. Okay, First and foremost, they tried to peaceably arrest this man. He clear very, it's very clear he ingested more whatever was in his car, you know, trying to get away with it. Whatever they peaceably put him in the back of a a cruiser, okay? And he says, I don't wanna be in the car because I can't breathe. I I have claustrophobia. The guys say, we just took you outta this car. What do you mean you have claustrophobia? Why are you acting funny? He asks the guy in the car who was with him, did he ingest something? Did he do something? George Floyd asks the police officer to put him on the ground himself, mama. Which the, the media didn't tell you they made you think that he was calling for his mom. It's not true, true. And there's a, there's a true and there no, there's a previous arrest of where he also calls for his mom where he survived, which was like from a month earlier because he was a repeat offender.


It's his mom thing. I, I'll never get that outta my head. They never showed you the, the, in the court case who testified and said, I'm mama. His white girlfriend was mama, okay? He was calling, come on. He was calling thousand percent facts. You added, they never, the media never showed this. It was so irresponsible. But it, her, his girlfriend testified and said that, you know, I'm mama. It's what they call each other affectionately. And obviously they were still in a relationship. And I just always think about and what we and her and I discussed is, had the media had been more responsible and just reporting on the facts, even If you came to the conclusion he'd still be alive today, even if he was, it was because he ingested something, there was something different Derek Chauvin could have done in the end.


We would not have been at each other's throats if these simple facts, at least in the way that we were, if these simple facts were introduced with more clarity, with more perspective, with an aim to actually be more honest and not just wanting to see people war, just war with one another, which is really what it came about. And I really strongly encourage you because you can now find that on YouTube. Encourage you If you have only ever seen the nine minute arrest tape for you to watch the entire thing, like go on YouTube, watch the entire thing because it will change your perspective on the media. And like I said to her, this, it should have been a story about drug abuse, opioid abuse, and things that would've brought Americans closer together because everyone knows about or has dealt with addiction in some capacity.


I believe So. I, I don I don't know a single person whose lives have not been touched by addiction in some capacity. Someone in their family, someone they love. And they, the media just never wanted that. And I, I, now I understand why that is. Anyways, we also got into Harvey Weinstein. So here is another clip from her podcast. There were so many women who spoke out like who actually put him in prison? What was the case? What was the story? And I went back after I spoke to him and I was like, he's gotta be guilty of something. And it blew my mind like how much the media can make you think you're getting information when actually you're getting nothing, you're getting nothing. They just like inundate you. This woman spoke out and she hates Harvey and he said he grabbed her butt and she said blah, blah blah.


None of these people brought us into the courtroom. They were just saying this at the same time. And the ones that brought it into the courtroom, they were getting their cases dismissed for very valid reasons 'cause they couldn't describe his penis, which is unique and one of a kind because he had gangrene and he had his balls removed. So they were all saying he made me fondle his balls. But Harvey Weinstein doesn't have balls. So one by one these women just got plucked outta the courtroom because they couldn't discover, they couldn't describe the fact they were describing to him. It didn't exist. He got gangrene in the nineties, which ended up being a lifesaver for him in the courtroom when all these women just wanted money. What it's a, the story is nuts or no nuts. Oh, I'm sorry.


Oh my God. Genuinely. It was such a fun discussion. You could find that over on her YouTube channel. And it is just refreshing for people who don't agree with things, to be able to have a conversation without wanting to kill one another. I think that that is just really refreshing. It's like we're stepping into a new era. So I wanted to promote that and to promote her podcast. She was so kind. Also, I went on Howie Mandel's podcast, which is entitled Howie Mandel does stuff. He hosts it with his daughter Jacqueline Schultz. I found out that he's been married for like 45 years. I think he's the only person in Hollywood that can say that they've been married to the same woman for 45 years. So that in and of itself is pretty big. But you can watch that as well. That's up on YouTube. Anyways, guys, I have to get to this story 'cause this is like, we're like beyond, beyond parody right now.


So, you know, last year when I was like getting super smeared, the New York Post came in and they were working with this organization Stop anti-Semitism and they, they named me anti-Semite of the Year, which is just crazy if you know anything about my background where I grew up and it, it's just crazy. Anyways, they're getting more aggressive in who they're going after and demanding and who they're accusing of being funded, funded by guitar. So in case you're not familiar, we have this woman on YouTube, I think she's got what, Skylar? 30 million subscribers, maybe 14 million subscribers. I gotta check right now. Her name is Miss Rachel. I know Miss Rachel because when you have a baby or a toddler, you know Miss Rachel, it's like one of the YouTube shows where she speaks to infants.


She's like, say Mama, mama. Literally this is what Miss Rachel does and she has amassed millions upon millions of people that turn that on for their babies and learn how to say Mama, she's a YouTube star. Well now the New York Post, this is a real headline in conjunction with Stop Antisemitism who they obviously work with are demanding that Ms. Rachel be investigated for spreading Hamas propaganda. Because as, as you might imagine, if If you dedicate your whole life to children and teaching and have a YouTube channel, then you're probably going to be upset about kids being blown up in the Middle East. And so on her Instagram, she didn't say anything radical first.


I'm just gonna show you her show so you understand the simplicity of her show, the person that they're now accusing you of being funded by guitar. Take a listen. Hi friends. Who wants to play a game? Oh, Elma does. Me too. Yeah, me three. Oh, what should we play Miss Rachel? Yeah, I know the perfect game. Let's play hide and see and you can play with us too. Yeah, that woman right there funded by Qatar stop antisemitism. But they are literally calling for the attorney general Pam Bondy to investigate her because they're essentially saying that she is colluding with Hamas.


Like this is a real tweet. Like it's, if you know Miss Rachel and you know her channel, we, like I said, have moved past parody like we are in a Will Ferrell skit. She promoted a starving child from Gaza. This is what they're charging her with the photo wa was a child who actually had cystic fibrosis. Well no, the child had cystic fibrosis and on top of that the child was starving. And so she promoted Hamas' false stat of 14,000 plus kids killed. I don't think that was a false stat. So I don't know like, but she's not allowed to talk about this. Lemme show you one of her posts that got her into trouble. She's like not allowed to post. You wanna pull up her Instagram? Yeah, she, she posted stop dehumanizing Palestinian children.


And so now Stop anti Simpson was after her. They want this woman canceled. Your kids will not be able to watch Elmo and her say Mama and dance at Sesame Street because they are calling upon Pam Bondi to deal with this, to deal with this woman to figure out how Qatar is funding this YouTube channel I guess or something. 'cause everyone I guess is being blamed for being funded by Qatar except for BB Netanyahu who's going through an entire trial right now because he allegedly got money via Qatar to Hamas because he, as they're alleging wanted October 7th to happen to so that as a pretext they could go to war. If you're following that trial at all, which our mainstream media is not, or if you're interested in following that trial, you can just literally pay attention to any publication in Israel Harts they publish in English and they'll tell you exactly what's going on.


It's called Qatar Gate. And the Western media has no interest in Qar at all. They have no interest in trying to find out whether or not Inet and Yahoo funded Hamas in order to have October 7th happen. That's just not interesting to them. They just want war with Iran. So disappointing, so disappointing. And like I said, Dave Smith really has, right? We are just to show, it's all a show. I mean we have Trump saying, I'm, I'm in communication with Iran. I don't want war with Iran. But also not mentioning that we're moving weapons to our CIA base Diego Garcia and sending a strong signal that we will go nuclear with Iran, which is obviously a mistake, but they don't care about our lives at all.


And we do have to at some point be willing to have a discussion about what's guiding this because it is being guided by religion largely people that believe that Netanyahu is going to usher in the Messiah. And we have tons of documents on that and people speaking about that. This is like they, they believe that this is everything that's going to happen is about the Messiah. And so they don't care what happens. They don't care who dies, they don't care how many of us have to die. The mission here is something that they feel is almost spiritual, but we don't won't have time to do a deep dive on that. I will get Ian Carol back on and we will do a deep dive on that because as I told you, I'm working for him to take over my show while I'm gong So I know that he will do it justice and we have very many rabbit holes to go down, which I'm excited about.


Anyways, you guys, before I get into reading some of your comments, I, which I'm dying to hear, let me tell you about American Financing because with everything that's happening in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky ground. We have prices that are high and it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder many people are relying on their credit cards. Credit card debt is actually skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. So if you're a homeowner, you don't have to face this uncertainty alone. My friends in American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home, help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people just like you are saving $800 a month with them, plus they may close your loan as little as 10 days. So do not let the chaos of your economy get the best of you.


Call American Financing now. It costs you nothing to get started and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. Call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens. All right, so we have this comment First and foremost from Toot me Scoot. I love that toot meco, what do you have to say? Yo, Candace and George? Any chance we could get some man Merch, the anti-feminist and make him a sandwich gear just wouldn't go over the same way if us dudes were to wear it. I actually think it would be really funny If you, If you, if a guy just wore a shirt that said anti-feminist or make him a sandwich, maybe not those colors.


We did drop some new colors though. Didn't we drop new colors? But maybe it still has the woman with the, with the arm on it. You're right. We gotta get some, some darker colors maybe 'cause the colors are a little bit effeminate. I will look into that. By the way, I definitely wanna shout out for those of you guys that have signed up on our website. Our website was built by Patmos. You might have seen, seen everything being revamped and their team, their team is amazing. So If you guys are looking for someone to host you, an alternative to the big hosting companies, multiple data centers and a US customer service base, Patmos provides tremendous value for all of your hosting needs and web development needs. If you're looking to do something independent, big tech's got you down.


You can discover why businesses save big and get better service when you switch to Patmos. So visit Patmos Tech to make the switch today. That's Patmos Tech. Okay, who else do we have in the comments section? Theo? Was that actually Theo Vaughn? Wow. Theo Bon is in the comment section. I was gonna play a prank on him for April 1st since I found he was my next door neighbor. Theo, if you're still watching, I was going to put Pikachu all over your yard because I'm still confused about your beef with Pikachu and you thought about him, you said, oh God, he's nasty and no one really understands why you think he's nasty. So I was just gonna put him in your yard. But I didn't do it. I resisted the urge. Nicholas Grimmy writes Candace look into Taylor's production inspiration on the Reputation album.


She said It's sonically inspired by the music and Game of Thrones. Who is behind the Dragons t or Ryan? Yes, some of you guys emailed me. And also the exact language. This is crazy. The exact language that Ryan puts in his message to Justin Baldoni about like what Taylor Swift and him are to Blake Lively. Taylor Swift also used it in a speech at NYU. Very strange. Okay, maybe Ryan wrote her speech. He's pretty controlling. I'm sure he just banged out a speech. Taylor Swift and he, she's like, I write music. I don't write N NYU U speeches. And he's like, I do scripts. Who knows. Also was in New York. Obviously she would've been staying with them. But I have to get all that together. I'll, I'll package a little update for you guys tomorrow on all things Taylor Swift and Dragons.


But the one thing that we did learn yesterday is that Ryan is a co queen. Okay? He's a queen. An opinion. I love that for a name writes, RFK Junior wrote the forward to vaccine whistleblower exposing autism research fraud at the CDC by Kevin Barry. He knows Dr. Thompson admitted it from the C, DC. Yeah. So who controls the CDC who controls big pharma who's earning money and would have stopped him from going on the mission and delivering on the mandate? That's the question that you have to ask yourself. And it's the same people who brought us all of the covid lies. That's the reality. And we know that they're tremendously powerful because they shut down effectively the entire world, the entire world on the basis of lies.


So let's not doubt what he's up against, but let's also have the courage to recognize that he sold out. You know, that is that, that's just what it is. And I'm sorry if that makes people feel like I pivoted at because I won't like become a NeoCon like, you know, and just tell you guys it's total, it's all part of a bigger plan. We're being sold out. But that's a part of an even bigger plan. Just wait until next month and you'll see that it's like, no, let's just call a spade a spade and recognize that we maybe perhaps stop half. We need to stop relying on government for solutions. Full stop. Shauna writes anomaly. I love anomaly. Actually it's one, he made my first video ever go viral. Had an interview with David Harris asking him to ask Trump the hard questions because he was close to the team.


David knows all the things he's attacking Candace for. He sold out to hang at Mar-a-Lago. It's like a running theme, like Mar-a-Lago is like, it's nice, been there a lot of times it's got good food, not enough to sell out and the food's not like that. Good. I'm sorry Trump, it's not, I'm just like, it's, but it's, it's like, you know, it's nice I guess Palm Beach but not enough to sell out. And I'm nine months pregnant and I still like, you know, I'm pretty hungry right now and I still would be like, nah, I gotta keep, I gotta keep my integrity intact. So I don't know. But that seems to be the theme. I just wanna be in the in crowd and they'll say whatever. But I just hope everybody recognizes that like when it all comes down they'll kill you too. Like I just wanna mention like it's just, you know when you get to the point where you have to like start saying that it's like cool for like innocent babies and children to die and you're like, well I'm in the crowd that's saying it so my innocent children and babies won't die.


No, that's not really how it works. Actually. One of the things that's hidden and in it's in a book that I read, I wish I could recall the author, Israeli historian, it might be Shlomo Sand, don't quote me directly, but I was reading and he was someone who was an Israeli historian, kind of defected from Zionism. And he's like, one of the worst kept secrets is that the person who established Israel was credited with it. Theodore Herzl said like, I'll kill a, like if we have to kill 2 million Jews or 4 million Jews, whatever he said to get Israel established as a state, then let's do it like then so be it. Okay, that's like, and I'm gonna find that quote for you.


'cause someone's gonna be like, that's not true. No, actually you said that. So I just also want you to know that like if you're Jewish and backing this up, they'll kill you too. Like ideally, like it's just, there's no one that won't, when you get to the level of I will kill a child and lie about it, you're at the level where I'll kill anybody and lie about it. Like there's a bigger thing happening here. So don't think you're like marked safe by being a sellout and pretending like you don't think that you know babies dying is wrong. Just wanna let you know you die too. Maybe they kill you last, but you're dying too. Okay. Just, just putting that out there. Okay, this person, Adele Q writes, expose that International criminal and genocide lover. No place for him at the White House Arabs for Candace. Are you talking about John J. Sullivan? Who are you talking about?


Are you talking about Benjamin Ty? Whatcha talking about? Exactly. I'm not sure who you're talking about. And then we have one person who disagrees with Dave Smith. This is cultured redneck. I like that. A cultured redneck. He writes, Dave fails to mention that the Houthis attacked us sailors on hundred and 74 times since November 23rd. I don't care if Israel is trying to do USS Liberty 2.0 don't attack our sailors. Dave also doesn't know anything about Islam as shown on JRE and then he lists some Quran scripture. Okay, I, I will let you have at it on Dave's channel and have Dave on. We just wanted to share your comment 'cause it is good to have disagreements and I very much disagree with that.


It's just we, we just can't come up the excuses for us to keep doing their bidding and like, it's so, it's rude, it's 'cause of this, we're doing exactly what BB wants at all times. It's just, I'm bored, I'm just bored with it. I'm bored with all of the fake stuff. And like I said, like the, I'm not saying the food at Mar-a-Lago isn't good. It is good, but it's not that good. You know, not sell out. Good. Anyways, lemme stop speaking before I get myself into more trouble before another article is written about my pivot before I get listed next to Miss Rachel as Antisemite of the Galaxy, which I think that that could be an award that they're producing. I don't know. I really don't know. Anyways, I'll see you guys tomorrow.