
All Right guys. Happy Tuesday. The internet is very much divided over the Conor McGregor sexual assault civil suit. He has just lost it, by the way. He's been ordered to pay his victim approximately 250,000 euros already of people yelling at me in the chat. I feel like you're about to defend him or other people being like he's innocent. Well, if we're gonna talk about that case for sure, I'll give you some details and see what you think. Plus, many of you guys know that earlier this year, I did indeed break a rabbi. Well, that deranged man, rabbi Schmoley, has finally taken his harassment of me Too far, too far, and I'm gonna give you guys the inside track of why we issued him a legal letter. And I'm deadly serious, and it is over him just being an outright pervert.


Lastly is Thanksgiving week, my favorite holiday, and I'm going to tell you guys what I'm most thankful for this year, and I think you might be a little bit surprised all that coming up on Candace. All right, so we are conducting a live poll here in the chat on YouTube. I've asked the question to you guys, do you believe Conor McGregor is guilty? Thus far? The results before we jump into this monologue, 56% of you have answered unsure.


25% have answered not guilty, and 19% have entered in a guilty verdict. So that means that the majority of people do not think he is guilty of the people who have an opinion on it. And then of course, the overwhelming majority of you are unsure. So I hope that I can provide a little bit of clarity. But First and foremost, I wanna say especially, I really want to hear from women today. I have to hear from women today on the topic of what constitutes a rape, what constitutes a sexual assault. Everybody knows my history with this. I have very, very much made myself an enemy of the Me Too movement, of the hashtag belief, women trend, all of it, all of those kinds of movements in the past have labeled me as an internalized misogynist.


I always love these like fruity little names they come up with all the time. And I guess an internalized misogynist is like a woman who doesn't know that she hates being a woman on the inside, something like also being a black, white supremacist, super kooky. But I think it's a new day, and I think that many women who perhaps believed the earlier media depictions about me no longer do, they're starting to see that actually I really am just a person that is ruled by logic and not emotion. And I like to have all of the facts presented to me before I enter in a verge about anything. On the logic side, just to jog your memory, as much as I absolutely hated NBC's Matt Lauer, remember the anchor NBC News anchor at the top of his game, at the top of his game before he then got me toed, and I had to force myself to defend him because it was utterly illogical, the story that we were being told.


But a hashtag was trending and everyone was like, get him out of there. And he lost his entire life, his entire career because allegedly he raped an intern while covering the Olympics. And then the two of them thereafter decided to continue to have a sexual affair for two years all across New York City. That was actually the story that took down Matt Lauer. So we're supposed to believe that first time he raped her, but then she was like, okay, whatever. I kind of love you rapist. And then they carried on a two year affair. I mean, completely and pointedly ridiculous when you just, just common sense my friends, common friend sense. Obviously, he was never a credibly accused of rape or criminally. Instead, she got a check from NBC and disappeared into the universe.


I also strongly believe in personal responsibility. That is why just last week, and this also points to the fact that I will point the finger at men too. Of course, millions of adoring fans worldwide were mourning the death of one direction singer Liam Payne, after he fell off of a balcony. And it is sad. It is a tragedy. But I did also use my platform to sig to signal that it's completely ridiculous and absurd that lawsuits have since been filed against a friend of his for abandonment that was present down there in Argentina. In Argentina. And plus, there was also this argentian waiter who's being sued for quote unquote supplying drugs to him. Like, come on guys. Liam Payne ordered the drugs, he consumed the drugs. He knows what those drugs do.


Actions do indeed have consequences. And no one should know that better than an adult that has a fully developed brain. That is just my perspective. Some people, it seems harsh when we're in these emotional moments or instincts start to give in to every emotion before we even hear the facts. We don't even need to hear the facts. It's like, how did I feel when I watched that? How did I feel when I watched the George Floyd video? Well, I felt badly. And so therefore, th what happened here was a crime and the police should all go to prison. Same thing. By the way, Kesha, the notorious photo of Kesha crying in the back of the courtroom, that was it. That's all it took. Everyone just convicted Dr. Luke and said, this poor woman is trapped in her contract with Sony, and it's just so sad, and she's a rape victim. And no further questions asked until like, you know, their court case went on for an entire decade.


Many things came to the forefront, including the fact that Kesha had lied the two lady Gaga by saying that Ka Perry was raped. And Katie Perry said, this is absolutely not true at all. And Dr. Luke maintained his innocence saying, no, she is accusing me of this because she wants to edit her contracts. And Sony backed him up on that, of course. And of course, who could forget, Amber heard the bruise on her eye. Forget it, Johnny Depp was done until he was able to sue her for defamation. And then the public really got to see what was going on behind the scenes. So this brings me to Conor McGregor, talking about emotions and how people feel. Okay, so If you don't know who Conor McGregor is, he is a famed Irish UFC fighter who is at this moment losing all of his sponsorships.


It's a very big deal. He's being financially impacted due to the fact that they returned a verdict that he was plausibly assaulted a woman, not raping her, despite multiple headlines that are misreporting this decision in the courtroom. So here is what we are going to do. We're gonna continue to run that poll. We're going to let you guys decide as I give you the facts of this case, whether or not you think he is guilty. And I'm going to tell you all about this woman who is accusing him of sexually assaulting her. Now, her name is Nikita Hand. I can tell you that because she's in the public sphere, she's not trying to maintain her privacy. And we should examine some of these facts. First and foremost, she's bringing a civil suit.


She brought a civil suit against him, not a criminal suit. Why? Well, because she already tried to bring this case criminally twice, and it was denied due to a lack of evidence, okay? She claimed in the courtroom that she was brutally raped and battered by Conor McGregor, and yet the Director of Public Prosecution declined to prosecute it. Let's take a look into what maybe led them to make that decision. Okay? And here's the story. First and foremost, actually, let me just give you the emotion of this. This is actually a clip of Nikita Hand just speaking to the fact that often people are just responding to emotion. This is her walking out of the courtroom after she scores the victory against Conor McGregor.


Take a listen To all the victim victims of sexual assault. I hope my story is a reminder that no matter how afraid you might be, speak up, you have a voice and keep on fighting for justice. I know this has impacted not only my, my life, my daughters, my family and friends tremendously, and it, and it's something that will, I'll never forget for the rest of my life. But now that justice has been served, I can now try and move on and look forward to the future with my family and friends and daughter. Moving testimony. She cried throughout the trial. She spoke about how she had to have a tampon surgically removed. So If you hear that as a woman, you're instantly like, oh my gosh, how could any person ever think that she did anything wrong in this?


Like very clearly, Connor McGregor must have raped her. Okay, so here is the actual backstory. Nikita Hand actually contacted Connor McGregor on social media. The two of them struck up a back and forth social media flirting relationship. And on this particular night, she slid into his dms. And because he had posted the photo, a photo of himself at the nightclub, I wanna be very clear, both of these people are partying, okay? She sends a photo of herself in a sexy red jumpsuit and asks him where he is because he's now posted a photo of himself at a DJ booth partying, un, un, un unsa. And specifically, she sends him a message saying, it's our Christmas party as she's wearing this red jumpsuit come out and get us.


Now, who is she referring to when she says us? She was referring to the friend that she was with at the Christmas party, a woman named Danielle Keeley, who is also her work colleague. That's a photo of her right there. And I wanna be clear that she sent Conor McGregor this message, despite the fact that she is both a mother and she has a boyfriend. Okay? Now I wanna be clear. Connor continued to party all night. There was no doubt that he was on a bender. How do we know he was on a bender? Because when you look at the timeline of this, he's, they're texting all throughout the night until 7:00 AM 7:00 AM Connor McGregor testified that he was out until 7:00 AM when he instructs his security to book him a, a penthouse room at the Beacon Hotel.


Okay? Now it's morning time. Nikita and him are still messaging at 10:51 AM they decide that they're going to get together. He picks her up at her workplace, a hair salon with her colleague Danielle, the person that we just showed you. They then drove around for two hours. He claims that they began hooking up right away in the car at this time. And then they all decided to go back to the hotel where he and her hooked up in the bathroom. Now it's a penthouse suite, so it's got bedrooms, and they hooked up in the bedroom. He says they had consensual sex. She's saying now the sex was not consensual. But it's important to note here that her friend Danielle, was outside of the room when they were hooking up on a sofa, on a sofa bed with his friend who was with them and his friend's name.


It's a very important character in this. His friend's name is James Lawrence. Okay? So James Lawrence is sitting on the sofa with Danielle. She's hooking up with Connor McGregor in the bathroom. Connor McGregor comes out and he's exhausted. He alleges that he then fell asleep because, well, it's believable that he was exhausted. 'cause we're talking like what? 10:11 AM in the morning. He's been out partying all night. His friend Lawrence then wakes him up and he's like, look, I'm tired. I gotta go. I, I, I really have. Just this bender has got to end and he decides to leave them all at the hotel room, but leaves a car behind so that they can all get home safely. Okay? Wanna be very clear. Again, Conor McGregor is clearly on a bender.


We can talk about that in a whole, whole nother episode about his, his drinking, which I think is problematic. It's important to note here that her friend Danielle wound up testifying against her giving evidence on Wednesday. Danielle Keeley told the court that she was with Nikita in South Dublin as a part of a Christmas work party. Ms. Keeley, who was called to give evidence for Mr. McGregor said that she did not know Nikita that well. But she told the court that they were collected by Mr. McGregor from the salon at around 10:00 AM on the Sunday morning. And after collecting Mr. Lawrence, they were then taken to the Beacon Hotel. When asked to describe the mood in the penthouse, she said everything was fine and everyone was in good form.


She told the court that she knew Nikita and Mr. McGregor had gone into the bedroom, but she didn't really know much about that. She said that she did not. She did not know what was happening in the room. And that when she returned to the main room of the penthouse, everything was fine. She said quote, everything was fine. And no one was in bad form. I didn't notice anything that had happened. Ms. Keeley said, asked if anyone appeared upset. She also replied, no. Ms. Keeley though then says that she was contacted by Nikita in the days after the alleged incident, claiming that she had been raped, asked for her reaction to that days later, Ms. Kaley said, I was surprised because I didn't see anything.


I told her I hadn't seen or heard anything. She then told the court that Nikita asked her to delete text messages between them from that night. Now, Nikita asking, she asked several people to delete messages from that night because the messages apparently don't show a young woman that is in distress. These are just the facts. These are just the testimony that has been given. Now, this is by her work friend and colleague. I don't know what her incentive would be to lie. Obviously she's also got the proof, the form of text messages of when she was informed day later days later, that her friend who she was with the room, that she was just outside of that a, a horrific rape had just taken place. Okay, so let's be clear, let's fast forward. She now is telling her friend that she's rape and Nikita then decides to do what you're supposed to do.


She goes after Conor McGregor criminally. And I wanna note that she only goes after Conor McGregor for this alleged sexual assault. She names Conor McGregor in this as they begin to investigate this situation. And of course the police take this very seriously as they're investigating it. This means taking statements from everyone who could plausibly testify as to what happened that night. Curiously enough, Connor McGregor's friend Lawrence, who was also present, the one that was on the sofa, states that not only did Connor not rape this woman, he, he believes it was consensual, but also that he, Lawrence also had consensual sex with Nikita that night.


Wait, what? Whoa, hold up. What are you saying? This would be of course a big deal. Her team, of course makes a very sound argument. Lawrence is lying. He's lying. That's Connor's friend. Of course he's lying for him. He's just saying that to protect his friend. But then in the course of this investigation, some very interesting evidence turns up CC TV footage from that morning, which captures her kissing and touching both Conor McGregor and his friend, okay? The CC TV footage also revealed that after McGregor left the hotel, like he said, left them behind, she stayed at the Beacon Hotel for four more hours, partying and drinking.


And it is during that time, which she apparently had sexual intercourse with Lawrence Connor McGregor's friend, per the BBC quote. During almost 20 minutes of the CCTV footage, the barrister said, Ms. Lawrence, Mr. Lawrence, pardon and Nikita are in the basement of the hotel and she can be seen kissing Mr. Lawrence on the cheek. The barrister said on occasion they also have their arms around each other. So Nikita says that she has no recollection of that whatsoever. Once she realizes there's footage, she says, quote, it's not me, it's not my character. You can see how vulnerable I was. I'm stumbling. I don't want to have to look at this footage again. It's very disturbing to me. She said, Mr. McGregor's lawyer said that the CCT footage clearly contradicts the story that she told the court she broke down.


She said that she didn't agree with that assessment. She said, quote, the CCT footage does not take away what happened to me in that room with Connor. I was brutally raped and battered that CCT does not take away what happened to me. End quote. Okay? But the prosecutor's office clearly felt different following the investigation. They ultimately declined to prosecute citing two main reasons. The first is Nikita freely admitting to the fact that she had consumed a large amount of drugs and alcohol and also the facts that they then discovered that there was a second person who she had sex with after she claimed to be brutally raped by the first. Now I guess to them it seemed unlikely that a woman who had survived a brutal rape would not only stay and continue partying after her rapist had left, and you can freely go and run to the police and and into the arms people that can protect you.


But also would someone who was just raped sleep with a second man, but Nakia did not give up. She then pursued Conor McGregor in civil court and this time, So I maybe perhaps not to make the same mistake she added Lauren to the civil suit, she's now, IM suing both of you because even if she did sleep with him, her argument is she had no memory of it. So that constitutes an assault as well. They argued 'cause as Connor's side that she was clearly of sound minds because she was sending lengthy text messages to her boyfriend the entire night lying about her whereabouts, obviously, as I mentioned before, she had a boyfriend. So she's doing all of this, but she's got, she's in a relationship and she also has a child. Now, you should know by now, having followed American politics, that when it comes to a civil suit, the standards for finding someone guilty is significantly lowered.


It really just has to be plausible. You, you just have to say, ah, it's plausible. This happened and we know this more than anything because of e Gene Carroll who won that absurd defamation case against Trump for $800 million, I think is what they awarded her with. Not a literal shred of evidence other than her word. It was not, it wasn't a text message. There wasn't, oh, we can place Trump here. Nothing. It was like from 30 years ago. Didn't matter. The jury was on her side because the jury doesn't like Donald Trump. And it's also worth noting here that regarding the Conor McGregor case, it consisted of the jury I'm talking about, the jury panel was eight women and four men. So I'm wondering if, you know, seeing a woman cry and speak about this, all of these things, it could potentially have impacted a woman.


And I think it is. I think women are, we are naturally more emotional and I think that us being more emotional by the way, is a good thing. Unless it's tapped into and it's hijacked, it's a tremendously good thing. It's why we're so great with children. We're so nurturing. There's so many strengths to that until somebody hijacks it and it becomes a weakness. So I'll ask you a question again. After hearing all of that, and I'm asking women in particular, I am like so interested to dive in and to read your comments. Do you think this is a situation in which she was raped or is this a situation when a woman came to deeply regretted everything that she did and had to account for where she had been, perhaps to her boyfriend, perhaps they saw an opportunity when they saw Conor McGregor's name and said, well, he's got a lot of money and we can now sue him.


What is your honest opinion about that? Because I have found over the years, I grow increasingly frustrated with this idea that people don't have to be responsible for what happens to them when they take drugs and they consume alcohol and they know what the effects of the drugs and the alcohol are. You black out, you do things that you wouldn't otherwise do. If I get high on PCP right now, live on the can show, and I go and I rob a gas station, do I get to argue that it's not my fault and that the gas station owners should have known not to have all of the candy and supplies out while I was high on PCP?


Do we at all have to account for the fact that we are consuming things that alter our mental state? By the way, I could very much believe that she doesn't remember much of the evening if she was partying all night before, before, if she then got in and did cocaine and did drugs, I could very much buy into that. I went to college. I've seen these girls do these things. I've seen girls black out and quite literally not be able to recollect the night before. But guess what? The guys that they were sleeping with were also under the influence. They were also on drugs. Difference is they don't get to wake up and say, well, I was on drugs, So I don't account for anything that I do. And if they did, they'd be laughed out if they were like, oh, you slept with that girl and she's so ugly. Ha ha, I can't believe you slept with her.


He wouldn't be like, well, actually, like, you know, I drank a handle of vodka. And so she took advantage of me. That circumstance just simply never happens. And so this isn't a defense of anything, and I wanna be very clear that beyond anything else, I think the true victim in all of this is Conor McGregor's fiance, d Devlin, who has stood by him through everything. He has four beautiful children. Those are the true victims of this situation, to have to watch their father not lead their family in a way that is commendable and in a way that co commands honor and respect and decency. Okay? There is nothing attractive about a man that is not in control of his own whims.


And there are so many men who are struggling with alcohol drug addiction, and the problem when people have money and people have power is having women throw themselves, throw themselves at you, slide into your dm, send you a sexy photo, and you're just like, well, I'm just gonna do it. It, it demonstrates a severe lack of control. And so I'm able to alize I'm not, this is not here to defend his character because what he did to his family is awful. And, and that is something that he's truly going to have, have to account for. And you have sons who should be able to look at you and see you as an example. There's nothing sexy or appealing about a man that is available to every woman that throws himself at her. And I, I really truly hope Conor McGregor hears those words. You know, you, you, you should lead your house much better than you have leading it in the past.


God gave you gifts. God gave you a career opportunity. God put you in the octagon, you know, and you, you squander all that away so many times, putting yourselves into this situation, not just putting yourself right, but putting your entire family, which actually is pointedly selfish for you to do something like that. This isn't excuse any of that, okay? But when you examine these facts of this case and now you consider this woman saying, well, I don't remember, therefore it's rape. What is that truly women, what is that? And I want to remind you guys, because I think the media has been so successful, so successful in the past of making women think that we're somehow apart from men. Like we have to defend other women when these things happen.


Lemme remind you, we raise these men, we marry these men. So whatever you decide in this, If you get behind this and you say, oh, she's done nothing wrong, it doesn't matter. Just know that you will die by that sword If you have a son one day, okay? You make sure that you say the right thing, the moral thing in the correct thing, and not the popular thing when it comes to trying to create a future that our sons can survive in. Because I, I do not feel comfortable with this generation of me too. And I think it's harmful to true rape victims, women who weren't sliding anybody's dms half naked, being suggestive, asking to go to a man's hotel room in the middle of the night on drugs or alcohol, and were truly raped and pursued by a predator who drugged them against their will.


I think these women do a tremendous this justice to those women. And that's, those are my, my final thoughts on that.


All Right guys, I have got to tell you about HeWo. I'm so actually thrilled to introduce this to you. This little thing that I'm holding, it's short for hear the word. My son is obsessed with this. It's a super fun and meaningful audio player designed to reinforce children's faith formation. It's the perfect Christmas Skip. It tells you, it basically just tells them little Bible stories, helping your family embrace the true meaning of Christmas and celebrate the birth of Christ with Joy. HeWo is ultimate, the ultimate faith companion for kids up to 12 years old, imagine Bible stories coming alive, inspiring the lives of Great Saints, faith-filled music every month. They offer personalized content tailored to your child's age and liturgical season. From Saint Stories to Sunday mass reflection, HeWo makes it easy for children to engage with their faith. And here's the best part. By choosing HeWo, you're doing good for your child and you're also supporting evangelization. A full 70% off your subscription directly funds the Catholic content creators helping them share the gospel while blessing your family with uplifting resources. So whether you start with the starter pack, which is 30 stories and 10 prayers, or you dive into the unlimited subscription, which is hundreds of hours of content and 25% off until Christmas, visit the HeWo store.com. That's HEWO store.com, to order your HeWo player while supplies last and Make faith formation fun, engaging, and unforgettable for our children. Again, that's HEW store.com today.


Alright guy, let's guys, let's get into Rabbi Shali. I mean what? Look at that. That's the nicest picture we could find of him right there. That is the nicest picture we could possibly find of this man you really do in life, end up with a face that you deserve. So everyone has been following this story and truly what I can say about Rabbi Shmuley is he's true. He's just mentally deranged, he's unhinged. I think it's true, unfair to pretend that he represents the average Jewish person. He simply doesn't. I think most people outside of people who are truly deranged, except the fact that there was something very wrong with this individual. And I will say that it has been deeply upsetting to see though, however, like Jewish publications like the Jerusalem Post, like they never say he's done anything wrong.


He, he's been allowed to have a column in one of those publications for a very long time. So there is a little bit I, a little bit of responsibility on that side. I will say that. Anyways, so the backstory, of course we all know Rabbi Schmo began harassing me for two years over my refusal to con publicly condemn Kanye West because I don't do that to my friends ever. And I am friends with Kanye and I'm still friends with Kanye. So there you go. And him and his daughter just became completely deranged and obsessive about everything. This all culminated when I completely broke Rabbi Shmuley on Piers Morgan. Obviously we had a debate about antisemitism and he just revealed himself to be a liar to the world. And that video got 4 million views.


People were very shocked to see him just get caught lying and making up stories and then trying to undo it. And you just look at him and you know this is a person that is possessed by a demon. Well that only sort of sped up and magnified his attacks against me and I just completely ignore him because truly I am better than him. And most of the times it's just better to walk away from someone who would do better in an, in an asylum. Truly he's an argument that we should bring back insane asylums. That's my viewpoint. But he took it a bridge too far, just a step too far. When it was brought to my attention that he was hawking sex products and using my face and my name, in case you don't know this, he sells sex products, sex toys with his daughter.


And for whatever reason decided that if he used my faith, my face and my name again, this is a rabbi, okay, that maybe they would sell more products. I'm gonna show you the post 'cause it's so disgusting. The sexual innuendo of it is what particularly got me so angry. He wrote with a photo of me holding microphones. Candace Owens really knows how to grab those microphones. Yeah, microphones beyond thrilled to announce that our hashtag made in Israel kosher sex pleasure massage oil has been nominated as the best sex lubricant for couples by the world's leading sex and intimacy publication shop only on kosher sex. Wanna offer the special discount for the clan Grand Wizard, Candace Owens, single most sexually perverted or repressed woman on earth and the biggest antisemite who studies my daughter's website minutely 10 hours, minutely, 10 hours per day.


Pardon? Life is nothing without your O, your big giant Candace o. Order Now with the hashtag and never again, no words, no words for this level of derangement, absolutely no words for how psychopathic it is. Knowingly, he knows that I'm a Catholic. He knows my positions on pornography, the sex industry. I have made that known for years. And to imply to find a photo to crawl across the internet and to so to say, which one can I imagine as a pornographic image and that encourage people to bisexual lubricants and products bridge too far right? Because this for me is like when you cross the red line, which is when you start disrespecting my faith, my belief on the industry of pornography.


I understand that you believe your faith says that this is great and this is amazing and that you should encourage people to be more sexuals, more sexually active or whatever it is that you have been saying on your posts. But for me, firm red line in the sand. So we did in fact send him a cease and desist and I'm very serious about it. We expect him to return. And this is not the first post he's made apparently hawking sex products. I didn't know this was a thing until somebody tagged me in it. And then I became aware of the fact that he has been doing this Rumors. The rumor mill is that actually Rabbi Schmo is not as wealthy as he would like to present himself to be. And so this is quite desperate of him to do something like this. Obviously he's had a completely deranged response to our cease and desist.


What he's doing is illegal in all 50 states. You are not allowed to hawk products and use somebody's image and likeness. But he's having another one of his rabbi breakdowns on X. This is what he has written, which is totally, again just really speaks to his mentality. He posted this, I don't know why he mentions Ben Shapiro. Ben Shapiro created Candace Owens, made millions off her antisemitism and left the mess from me and my daughter to clean up. We forced Ben to fire her, got her band and demonetized from YouTube, banned from Australia and made her finally pay the price for calling IDF Nazis. Now Candace is suing me. I intend to subpoena every last communication between Candace and Ben Shapiro and his company and find out every last sent a Jew with a yamaka Madoff, Candace's blood libel and praise for Hitler lovers and force Ben to donate every dollar to widows of the IDF.


How dare he hold on to millions in blood money, get ready for the trial of the century hashtag never again. Clearly this has nothing to do with Ben Shapiro. This has absolutely nothing to do with a daily wire. My understanding is Ben has untagged himself from this likely because everyone understands that Rabbi Schmoley is mentally unwell. Of course Ben will have nothing to do with this lawsuit if he does not stop hawking my name with sex products because what on, why on earth would I have to submit text messages between me and Ben when you are using my name to advertise sex products? It's just a fully deranged man but wanted to let you guys know because he just has a way of just lying consistently and just making stories up and grabbing, dragging other people into it. He's now done posts talking about how he's also gonna subpoena messages between me and Kanye West.


What on earth are you speaking about genuinely? Someone put this man on a psych 51 50 hold If you have any decency or love for your father, I know you've got daughters like he obviously needs to be restrained in some capacity because he just does things like this. It's just so embarrassing. Anyways, I don't take stuff like that sitting down. I really do think that Christians in general just need to develop a a bit more of a spine on these issues and take psychopathic people like him to task. Anyways, you guys, good news, good news. Harris is telling her advisors, Kamala Harris is telling her advisors and allies that she is keeping her political options open. She's been instructing people that it's possible that she may run in 2028, which means we are going to be so back on the genealogy series or she even may run for governor in her home state of California.


I think that's more likely, I think they will probably recognize the DNC that she just can't put together a sentence and it was a bit ambitious for her to run nationally, but they might be able to in a state that has forever mail-in ballots, make something happen for her while they push who is likely to be Gavin Newsom to the forefront for 2028? That's my prediction anyways, she has taken apparently repeated phone calls telling people that she intends to stay in the fight. She's expected to explore other possible paths forward with family members over the winter holiday season according to people that are in her inner circle. And they said quote, she doesn't have to decide if she wants to run for something again in the next six months. The natural thing to do would be to set up some type of entity that would give her the opportunity to travel and give speeches and preserve her political relationships.


There will be de a desire to hear her voi voice and there won't be a vacuum for long. A person close to Harris said, Kamal, we look forward to it. As I said, I don't even, I potentially regret standing against you because I do miss you. I miss your word salads. I miss covering you. I miss our genealogy series. It was exciting to get your father's birth certificate. Thank you. By the way, to those of you that pointed out to me that obviously his last name shouldn't have been Harris on his birth certificate because neither his father Oscar or his mother's last name was Harris Oscar, we then learned when he was like 36, changed his last name to Harris. Prior to that it was Brown. So when Donald Harris was born, his father's name was Oscar Wild Brown and his mother's name was Beryl Finnegan.


So why is there a Donald Harris on a birth certificate at all? If you guys know what I'm talking about, for those of you who have followed genealogy series, it is a bit weird. We're not gonna talk about that today. I just needed to honorably mention that you guys emailing me that. Don't worry, we are not throwing away our files on the homology genealogy because we do suspect that she will be in public.


Alright, Right guys, reminding you about PureTalk, it's important to think about what charities and causes and brands that you give your hard earned money to support, which is why I love supporting my cell phone company PureTalk. It is a veteran led company supporting veterans in their passion project and that's why PureTalk has alleviated $10 million in veteran debt. That's why they donate tens of thousands of dollars every month to help prevent veteran suicide. And that's why they just know. Donated $50,000 to Mike Row works, providing scholarships to veterans learning trades after Active Duty's. Definitely a company company that you can get behind. So it is time to jump ship from Verizon at and t and T-Mobile. There's a better option. PureTalk gives you the same great coverage, America's most dependable 5G network for half the cost and you'll be helping our vets. It's a win-win. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens today and switch to a company that invests in American jobs to better serve you. Again, go to PureTalk dot com slash Owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month PureTalk, America's wireless company.


Okay, before I get into your comments, I do want to let you guys know what I'm most thankful for this year. So growing into Thanksgiving week, this is our last episode before we get back on Monday. And me and my family who they're all running around upstairs, I am a the person that hosts Thanksgiving. It is the holiday that drives me crazy, but I love it. It's my, I just love it. It's food, it's children laughing, it's sports on the television and there's no presence involved. It's just eating. And our family's tradition for Thanksgiving is that we go around in a circle and we say what we are most thankful for for the year. And it's such a great time to reflect. You should do these sort of gratitude reflections by the way, If you can. Every week I, like I say, I always do that at mass.


I begin my prayer in gratitude. And I was thinking about that. I was going, what is my thing gonna be for Thanksgiving this year? Like what am I most grateful for this year? And the craziest thing occurred to me that truly from the bottom of my heart, I am the most grateful to God that I got fired this year. It's just such a crazy thing to think about. And I don't say this out of pride, I don't say this out of ego. And I hope that any person listening to this takes a lesson. I think so often, and which has been the circumstance in my life, that every time I believe that God is sending me a curse. Especially when I grew up and I was like angry at God. 'cause you're a teenager and you're just like, God is obviously not real 'cause why you let people suffer.


That was my perspective when I experimented with atheism and especially you're like, well, why would God let me grow up poor? Why would God not let me have parents that stayed together? My parents divorced. Why would God do all this if there is a God? Why would all this happen? And as I began to reflect on my life, as I got older and I got married, I realized that every time there was ever any hardship, whether it was a circumstantial hardship, whether it was a financial hardship, truly when you reflect, you realize that it was something that God wanted you to go through because there was a bigger picture at the end of it. And So I got a lot smarter in my adult years. And over the last, I would say eight years now, when I experienced any sorts of hardship, I immediately just thank God instantly in a prayer.


I'm like, I don't know what this is about. I don dunno why you would do this so randomly why you want me to go through this? But thank you already because I know that you see a bigger picture. And it has changed my life in so many ways. And I reflect on this year. And I remember being in Amsterdam with my husband when the news dropped and it was global. Like most people can just like leave their job or get fired and they don't have to read about it worldwide. And it was trending in Amsterdam like Candace Owens Crisis King was trending in Amsterdam. And I was going, whoa, this is really big. This is crazy. It's a complete firestorm. Everybody's got an opinion about it. My favorite opinions were the people that truly were betting against me and people who I would've said were my friends. I mean writing pieces, saying this, saying that.


And, but I knew that there was gonna be a bigger picture and going through it, getting out on the other side, which brings me to the second piece of this. I am so just grateful that I had the husband that I have. I genuinely, this year I, I always thought I had like the greatest, strongest relationship. But this year just proved to me that there couldn't possibly be a greater or stronger relationship out there between a husband and a wife and me and my husband because we, we were just rock solid through it all. Like just truly on each other's side. It really is the blessing and the sacrament of marriage. You can truly get through anything. You know, I wish that partnership on everyone I truly do. I wish you, you find your other person your other half and you realize how much stronger you become of a person and, and the things that you can faith face together with faith at the center of your relationship.


And lastly, which also brings me to the fact that I'm just so grateful to every single one of you. I really wish I could just reach in and hug you. You feel like my friends, like I feel like we're friends. Like we talk on the phone every day and we're updating, we're talking about politics every day. But I don't really know all of you, but I feel like we do kind of, we have the same perspectives and we're growing and we're learning together and we don't get things right. But I wouldn't have made it out without all of those elements, without faith, without my family, and also without other people in the world who believe in the freedom of ideas and really encouraged us every step of the day. Nonstop emails, people signing up on locals, encouraging us before we even knew what the show was going to look like. My staff, everyone that's in the control room right now.


I mean just, just the amount of gratitude that I have for everyone who didn't even blink an eye, did not even bat an eyelash and just stood by us and stood by me. Just number one thing that I am grateful for this year. So I truly wish you guys the best Thanksgiving. I encourage you to take on this Thanksgiving tradition to sit down and think about what you're grateful for and to be sure that you include something that you would've otherwise thought was perhaps a curse. And to remind yourself that you may be being blessed when you believe that you're being cursed. So that's all I wanna say about that. I wanna read some of your comments before we wrap this show. First I wanna throw it to American Financing because the Fed has dropped interest rates.


So you have to call my friends at American Financing. Now is the perfect time to consolidate your debt, reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, even childcare. It's so expensive now with credit card rates being so high that debt can get expensive. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the perfect time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save an average of over $800 a month. They're even closing some and as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you can save. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Alright, let's see what you guys have got going on in the chat before we bid you farewell for Thanksgiving. I hope you guys love me back. I hope you love me back. We have First and foremost Sarah Jones writes, Candace, I love you. Wow. First comment, she does love me back. Keep doing God's work. Thank you for leading me back to Christ. You have changed my life over the past two years. Random one. What kind of music do you listen to at the minute? Do You know what? I go through random phases, but my youngest son, every night I put him to bed and I'm now listening to like old school r and b and I just, my heart, I'm just like, oh my gosh. Black music used to be so beautiful and wonderful. He loves Brian McKnight. Well my husband says that I say he loves Brian McKnight 'cause he can't talk.


But you know, he loves Brian McKnight. We listened to Brian McKnight last night. We were listening to One Last Cry, such a good one, listening to Whitney Houston, listening to Casey and jojo. Do you guys remember that song? All My Life. Okay, there was no snapping. It's not quick, but you know what I'm talking about. That is just, man music was so good, it was so good. That's a spell. I go through these spells and then I'll be like just listening to country music. I, I just, I really do have a very eclectic taste in music. But right now, old school r and b is really, really doing something for me. And my 1-year-old son as he falls asleep in my arms every night, Cherice the Rumbler writes, she was Scent La Femme Nikita regarding the Conor McGregor case.


Listen, I just have a, an opinion about people that go on these binges and do drugs and do alcohol. It means the drugs are working If you do things that you wouldn't normally do, If you don't remember things, it is a decision that you are taking, making to impair your judgment. And I think the responsibility has to start with you. If you are not being intentionally drugged and everybody else is on drugs, why does one person have to be the babysitter and assume that you're not doing something consensually if they're doing it consensually and they're also under the influence. That's been my perspective forever. Sarah writes, what is your opinion of Israel Israel's sanctions on Harts major respect to the Jews standing up to Netanyahu? Yes, I did see the Harts, by the way, for those of you that are not aware, it is a publication in Israel and they have been very anti Netanyahu basically saying that this is a selfish war.


They have, they have called it an ethnic cleansing. What's happening in Gaza. These are Israelis, right, that are saying this. And so they have been sanctioned in some way by Netanyahu's government. And that's crazy. What that makes me think is just how is it possible that you have these like clones walking around like these neocons being like it's the only democracy in the Middle East. It's like, oh, that's like com committing an ethnic cleansing that has an apartheid state and that censor speech. What kind of democracy is this? I don't want a part of that democracy. Nope, not for me. And why writes, how can these conservative speakers come to college campuses and express to be pro-life out of one side of their mouths and justify the killing of innocent children out of the other?


Very simple. So it's called being hypocrites. It's great if you're a hypocrite, you can do whatever you want. You can speak outta both sides of your mouth. Cherise says, you can see demons flickering in smoothie's, eyes not a real name, not a real holy person. Probably not even a real human. Of course he'd sexualize. He isn't working for the Lord. Gross af totally agree with you in that assessment. There's something that is fundamentally you just, it's, it pours off of him where you just go, this is a person that is possessed. Look at this picture. I'm sorry you guys. I know. You're like, Hey, it's Thanksgiving week. Please don't do this. No, look at it. Look at it right now. We're not gonna take it down for five more seconds. Let's sit in silence.


Sorry guys. I'm sorry, but you had to see it. If I had to look, you had to look. Okay. Lastly, SCAD Ey writes, I'm a 26-year-old guy and my biggest fear has always been being accused of rape by any crazy lady. The story that I heard about innocent men who had their lives destroyed are unbelievable. Yeah, we should probably go back and I should do an episode on Brock Turner. 'cause that case is crazy. And nobody even knew what happened. It was just what they plucked up out of obscurity to go to the press with because it was like Hillary Clinton time. And they needed like the whole narrative about women. Nobody even knows the facts of that case. It's stunning to me. That's another one that was fully tried by the media. But there's there, there's tons of circumstances like that. And I just think that women are better than that.


I really do. And I, by the way, this is why I don't drink and I don't do drugs. You know, I'm, maybe I have four glasses of wine a year. I've never since I got into politics, it was, I I pulled myself completely away from drinking. 'cause I saw that culture of people in politics, drinking and just what it does to people. And I, and you know, I lived a really good life in my early twenties. And I gotta tell you something, I didn't find any happiness at the bottom of those Red Bull vodkas. I really didn't. And now I love my life so much that I'd like to be sober for it. I wanna remember it. I wanna see it. And I, there's no reason for me to be getting blacked out. There's the, the real thing is so much better. What am what am I trying to visit? Who am I trying to see? I also think alcohol truly does lower your inhibitions and allows demons to get into your soul.


But we'll save that for another day. Lastly, 1, 2, 3 B rights. Thank you for what you have done Candace, and for reminding us that God, Jesus, Jesus Christ is what matters most. Ave Maria, like I said, I'm always blessed to be able to share my thoughts with you guys. I I never take it for granted. All Right guys, as we head into Thanksgiving, I hope you guys are cooking or doing a lot of eating. One or the other, reminding you that we have our Black Friday bundle deals. 'cause Black Friday is coming up four different bundles. The stand is get a helmet bundle, the Santa is Forgotten Country bundle, the Santa Sandis Crisis King bundle. And lastly, the one that everybody loves, which is the Sandis blackout bundle. Me hand autographing that. Imagine me doing that all this week. 'cause that is what I will be doing with 1000 books on the way because you guys desperately wanted me to restock that.


And that's a good one to grab because we'll be announcing my sophomore book next, the beginning of next year. I think in January we'll be announcing it. I'm really, really, really excited about it. You guys will be able to own a little mini Candace collection. Thank you. I love you guys. I hope you love me back. We will see you next Monday.