
While it's happened, P Diddy, puff Daddy, Diddy, Sean Combs, whatever. you know him as he's finally been arrested. And I'm gonna tell you guys why it doesn't really matter. And this is all just one big fed show because Diddy is a protected asset. Clearly just like Jeffrey Epstein was a protected asset before him. He's an agent and he's working for a criminal government enterprise plus. Have you guys heard of Alexis Lorenz? Well, you're about to because she's a young woman that is currently trending all over the internet after suffering a severe reaction to multiple vaccines, which were administered to her at UCI Medical Center. Lastly, Greta Thunberg, how dare you?


Well, guess what? She's in the news and it is not good. Probably for the first time ever, it's not good because this girl became the Hollywood It girl after she said, how dare you? After she looked like this in the corner and grimaced, when Donald Trump walked by her, she probably wondering, what did she do? What could she have possibly done to have turned everything upside down in her life? Because now the media hates her and you're not going to believe the reason why. Just kidding. You're totally going to believe the reason why. All that coming up on Candace, Did he do it?


Did he do it? It's looking like he maybe did because he is just been arrested in New York. And let me tell you the headline really here is baby oil. That's all anybody can think about. That really is the big takeaway because it's just, it's a lot of baby oil. In fact, I don't know whether people should be buying or selling that Johnson and Johnson stock because I'm telling you, this is trending. He's been arrested and the authorities collected some items from his home, confiscated some things from Diddy, namely 1000 bottles of baby oil, plus some other lubricants, which were supplies that were used at his quote unquote freak offs.


Now you're going, Candace, what is a freak off? Do I wanna know Candace, what a freak off is? No, you don't wanna know what a freak off is, but I'm gonna tell you what it is. Anyways, essentially Diddy was throwing these parties, inviting a bunch of celebrities, unbeknownst to them, allegedly, by the way, I should say, allegedly, he was recording them, supplying them with drugs, making them do things that they probably would not normally do unless they had been drugs. And then of course he had blackmail on these individuals. That's what many people are alleging. So the authorities swooped in, he's been investigated, and they found all of these supplies in addition to narcotics when they raided his homes in Miami and Los Angeles. Now another headline that is taking off is just $46,000.


'cause that is the cost. That was the cost, pardon me, of just one of his freak offs. Yeah, prosecutors say that in 2012 did he had to pay over $46,000 to cover damages to a penthouse room following a freak off at a Manhattan hotel. So apparently he didn't care. He would just rent off, rent out the penthouse, and then he'd get people all drugged up. This is allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. And in the process ruined these rooms. And actually one of the hotel managers said that things were soaked with oil. and that makes sense because there's a lot of baby oil involved in this particular case.


Now, authorities are saying that did he arrange these freak offs with the assistance of members and associates of his various enterprises, including employees of his business and the hotel rooms where they were staged, often sustained really significant damage. And Diddy would become violent with people if they did not agree to the freak off. So if he's inviting you to the hotel room and he's like, we are going to freak off, and you're like, I'm actually not interested in freaking off, then he would get violent and sometimes he would wield firearms allegedly. Now, the US attorney on this case, Damien Williams, had a press conference earlier and described more of the things that are being unsealed in this indictment. Take a listen.


Today I'm announcing the unsealing of a three count indictment, charging Sean Combs with racketeering conspiracy, sex trafficking, interstate transportation for prostitution. The indictment alleges that between at least 2008 and the present combs abuse threatened and coerced victims to fulfill his sexual desires, protect his reputation, and conceal his conduct. As alleging the indictment to carry out this conduct, Sean Combs led and participated in a racketeering conspiracy that used the business empire he controlled to carry out criminal activity including sex trafficking, forced labor kidnapping, arson, bribery, and the obstruction of justice.


Let me say a little bit more about the charges. The indictment alleges that combs abuse and exploited women and other people for years and in a variety of ways as alleged combs use force threats of force and coercion to cause victims to engage in extended sexual performances with male commercial sex workers, some of whom he transported or caused to be transported over state lines. Combs allegedly planned and controlled the sex performances, which he called freak offs, and he often electronically recorded them. The freak offs sometimes lasted days at a time, involved multiple commercial sex workers and often involved a variety of narcotics such as ketamine, ecstasy, and GHB, which combs distributed to the victim to keep him obedient and compliant as alleged.


When combs didn't get his way, he was violent and he subjected victims of physical, emotional and verbal abuse so that they would participate in the freak offs and that combs hit kicked through objects at and dragged victims at times by their hair. And, I gotta tell you, man, for Diddy, this must be feeling like some sort of whiplash because just a year ago, almost to the day Diddy had received the keys to the city. Yeah, Diddy had received the keys to New York City, I think by Mayor Eric Adams And. so he was just so well loved, And, so well adored. And then all of this transpired after Kat Williams, who some sort of sage, some sort of prophet, I'm being tongue in cheek here, but he went on and said that in 2024 everybody was gonna catch heat and that Diddy was gonna be catching heat.


And then boom, suddenly everybody was catching heat. Suddenly Cassie came out and she alleged that Diddy was violent and that he was involved in these sorts of freaky situations and that he paid her off very quickly. And then you had little Rod, his one time producer or producer that was working with him rather, who dropped a lawsuit that was just unbelievable. And what was most unbelievable about it was that the media stayed away from it. Like they were, they were trying to contain this lawsuit. And it was very clear to anybody who read it, who read through it. Now, this was thorough. This was not somebody looking for a quick pay, okay? This guy had documented evidence, he had proof of what he was asserting, and it was very clear that Diddy and I should say allegedly was some sort of a black male pimp, was controlling a back black blackmail ring.


Essentially exactly what Jeffrey Epstein was doing in politics Diddy was doing in Hollywood, which is fascinating. It's fascinating to consider that Hollywood could just be a blackmail ring. Now, if you're thinking that sounds crazy, I might remind you that on my book list books that you must read, Hollywood, Babylon, it's always been this way. Hollywood was never a clean a town. It was always demented, it always invited bootleggers and gangsters and under those bootleggers and gangsters. So they controlled people who were actors and actresses and singers who had to do exactly what they said. And sometimes they killed those people. They made it look like accidents if they didn't do what they said. So Hollywood has always been a black male ring, but who sits on top of it?


You see something that strikes me as odd about this Diddy case is his demeanor and his demeanor reminds me of Jeffrey Epstein's. Jeffrey Epstein always kind of had this smirk on his face, you know, everything was coming down and he seemed remarkably calm, always smiling. I guess you would be smiling If. you were the person that had been collecting blackmail on people and knew that you had video footage of people, maybe even the people that were prosecuting you, Jeffrey Epstein. You're like, yeah, this is, this is really cute that you think you're gonna put me in prison when I've got videos of you doing some crazy things on my island. Diddy has that same air of pretension about him and just 30 minutes before he got arrested, I'm gonna show you this.


It's unbelievable. Did He's laughing on the side of the road. Take a look at this clip At the camera. So this was from TMZ. You can see he's just like dapping up the homies just dapping up the homies in the side of the road laughing. Yeah, it's all good. About to, yeah, I gotta go to prison real quick. Yeah, I'm about to get arrested. Yay, I'll see you, I'll see you on Tuesday. Love you my dude. That's what he is doing. Now, could you imagine any other regular person who knew that they were about to be charged with racketeering and all of these things? And to be clear, did he knew that he was about to be charged? In fact, he flew to New York to be charged according to his lawyer.


They knew this was coming. They didn't know the specific details, but they had an idea of what he was about to be arrested for. And they came to New York to embrace that arrest. Take a listen to his lawyer, mark Magnio, I think I'm saying his last name correctly, speaking to the press about Diddy's spirits on this day of arrest. He, he moved to New York as I think some of you guys know, we, we brought him to New York about two weeks ago because we knew this day was gonna come and it's here. Did he expect Happen last night? Was that planned? We, We, no, no, it's not planned. Certainly it, it's not planned by us. I mean, he came here to, to surrender at a time agreeable to the US attorney's office.


And then they, they arrested him last night. I spent, I spent the, the evening with him. I was with him till about one o'clock. His spirits are good. He's confident, he is dealing with his head on the way. He's dealt with every challenge in his life and he's, he's not guilty, he's innocent of these charges. We know, we know what the charges are gonna be without seeing the indictment. It's gonna be racketeering, it's gonna be sex trafficking, it's gonna be things along those lines. This is what we've been expecting since the search is in March. He, he, to his great credit, he voluntarily came to New York. Not a lot of defendants do that. He came to New York to to, to basically engage the court system and start the case. And it'll start today.


While you heard it from Attorney Marky, mark did, he's in good spirits. He knew this was coming and he is planning to plead not guilty. He's gonna fight these charges with all his might who could think he's guilty. I mean, yeah, I watched him with my own eyes, beat the living hell out of Cassie Ventura on camera. But he said sorry for that And. so what if little Rod has all of these pictures and all of this evidence, which definitely looks like Diddy's guilty of something. He's feeling pretty confident about this case. Again, what could make him feel so confident? Well, I think it might be that Diddy knows that he's the fall guy and that there are some other people who are gonna have to protect them, protect him, unless they're gonna fall too.


So let me jog your memory about some other aspects of this case. I'm going to hand it off to Ian Carroll. you know, he's one of my favorite talkers who does these deep dive investigations and he's just gonna jog your memory for a minute about what exactly Diddy was being accused of. Take a listen. Well, tonight they arrested p Diddy News just broke that. They took him into custody in New York City. So I figured now is as good a time as any to all over rash Sean again and remind everyone just how horrible this man is. So If, you haven't read the court documents and done any of the other research on this guy. This producer he worked with named Lil Rod, brought this lawsuit against him. Rodney Jones v Sean Combs alleging Rico allegation, which is like organized crime.


And he alleged that a member of this RICO organization was none other than the CEO of Universal Music Group. Lucian Grange Universal Music Group produced one third of the top 100 songs last year, including Taylor Swift quote, while living and traveling with Mr. Combs, Mr. Jones discovered that Combs had hidden cameras in every room of his homes. Mr. Jones believed that Mr. Combs had recordings of defendants, Lucy and Charles Grange, Ethiopia, as well as other celebrities, musical label executives, politicians, and athletes. Upon information and belief, these individuals were recorded without their knowledge and consent. And as in the case with the homosexual sex tape of Stevie J that Mr. Combs provided to Mr. Jones, Mr. Combs possesses compromising footage of every person that has attended his freak off parties and his house parties.


Upon information and belief due to this treasure trove of evidence he has in his possession, Mr. Combs believes that he is above the law and is untouchable. Well, he believes he's above the law and he believes that he is untouchable according to low rod. And he believes that because he has collected evidence of people at the tip of the top politicians, music execs, Lucy and Grange, who runs Universal Music Group, that's a very powerful man. And if they're looking and they think that Diddy has secured this evidence of them involved in things that they wouldn't want the public to see, then they're going to make sure that Diddy does not get touched.


Now you could say, well Candace, look at Epstein. If you're one of the people that believes that Epstein was killed, well you know that he was remarkably confident, likely because he had all those tapes. But If, you believe he was busted out of prison or you believe that he was murdered. The aspect that makes this a little bit different from Jeffrey Epstein is Jeffrey Epstein didn't have any family, he didn't have a wife, he didn't have any kids, he didn't have anybody that if he was killed, and I'm saying if, because obviously we're told he killed himself, but if he was killed, there would've been no one that suddenly released all of the documents or released all the footage that Jeffrey Epstein has had collected. Jeffrey Epstein would've then effectively rendered useless when he was in a prison cell For Diddy is not the same.


Diddy has sons, Diddy has other people who I think would likely he is, if he was a smart gang member, he would've likely told 'em that if anything happens to me, this is what you release and here is where it is under lock and seal And. so they're gonna play a very careful game. Now it is my instinct that did, he knew he was going to go do this. He knew that he was going to get indicted because there was too much public pressure and that behind closed doors, the Feds said to him that they were going to go through this case, but that he would be fine in the end, but they had to make it look like they were doing the right thing. Same thing I do with Jeffrey Epstein because something that's really notable about this is that despite the fact that they unsealed the indictments, they won't tell us what the other names are.


The other people in his businesses or the other executives that are named as well in this suit, they're keeping that a secret. Just like what they did with the Epstein case. We still do not know who was on Jeffrey Epstein's client list. And. so we're gonna see, we're gonna keep following this, but like I said, this seems to me like a limited hangout of sorts. I don't think that Diddy is actually going to get into trouble because I think that based on the blackmail that he has collected on higher ups, well they're gonna have to play, they're gonna have to tread extremely carefully. But of course you know me, I'm nosy. We'll keep following this case.


All, Right. guys, before we get into stories, I want to remind you of GoldCo because inflation right now is at an all time high. If, you think your money and your retirement savings are safe, it is time to reevaluate that thought. You need to consider diversifying your savings into a tangible asset that has stood the test of time. I am talking about gold, of course, from GoldCo. You can head to Candace likes gold.com. They have an incredible team that will guide you every step of the way. Their experts will show you why GoldCo is a top rated precious metals company. GoldCo is a great company and they support this show. And for my listeners, you can Get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So whether you have an IRA or you're looking to transfer to a gold IRA or you just wanna buy precious metals, you can physically hold onto GoldCo and help, go to Candace likes gold.com. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


Huge update guys. Greta Thunberg, she's now hated by the media. Unbelievable. I I do wanna say this, First and foremost, Greta Thunberg, no matter what you think about her, you gotta admit that she's a fascinating person. She's a fascinating person because she has this remarkable ability to really do nothing at all. And somehow she makes headlines like the nothing that she does makes her a star Like that is I think what a lot of lazy people aspire to. How can I do nothing and become a big deal? Greta has accomplished that. I mean a biggest example, of course she skipped school and then she said this at the United Nations and became a star. Take a listen.


This is all wrong. I shouldn't be up here. I should be back in school on the other side of the ocean. Yet you all come to us, young people for hope. How dare you? You have stolen my dreams and my childhood with your empty words. And yet I'm one of the lucky ones. People are suffering. People are dying, entire ecosystems are collapsing. We are in the beginning of a mass extinction and all you can talk about is money and fairytales of eternal economic growth.


How dare you. That was it. That was all she did. Skipped school, got on a boat, said, how dare you a couple of times. And the crowd loved it. A star was born. I'm talking cover of Times Time magazine person of the year for that person of the year. Greta Thunberg, the power of youth to cut school and say, how dare you. I can't imagine if I did that, if I cut school then like I went home to my mom and I was like, how dare you? I mean, I would've been so whooped, but not her. She became a star.


And I'm talking an a-list star 'cause she was hanging out. I just remind you she was hanging out with Leonardo DiCaprio. Like, I mean she, this is the tippity top. You don't get much tippity top then this guy who cares so much about climate change that he's always on a yacht with a naked model. And. so she's with him. And then there were like people who felt the need to defend her when some other people were going, wait, why are we turning this girl into a star? Like she should probably go to school and she hasn't actually done anything. And they were like, that is bullying. And people were very upset people. And I'm talking power people like Anne Hathaway. Look at this. Anne Hathaway posted on her Instagram all about Greta Thunberg.


And please know that under every bridge, that bridge that has ever been built, Greta Thunberg, there has also been a troll that comes with it. Sometimes more than one. The bridge, meaning that which connects and elevates is more important than the trolls. Stay strong, keep going with all my gratitude, Annie, she even gave her like nicknamed it Annie and nobody calls in Hathaway Annie, but she loved Greta so much, she was like, we're on a nickname basis. And beyond that, that wasn't the only person you had. BB Rexha wrote a whole song about Greta Thunberg because she didn't want Greta Thunberg to be to be bullied. Chrissy Tegan jumped in. By the way, the Be Bebe Rexer song was called Go Back. I, I gotta get the title to this.


You Can't Stop The Girl. Yeah, Bebe Rexer wrote, Hey Greta Thunberg, this song is dedicated to you. Oh my God, so beautiful. And then Chrissy Tegan, not one to be left behind because she's like a very kind person and hates when people are bullied. She, she shared these lyrics from a Whitney Houston song and she even, and she even put the musical notes, teach them well and let them lead the way. I believe the children are future. Yep, thank you Chrissy. You never bully anyone. And she shared that to let Greta know that Hollywood was with her. So you're probably wondering, how could this have changed? Because lemme tell you right now, she is done venito. Bye bye Greta. They hate you forever.


She did something that was unthinkable to the powers that be she criticized Israel. Greta, no, no. It's the one thing you don't do, Greta. Okay, you do say goodbye, Greta. She did it in the worst way possible. She did it publicly at a protest. Oh my gosh. Roll the clip you guys. We cannot remain silent. No one can remain silent when there's an ongoing genocide and when people are denied the most basic human needs. We must always stand up and speak up against oppression, against imperialism, against war and against discrimination and racism in all forms.


To stand with Palestine is to be human. We, we cannot allow ourselves to be silenced. So thank you for being here and thank you for continuing to protest, speaking up, boycotting, and do everything that you can to raise your voice for Palestine. Greta No. Oh no. Greta no. Please. Have you learned anything from me? That's all it took. She's done Venito. like I said, she was trending on Twitter for, you guessed it, her rabid antisemitism. Greta so obviously hates Jews.


That's why she said that someone actually pulled together this before and after coverage of Greta. This is amazing. Before criticizing Israel on the left hand side, the New Yorker, Greta Thunberg, the 15-year-old climate activist who is demanding a new kind of politics. The Washington Post, Greta Thunberg on the state of the climate movement and the roots of her power as an activist. CNN Greta Thunberg has got the world's attention. Bre leaders listening. The guardian, the Swedish 15-year-old who's cutting class to fight the climate crisis after criticizing Israel Forbes, the sad tragedy of Greta Thunberg spiked Greta Thunberg and Gen Z's irrational hatred for Israel. Forbes, Greta t Thunberg Stand with Gaza is a problem for the climate change movement.


And the New York Post, Greta Thunberg named anti-Semite of the Weak by Jewish Advocacy Group. And they're not lying. She was, it's true. The Jewish advocacy group stop anti-Semitism. 'cause I like to be super subtle, has labeled her the anti-Semite of the week, the week. And by the way, there's allegedly a lot of tears. I mean, there's anti-Semite Antisemite of the Month. There's anti-Semite of the Year. I was told by that same group that me and Tucker were, were contenders for a month or a year. There's antisemite of the galaxy. It's just not gonna end. There's a lot, there's a lot of tears here. And now she's in there as the, as the weak one because she said that you heard her. It was horrible. I mean, the website is exceptional, by the way. Stop antisemitism. According to them, greter Thunberg has quote joined the ranks of kafi clad protestors, brazenly voicing her disdain for the Jewish state.


She has sadly transformed her activism into a platform for vile Jew hatred. They love the word vile. It's always vile. I mean, she didn't sound that vile to me, but you know me, I'm like antisemite to the galaxy. According to them. So I. Don't know. She sounded like she just maybe doesn't like dead Palestinian kids. But I'm crazy I know this is, this is the way forward. They even included her in an entry on their website. Stop antisemitism. And they're sharing that Greta has a steep history in antisemitism. They, they've documented it because she wants even took a picture with a stuffed animal octopus. Now she's, she uses the octopus because she is autistic and she has sensory issues. but they say that octopuses are, quote, an anti-Jewish symbol of control that was used primarily by Nazis during World War ii.


Greta attempted to defend the symbol claiming that it is a symbol used by people with autism to communicate their feelings. Ooh, I literally have a stuffed octopus for my child. I'll be getting rid of it immediately. Thank you for that update. Stop antisemitism. Now here's what I wanna say, Israel, the PR thing, it's become beyond parody. Like no one takes them seriously anymore. It's so bad. It's so bad. And they can't stop themselves. Like they, they actually think this is working anymore. It's just becoming laughable. You get more and more extreme in your name calling of people as vile antisemites. Like she probably just doesn't like the idea of like 40,000 dead women and children that are innocent and are not Hamas.


Like that's a pretty rational perspective to have and to turn on her like a, like at the flip of a hat, like at the, like a flip of a coin over her attending a protest and speaking out for them. It's, it's, it's a little much. I mean, I don't have to say I, I just don't see how Israel ever gets it back. I mean, they had everybody supporting them for so long, myself included. I mean, Israel, what's the best way to describe Israel's PR right now? Israel is kind of like the girl that peaked in middle school. you know what I mean? Like, everybody liked her. She like blossomed first. The girls wanna look like her. The guys wanna date her. And then you see that girl in high school or in college and your perspective kind of changes and you're like, oh, okay.


Yeah, maybe, maybe the ones that peak first and then like don don't know. Imagine if that girl was like, well, you don't like me anymore 'cause you're an anti-Semite. Mm, you're vile anti-Semite. You're like, what are you talking about? I just, I, there's a lot more that I just, I just don't like here. I don't see how they're gonna put it back. I just don't see how the whole world now is just looking at them. The PR strategy is a disaster. And they just keep going. They just keep going. They're like, we will force everyone to like us. Okay, we're gonna force you to like dead Palestinian kids. Okay, keep it going. Anyways. Cre Thunberg has joined the ranks, the ranks of everybody who has an issue with dead children piling up and being told that we're not allowed to care about it, but we also have to fund it anyways.


I'm going to, before I get to this last story, remind you guys about American Financing because the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, expenses are up, and it is very hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing the credit cards. So if you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to take a 10 minute no obligation call today. You can call my friends at American Financing. Interest rates are coming down and are now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If, you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Okay, before we go, I have to get to the story about Alex Lorenz because This is crazy. It's blowing up. Now, I I will caution, I will caution and say that it is a developing story and it is developing like this hour. So if there's anything that turns out to be inaccurate, it's not because we didn't look into everything. It's just that everything has not obviously evolved in this immediate timeline. But there is a girl, I'm gonna show you her before picture. This is Alexis Lorenz. It's not even a before picture. This is just what she looks like. She looks to to be about 21. We were trying to gauge it from her last birthday post on her Instagram. This is Alexis Lorenz Lorenz. She clearly lives in California. On the basis of where she is right now, I show you another photo of her Alexis Lorenz.


Well, apparently the story goes that the University of California Irvine Medical Center, she went to them because she was having migraines. Okay? She, some people are saying has a disease that's known as PNH, which stands for paroxysmal Nocturnal Hemoglobulinuria. The long term, that in short means that her red blood cells are easily destroyed. So she went in for help because she was having migraines related to this disease. And they said to her that thing that they say to a lot of people, we can't help you unless your vaccines are up to date. Now, this, it created a problem for her because Alexis has had zero vaccines since she was a baby.


But of course, when you're at the hospital and you need help, we solve this a lot during Covid. We can't help you with your heart unless you agree to get this vaccine that is going to give you heart issues. So she agrees to get the vaccines. They give her tetanus, which was likely a tetanus combo because it's the only, only tetanus shot that you can get, which is for adults. It would be the, the T dap shot, which stands for tetanus, diptheria and a pertussis. They also gave her a meningitis vaccine as well as a pneumonia vaccine all at once. Okay, so she's got, I, I think they said that she got two in one arm and one in the other. So that's likely a total of six vaccines because you have the combo in total that she got so that she could be treated.


And within 10 minutes, she's alleging again, the information just coming out. We're only hearing her side that within 10 minutes she could not move her arms. I'm about to show you a video of Alexis Lorenz right now, allegedly at the University of Cal, California Irvine Medical Center. Take a look. All they've been doing is coming into the room telling me, oh my gosh, you look like you're in so much pain. We're so sorry, giving me a new opioid to try and leaving for another four hours. I've been begging for eye drops for at least six hours because my eyes burn and they won't let me touch my face.


But my eyes are itchy. I can no longer lower my neck. And there's a giant lump here in my skin. And I've been asking for a CT scan since last night. So you get it. By the way, I'm looking in the comments right now. Ayana just wrote, I got the Tdap and couldn't move for three days. And let me tell you, this is the story. This is the story of so many people around the world. I am a proud anti-vaxxer. I, I, I think I might be the first That was just proud and loud.


That's not fair. Actually, Jenny McCarthy was the first to be brave enough to speak out. So many years ago, back when she was dating Jimmy, I can't think of his name from Ace Ventura, I'm blanking on this guy, Jim Carrey. And she spoke about how she was certain that it was the MR vaccine that contributed to her son's autism. and that she had gone through treatments to remove the harsh metals from his body. And she was labeled an anti-vaxxer. And this made people very nervous about speaking about not boxing their children. And I noticed this thing that as I was living life and I was suddenly being introduced to classes of individuals that I had not been introduced to in my childhood. 'cause I didn't grow up with money, that the richer the people got, the less they vax their children.


and that kind of flagged to me as something that was odd, right? If you're rich and you have all the money at your expense, why would you choose not to vax your children? What do you know that poor people don't know? Long story short, you guys know that I created my, my series a shot in the dark because I made the decision not to vax any of my children after I was similarly vax injured after the Gardasil shot. And was similarly, actually, my doctor did not gaslight me because I, I had a seizure right away, a mini seizure in the room and passed out. He did not gaslight me. He said, you should discontinue the series because Gardasil is more than one shot. I think it's actually three, maybe it's two. But it, it changed me forever. I'm grateful that I, I had that reaction to it and it gave me the courage to First and foremost, it gave me the humility.


I couldn't believe that I didn't trust mothers. Like I had this perspective that the doctors were telling the truth. and that these mothers would what want to lie and say that their children were harmed by vaccines. Like you would, you would want to, as a mother have to wear like a scarlet letter, the anti-vax label. 'cause that's how we treat these. We would treat anti-vaxxers. And I used to be one of these people, like, like they were, they were totally stigmatized. Like, oh my gosh, this person's an anti-vaxxer, how, how uneducated of this individual? And I'm ashamed that I used to have that perspective. Now I'm the exact opposite. I believe moms before I believe doctors. I believe the moms that say that their children were fine until they got a vaccinated and they got autism. I believe moms and I, I trust moms so much that I dedicated way too much time to researching every single vaccine and creating a series called A Shot in the Dark to give to parents I know, so many of you guys have been writing Candace, when is a shot in the Dark coming back?


We are going to drop the first three episodes onto our local page this week. I think on Friday. Chris will probably be able to get those up for you. And then beyond that, they'll be behind the paywall on our locals page and we will begin releasing them again on a biweekly schedule. I really encourage every mother in the wor, every grandmother, every father, every grandfather, every uncle, every aunt, do what you want with your children. I you will not listen to the series and feel that I'm pushing you to be anti-vax I am. Only thing I'm providing you with is information so that you don't go into a hospital or go into a doctor's office blind meaning feeling as though you're too stupid to understand the language the doctor is speaking.


So you can go with a realistic understanding of the statistics, of realistic understanding of the history of every shot. Because lemme tell you, the doctors don't even know. And when you actually know it and you ask a doctor, they get real mad, real quick and authoritarian because they are tasked in medical school not to think critically, but to remember they're told you give the child this shot at this age. They're not told the history of tetanus. You will be infinitely more wise than your doctors after you watch the series. You will literally know the history and the numbers better than they do. And you'll also be shocked and you'll be enraged. You'll be infuriated of how learning how an entire industry can be built on a house of cards just lies how people could possibly do this to children in the same way that you were shocked coming out of Covid, right?


You, let me just be clear. C was the last time they did it. Not the first time. Everything you think you know about polio, everything you think you know about tetanus, your, your mind will be completely blown. And it is, in my view, the greatest work that I have ever done and ever contributed to society. It's, it has taken the most research, I've spent the most money because you have to pay to access their studies. And most parents can't afford to pay hundreds of dollars to unlock a doctor study that should be made freely available on the internet because you're telling me my child must get this shot. But you're also telling me that I can't have access to the studies. But I paid for all that because I wanted you to be able to have it. And I want you to be able to make decisions, knowledgeable decisions, not fear-based decisions because the entire medical industry complex is being run on the basis of fear and not reality.


And I'm proud that I have three fully un vaxxed children and I'm proud that I can give parents the tools to make decisions, to make decisions and not feel like you're an idiot standing across from a doctor who's so much wiser than you because they spend a couple of extra years in school. So again, that series will be back on our locals page, locals.com. You can find us obviously, just look me up, look up my name and you'll see it. We'll drop the first two episodes, I think I said three, two episodes for free this week in front of the paywall. And then it will be behind the paywall. And yeah, I'm just grateful for you guys for supporting me. All right, I wanna dive into some of your comments here because they look really funny. But first I want to remind you that if you're one of the many people who owe back taxes, pandemic Relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents and field officers.


The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Do not waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends. you know, this tax network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burden. So call 1 809 8 5 1000 for a private free consultation. Or you can visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


That's tn usa.com/ Candace.


Alright, let's see what you guys are saying in the comments. Somebody said, is this live? Yes, it's live. Why would I fake a live? You guys just don't believe me anymore. I'm reading your comments live. Okay? We're gonna go to those of you that are paying for Super Chats. First Can Wilder writes, thank you, Candace. You are awesome as always. Thank you so much. Caitlyn Jones writes question, do you think that Trump is keeping his friends close and his enemies closer with his wife posting that video on her Insta? It makes me think that he knows more curious what your thoughts are. My thoughts are that women have better intuition. I think Melania has probably has better gut instincts than Trump does, because that is the way that God has blessed women with a certain intuition. And I bet that the people that he trusts, she doesn't. And I, and I, I say that only in, as someone who, when me and my husband got married, and I would say to him, I get a bad vibe from someone. I'm like, I don't just get a bad vibe. And he's like, he doesn't, he hasn't done anything. Men are quite rational. He hasn't done anything. I'm like, it's a vibe. They're just sending me a signal right now that don don't like. He's like, they haven't done anything. I'm like, they can't be around us. They can't be around our children. and that would happen is later on, my husband and I would find something out and he'd be just aghast. He'd be like, I can't believe that you were right about this person. I'm like, women, we just, we get the vibes. I think Trump should probably listen to Melania's instincts. Sarah, the ba, the battle rights. My daughter got a Pfizer vaccine for Covid. A few months later, she developed a rare autoimmune disease named Coria. I will never trust blindly again. I'm so sorry to hear that. And yes, autoimmune diseases are coming from vaccines, many of them. And when you watch the series and you learn about the explosion of child cancers, once they removed vaccine makers from liability, and then they started making tons of vaccines and then explosion of childhood cancers, particularly leukemia, which at its core is, it's about your immune system. It's not normal for kids to get cancer. They're trying to make us think it's normal for kids to get cancer. It's not. It never was. And then it became a thing in the, I wanna say the early eighties. Sarah, the Batta writes my daughter, oh, sorry, I just read that already. Kimberly writes, thanks for the book list. I started on how the Catholic church built Western civilization. Yes, Catholic gang gang. Go, go, go. Sarah also writes, I wanna know what really happened to Aaliyah. I gotta look into that. I gotta look into all of these celebrity deaths now that I've read Hollywood Babylon. I'm like, oh my. How did I ever think that these celebrities were just dying? Like Kurt Cobain? Mm, it's giving, he was murdered. I'm just saying. I'm just saying I wasn't even a fan of his music. I grew up on Michael Jackson. I don't listen to Kurt Cobain, don't even know what he sings. But I do know those was some shady circumstances are weird. Kurt Cobain's death and the date of his death, You know giving. Something else may have gone on. Lastly, Sarah writes, kids in Gaza going on year two with no schooling, but at least they got vaccinated, right? Oh, don't you dare. you know what, Sarah, you're the anti-Semite of the galaxy. I'm not even gonna respond to that. It's disgusting that you would even, you're the anti-Semite of the month. You're the anti-Semite of the season. You're the anti-Semite of Autumn. That's what you are. I don't wanna hear that ever again. All Right, guys, If, you wanna support the show. You can go to locals.com, give a gift. You can also head to Club Candace and you can buy a T-shirt. Buy a buy a sweatshirt. You can buy a Sandis Cup. And otherwise, thank you guys so much and we will see you tomorrow.