
All Right guys. Happy Monday. Actually, it's been kind of a weekend of me shouting over the internet. If, you follow me on Twitter or X rather, because something extremely important happened over the weekend that every single person in the world should be speaking about. And that is that Paval av, the founder of the messaging app Telegram, has been arrested in France ostensibly for not allowing the government to build a backdoor into his social media app. Really allowing them to build a backdoor into our lives. Plus, and somehow kind of relatedly, Justin Bieber just had a child and I am convinced that he is himself trying to exit Hollywood. But the gang that runs Hollywood I know I'm not supposed to say that. And I'll say that there's a gang can't imply that are not allowing him to.


I noticed some very interesting hit pieces about Tim. We're gonna talk about that. And in sports, Brittany Mahomes has an attitude. She liked a Trump post and people are angry at her and she doesn't care. And I am here for that. All of that is what is coming up on Candace. All right, so I'm gonna slow this down in case you're like me and you're not on all of the apps. Telegram is actually one app that I am not on, but lemme tell you something about it. It is huge. It's one of the world's biggest social media and messaging platforms.


It has 950 million active users monthly. I'll tell you a little bit about it because it's important to understand the backstory here. It was founded in 2013 by a Russian man named Paval av. Paval AV is something of, I guess I would refer to him as a, a technological renegade. He really believes in free speech. Imagine that. So initially his backstory is that he was running this wildly popular social media app in Russia where he's from. and that app was entitled, it was called Rather V Conte. Forgive my really poor Russian there until the government then started putting pressure on him, the Russian government, they were like, listen, we don't like all of these opposition communities that are running.


We want you to squash them on our behalf. We don't want anybody running opposed to the Russian state in their ideas. So guess what Pa Durra decide to do? He said, goodbye Russia, keep this app. I'll build a new one because I believe in free speech. And he created Telegram. He was only born for one year and then he was out of Russia. Took that new app with him. You're probably thinking, where did he go? Candace. He must have come to America. It's so obvious. America has free speech, right? So they tell us, we we, we have free speech. We are the land of the free If. you are escaping the oppression of Russia. And of course you would want to come to America and maybe join Silicon Valley and, and go to lunches with Jack Dorsey and Mark Zuckerberg, everyone else who really believed in this idea of freedom and free speech.


Except, you know, he did come to America. He came to America a few times and he kind of got a different experience. I'm going to allow you to listen to him. Tell Tucker Carlson exactly what happened when he came to America. Take a listen. You know, there there's this second part, which was probably more alarming there in the us We got too much attention from, you know, the, the FBI, the security agencies wherever we came to the us. So to give you an example, last time I was in in the US I brought an engineer that is working for Telegram and there was an attempt to secretly hire my engineer behind my back by cybersecurity office officers or agents wherever they ac called The US government should to hire your engineer.


That's my understanding. That's what he told me To write code for them or to break into Telegram. They were curious to learn which open source libraries are integrated to the Telegrams app, you know, on the client side. And they were trying to persuade him to use certain open source tools that he would then integrate into the telegrams code. That, in my understanding, would serve as Backdoors, Would allow the US government to spy on people who use Telegram, The US government, or maybe any other government. Because a backdoor is a backdoor regardless of who is using it. That's right.


So just to reiterate there, he came over to America, landed the free, had some amazing technology, he was protecting users' privacy, and the state approached one of his engineers and were like, Hey, what If, you did a deal with us. What If you worked for us? What If you just created sort of a backdoor so that we could spy on. And I love that he points out that maybe, maybe more than America, because I think we're all comprehending that we are not that free. And there is in fact a global elite. I believe the governments are working with one another in the west. It is a just a globalized governance, so to speak. And they wanted access to Telegram for a lot of reasons. So I, guess what Paval did? He decided actually I'm, I'm going to run this company from Dubai, which is so interesting because If, you just think of our American depictions of the Middle East.


We think of it as so oppressed, no freedom, why would anybody wanna actually live there? And yet here you have this tech renegade and he ups and he moves to Dubai and he decides to run his company from the UAE because he imagines that to be one of the only places where there might be any protection for him to simply allow users to communicate and message one another without having the government breathing over their necks. Now, here is where Pablo potentially made a mistake. It turns out that he also holds a citizenship in France. So he's also a French citizen and he imagined himself being able to travel to France without anything happening. Maybe because he doesn't understand. What we have come to understand, which is that all of these countries are working together.


So Paval av, and this is now a headline of the New York Times, the 39-year-old. He's that young founder of the app Telegram was taken into custody by French authorities over the weekend. Here is the background story. He was arrested at Berger Airport near Paris after landing on a private plane from Aja Bijan. According to French news reports, the French judicial official said on Sunday evening that his time in custody has now been extended. Now under French law, the initial 24 hours that you're supposed to be detained in custody can be extended up to 96 hours depending on the seriousness of the criminal accusations. Representatives of the French police and the interior ministry declined to comment in a statement on Telegram.


The company that's Telegram said that Telegram abides by all of the EU laws and said that Paval Dero has absolutely nothing to hide. Now this article also notes that Mr. De Rob's arrest has very little precedent while the EU and the United States government have summoned and questioned leaders of other social media firms, rarely has a major tech leader been arrested over what takes place on such sites. Now, there might be a reason for that. By the way, Elon Musk would like a word certainly because people were pointing that out. They were going, wait a second, haven't I heard that? you know, there's Facebook and there's meta and they were in trouble at one point because people said that there was child exploitation on the site.


Don't all these sites have the potential for bad people to get on them and do things? Why are they going after Paval av? And here's what Elon Musk actually tweeted in, in response to that. He basically just flagrantly called out. Mark Zuckerberg as a sellout basically wrote this because he already caved into censorship pressure. Instagram has a massive child exploitation problem, but no arrest for Zuck as he censors speech and gives governments backdoor access to user data. So if you're wondering what the charges are, what did this guy do? What are they just going to make up? This is a theme. I mean, all last week we've been talking about how if they want you, they're going to get you. You're not going to believe the audacity of these charges, particularly in France.


We'll get to that. So they are charging him for complicity. It's not that he's doing anything wrong. He's just complicit in things that are being done that are wrong. He is complicit in enabling illegal transactions by organized groups. He's complicit in a refusal to communicate at the request of competent authorities. These are his real charges, informations, or documents necessary for carrying out and operating interceptions allowed by law. He is complicit in possessing pornographic images of minors. There it is. You gotta always throw in the pedophile thing so that the public just goes, oh, well it must be true. This arrest must make sense. He's also complicit another charge in distributing offering or making available pornographic images of, of minors in organized groups.


Are you outraged yet? Don't you see that? They had to make this arrest. They also have complicit in acquiring, transporting, possessing offering or selling narcotic substances. So that's a, a very long rap sheet. I'm only reading you a few here, but you get it. Gosh, once again, we have a guy who, and this time he's just complicit in child exploitation, pedophilia and human trafficking. They love to stick that on men who are a threat to them, right? Who are a threat to the establishment. When we say the establishment, we're talking about the deep state and we say, when we say the deep state, what we are referring to is a gang. Okay? Righteous, stupid. Little headlines about So I went, oh my God, you just been playing that There's a gang. It is obvious that there is a gang, a very big gang actually.


It's really not that big. But they've amassed quite a bit of power that there is a global elite operating in western society, okay? And you can see this there. Their demands are as such. You either play ball with them, we are the state, okay, or we will take you down. And remarkably, their strategy, which is so tried and true, is that they will accuse you of exactly what it is that they are doing. I mean the audacity of referring to Paval AV as someone who is complicit in abetting pedophilia, that's what they said. That's what the French Secret Service, the French state would like us to believe under the authority of Emmanuel Macron, a human being, a child who was statutorily raped back when he was a child by his husband.


Brae Macron, yes. Yeah. There is brae Macron, I'll say this until I'm blue in the face. Brae Macron is a man. He transitioned his name used to be John Michel Trau. And then he became brae. And when brae was 40 years old, and no one will counter this fact in the media. Instead they just called it a conspiracy theory. 'cause that's what it's always, just call everybody names. It's a conspiracy theory. But the reality is that yes, JIT Macron ally raped Emmanuel Macron. So if the state actually cared about stomping out people that were aiding and abetting pedophilia, aiding and abetting crimes against minors, then you would not have Emmanuel Macron and Burjeet Macron in office.


that is the reality. And then there's the, a audacity of Emmanuel Macron tweeting, because obviously people were outraged on Twitter as we should be. And he wrote this, I have seen false information regarding France following the arrest of Paval AV France is deeply committed to freedom of expression and communication to innovation and the spirit of entrepreneurship. It will remain so in a state governed by the rule of law. Freedoms are upheld within illegal framework, both on social media and in real life to protect citizens and respect their fundamental rights. It is up to the judiciary in full independence to enforce the law. The arrest of the president of Telegram on French soil took place as part of an ongoing judicial investigation.


It is in no way a political decision. It's up to the judges to rule on the matter. I mean, you've just absolutely gotta be kidding me. like I said, it's like he just forgets himself. He forgets who he's married to. He also doesn't want you to know other things that go on in his state. Here's just one example. Later on this week, we are going to have for you an interview. I interviewed Xavier Psar. He was the person who broke the tremendous three year long investi investigation. The story of who in fact, Bridget Macron actually is or was, and remarkably the state because they can't go after him for defamation because he told the truth. Has decided to go back to a piece that he wrote three years ago and to accuse him of violating laws regarding You're not gonna believe me.


You're not gonna believe me, antisemitism. I'm not kidding. I, I promise you. Yeah. They said, he wrote an article over three years ago and in the article he was speaking about media power and he didn't even say this is according to him the word Jewish. He just named the people that hold all of the media power in France, And. so now they've opened an investigation into Xavier Psar a little late, but better late than never because he might be an antisemite. Are we noticing some trends here? Are we noticing some themes? Are we noticing that a lot of people who have the courage to call out what is happening in this society are always hit with the same exact smears, right?


If you're a man, you better look out 'cause it's human sex trafficking, it's pedophilia, right? It's, they're gonna accuse you of some sort of an abuses. You're gonna be a part of the Me Too movement. You're gonna get smeared all of us as conspiracy theorists, racist, homophobes, antisemitism. Is anybody else noticing a theme here? And I've gotta say there's just nothing that makes me laugh harder than the idea that the state is combating and not themselves abetting pedophilia. It's like I wasn't even alive for the Jeffrey Epstein scandal. Were you guys alive? Was I alive? Was that a dream? Okay, nevermind. Maybe I also wasn't alive and I never read the Buzzfeed piece that was published back in 2021.


So in case you're not aware of what piece that is, I'm gonna show this to you now and basically skim through it because I cover this extensively on my old show. But it's important enough that every single person should read it so that you really get a grip on who it is that is running our government, our global government. This is the headline, the articles entitled Secret CIA Files Say Staffers Committed Sex Crimes Involving Children. Okay? Unbelievably. And you can see the, the print below a declassified CIA Inspector General reports show a pattern of abuse and a repeated decision by federal prosecutors not to hold the agency personnel accountable.


Okay? So people working in the CIA, this article took years for the authors to write because they had to go through a series of FOIA requests. And here is just a little excerpt from that article. It's just a few ex excerpts from that article. Over the past 14 years, the CIA has secretly amassed credible evidence that at least 10 of its employees and contractors committed sexual crimes involving children. Though most of these cases were referred to the US Attorneys for prosecution, only one of the individuals was ever charged with a crime. Prosecutors sent the rest of the cases back to the CIA to handle. Internally. You guys decide what you wanna do, meaning few faced any consequences beyond the possible loss of their jobs and security clearances.


CIA insiders say the agency resists prosecution of its staff for fear. The cases will reveal state secrets. I'm sorry, it's pedophilia a state secret. One employee had sexual contact with a 2-year-old and a 6-year-old. He was fired. A second employee purchased three sexually explicit videos of young girls f filmed by their mothers. He was given the opportunity to resign a third employee estimated that he had viewed up to 1400 sexually abusive images of children while on agency assignments. The records did not say what action, if any, the CIA took against him. A contractor who arranged for sex with an undercover FBI agent posing as a child, had his contract revoked.


So what exactly is going on, you guys? What exactly is going on? So like I said, maybe I I we're really living in this reality where people are losing their minds. This is falling into some sort of amnesia. Don't really recognize that If the state wanted to prosecute these sorts of crimes, then maybe we'd have an answer for why Diddy hasn't yet been arrested. Are we, are we, are we supposed to forget about that? Yes. We were supposed to forget about that. I know that was when I really started getting in trouble this year when I looked into that case. And it was just the most credible thing I'd ever seen with video, with video documentation, photo documentation. A person who worked with him saying, this is what happens.


It's drugs, it's sex parties, it's it's drugging people intentionally. You're collecting all this blackmail. And what happened while they raided Diddy's house four months ago, but no charges have been brought against him even though we watched him beat Cassie on his ex-girlfriend. Longtime girlfriend on camera. I I I just, we can't go after did he right now. And of course we also can't go after the pornographers. We know that what is happening on these websites like PornHub, this is a real CNN headline. Pornhub's parent company admits it profited from sex trafficking. And by the way, the DOJ didn't bring about this case because, well obviously they're involved in sex trafficking, but it was, they were basically had their hands forced to bring about this case because a young woman named Layla put together an organization and went after them.


And she was really tough on this and eventually got the public to pay attention to the fact that children were on this website after having been sex trafficked. And what was the result? By the way, in case you're wondering, they got a slap on the wrist. They had to pay a $1.5 million fine. The parent company of PornHub. That's what happened. They simply had to pay a fine and agree to like a three year probation and that in the future they would comply harder. Yeah, you just have to comply. They decide to defer prosecution altogether under the agreement. So I'll ask the question. Who in the world is buying that? The reason that they have arrested Paval AV is because they're concerned about sex trafficking, who's also even buying the drug trafficking bit.


Am I the only person who remembers learning about the Iran Contra scandal? When our CIA between 1981 and 1986, the senior administration was quite literally caught facilitating drug sales and arm sales because, you know, we were doing what we do trying to, to overthrow a government. We were trying to fund a group of rebels in Nicaragua. And this happens over and over and over again. But I guess the American public, or at least a a small contingent of the American public still believes that what they see on the movies is real like that. L Chapo is the number one drug dealer. And thank goodness our government take took them out. No, our government only takes out their own competition just to be clear, because it's a gang.


They're the gang that won. Okay? So they will lie, they will steal, they will literally do anything to take our money. They even at one point in, in one of the charges, it speaks about the potential to money launder on a Telegram app. That is just incredible. that is just incredible. If you've been paying attention to how many times our government said Oopsies, we can't audit where all of the money's going. We're taking your taxes and you better pay them and we'll lock you up. But we can't tell you why we're spending it. They are the money launder launderers. They are the drug traffickers. They are the sex traffickers and they kill anybody who gets in their way or they imprison them And. so what we have right now and why this case is So important is that it is happening to Paval Derah. They are moving inward, okay?


And it was I think David Sachs who predicted via List, they'll go after TikTok. They did, TikTok is now one of the most censored social media apps. They said that they would, he predicted that they would go after Telegram. They have now gone after Telegram. Why you should be outraged is because they are after us. It is us that they are after. They want to be able to control everything. Who still believes these stupid stories like social network? Oh I'm sure that's how it happened in a Harvard dorm. Nope, it was a CIA op obviously. but they always sell it to people in Hollywood, right? They, they use Hollywood films to convince you that the way things happened were just so miraculous. Everybody's just building a social media app in their garage.


YouTube, Google, what garages are these? Right? And then they face really no opposition whatsoever to the government because they are the government. All of these apps are being controlled by the government because ultimately what they want to do is they want to control us. They want to, to make sure that they actually have no competition. It is actually capitalists that demand socialism, right? Because they don't ever want to have to compete. And because they can't compete in the free markets themselves, what they do is they overregulate and they over prosecute And. so every person who has a social media app should be speaking out against what is happening to Paval av. We should be outraged by what's happening to Paval de Av And we should also be coming to the recognition that the West has never been free.


Okay? I feel like that illusion is now dissipating. It's been high time for it to dissipate. Okay? It's, it's just been just sort of managed. The illusion has been managed like I said by Hollywood making you think that all of these stories and freedom and America is this place. We are seeing more and more that that is not the circumstance and there's really very few corners of the earth that you can run to where you can truly be free And. So the time has hard speaking out now. 'cause I'm telling you guys it's, it's not much left here. There's just not much time left. And definitely pray for a PA Rob I know that I certainly will be doing exactly that. All Right. guys, I do wanna pause here and thank one of our sponsors. you know, I love PreBorn.


The work that they're doing is so important. We know that Planned Parenthood, that is their competition. They're working in billions despite having dwindling clients. The biggest takeaway is that Planned Parenthood is generating vast profits, which includes millions in taxpayer funding. But with PreBorn that is you and me, we get to actively steal their clienteles. Meaning that we get to rescue the lives of babies. PreBorn operates on a very slim budget, rescuing over 200 babies', lives every single day with no government funding. PreBorn network of clinics are situated as you can imagine in the darkest corners of the nation, competing head to head with the abortion giants. And they need our help. Now more than ever, when you donate $28 to PreBorn, you will offer a free ultrasound to an expectant mother that is caught in a crisis.


Because once she hears that heartbeat and sees that precious life, her baby's chance at life doubles. So sponsor a precious baby's life. Today your tax deductible gift will go directly towards saving baby's lives. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyboard baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Okay, I would like to cover the Justin Bieber story 'cause I think there is more going on here than meets the eye. And I'll explain to you why. Okay, so Justin Bieber, just so you guys know, he had a baby, wonderful, amazing, him and Hailey Bieber, I guess Hailey technically had the baby obviously. And they named that baby Jack Blues Bieber. Congratulations. They shared a photo on Instagram on August 23rd and the internet exploded with happiness for them.


But it was actually something else that caught my eye about this pregnancy and this birth. And it was that leading up to it just a few weeks before they gave birth. So hi Bieber was very pregnant, suddenly there were a series of attacks on her and attacks on their marriage. And I'm just giving you just like one of these, showing you I guess a bunch of these headlines that came out essentially saying that Justin Bieber was miserable and that ha was blowing through millions of his fortune on these wild luxuries, including a second engagement ring that was worth 1.5 million. And you can see another one here in the corner says, Bieber having marriage issues and desperate Justin Bieber accepted an offer from an Indian couple to do their gig for $10 million to keep up with Hailey Bieber's excessive spending.


I mean that's stupid. You offered me $10 million to come sing at your wedding. I will be there. I will learn to sing for $10 million. I will sound like Aretha Franklin, you offered me $10 million to come sing at your wedding, but you get the point. It was all of these attacks and I was reading through it and trying to find the source of it and there was a, a long piece done in the Daily Mail and when I read it I went, oh no, no, no, no. This is a a, an intentionally, an intentionally sought after hit on Justin Bieber because he is trying to leave Hollywood. Now you'll remember we have been covering Justin Bieber because when I read about Diddy and the ring that the producer is alleging that he runs a blackmail, I vividly recall a clip which then went viral on the web because people were going, wait a second, remember when Justin Bieber was really young and, and Diddy was like, Hey, pick up my phone calls and like, you know, we wanna get you to a party.


And Bieber looked super innocent and then he kind of went into like a party phase. And now that we know what Diddy has been up to, and I'm pretty convinced he's a fed, I think that he gets blackmail on various artists. and that was what was heavily implied in a lawsuit because he has cameras everywhere and he catches them doing things that they would not want out in the public. Whether that's drugs, whether that's sex acts, homosexual sex acts. I think Kat Williams spoke to the fact that they try to get you to party party if you're a guy and giving you drugs to make you perhaps more open to that. And then once they have you on film doing something like that, then they control you. So that would be a blackmail ring. Not unlike the Jeffrey Epstein blackmail ring and So I was paying attention to the fact that it seemed very obvious that he, Justin I'm talking to Justin about Justin Bieber now got off of drugs when he met, when he met Hailey Bieber.


And it seemed like it was just his whole life had turned around. He was no longer hanging with the same people. He was no longer clubbing, he was no longer drinking, he was having a lot of breakdowns. You saw him crying like outside of church and he was much more emotional. And I think that that sort of came naturally with his sobriety is like the recognition of the things that he had potentially done. Here's a, a photo right there and she was there with him the entire time and I, I really do think it was him having a reckoning of the evils of Hollywood. Again, this is my opinion, but I just remember him having a lot of these sort of breakdowns and people didn't know what was causing him to be so emotional in public. And then he and Hailey Bieber got engaged. I believe that that was in 2018.


And he went through this incredible journey through faith. And I would say that he fully decided to turn away from Hollywood. They got married in September of 2019 and he hasn't been the same Justin Bieber. And it was actually this little tidbit in the Daily Mail that made me realize that Hollywood wants him back, right? Because he cashed out. This is an unknown thing. Justin Bieber cashed out. So in this ridiculous article where they say quote, he's isolated from his friends and family, he's miserable right now as Hailey has taken complete control over him, he has lost his identity creative drive and he's uninspired, meaning he's what? Not making music for you guys, not being a slave to the industry. Then in January of 2023 there was another shock.


Bieber announced that he was selling the rights to his entire 291 song back catalog. The music investment company reportedly bought Bieber's life work for 200 million in exchange. He no longer receives royalties on any of the tracks that he's released. And I think that right there is at the nucleus of why they are attacking him. I think Justin Bieber knows a lot about Hollywood. I think he understands or knows more about the Morris sinister side of Hollywood, which I have been remarking on having read Babylon Hollywood Babylon. And now I've just embarked on reading Hollywood Ba Babylon two and realizing that it's always been a ring. Pedophilia has always been involved intentionally getting artists on drugs has always been one component of it as well.


So Justin Ber would be someone who would be able to speak to this And. so he's a problem for the state. I do believe that the CIA is running Hollywood. I believe CIA is formerly a gang that then got their foot into our government. I have said this openly and been attacked for it, but it is the only thing that makes sense. And I believe that they cannot have a person that decides to get married and decides to get sober and knows about what happens in Hollywood And. so pay attention to what is happening to Justin Bieber because he's attacks against him and his wife when he's finally got his life together. Doesn't make any sense. I don't really think he's running out of money in any regard whatsoever. I think that what's actually happening is he simply wants to be left alone and So I wanted to congratulate them on the birth of their child and also encourage them to stick to their family and stick to faith and to, if he is willing to one day have the courage to speak out.


Because I think that a lot of people are speaking out right now and a lot is being exposed. All, Right. guys, I do want to take a brief pause now to thank another ad. Actually you guys have been asking about my skincare routine and I promise you I'm actually gonna post something on Instagram and take you through the steps 'cause I absolutely love Nimi. And this episode is sponsored by Nimi Skincare. They're my favorite brand. They've come to be known as America's Skincare company because they formulate and manufacture all of their skincare care products in the USA while supporting pro-America causes and organizations. Nimi has everything you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse, brighten, protect, and help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason that I love them is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom.


You can sign up right now@mimiskincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% using code Candace at checkout. Plus you'll receive a free gift on every third order. So if you're not sure where to start, you can take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin type. That's NIMI skincare.com And the promo code to use at checkout is CANDACE. All right, Brittany Mahomes is under fire because she liked a Trump post. It's like a thing right now. I guess I, you guys love Hollywood, right? They're like, we're so accepting. We just love everybody. Love is love, love, love. Let somebody like a post like which they're allowed to do because it's an election and you are not required to vote one way or the other.


And that's what Brittany Mahomes did. She sure stepped in it. She apparently liked a Trump post. This is the post that she has that she liked and has since unliked because she has received so much heat for it. Now to be clear, If, you're not familiar with Britney Mahomes. She is the wife of Kansas City Chiefs quarterback Patrick Mahomes. And like I said, she did the unthinkable by liking a post that highlighted the Republican party platform, which included deporting pro Hamas radicals and keeping men out of women's sports. So she liked this post, I think she just said, Hey, I agree with maybe not all, maybe some, maybe a few of these policy points, given the fact that she's from the south. This certainly doesn't stress me out or shock me, but you know, people that live in the bubbles like on the coast really do believe that everybody thinks like them.


They just can't imagine or, or they think people in the south are all backwards and all racist. So I. Guess they were, they were shocked by this. And one user wrote, Brittany Mahomes just outed herself as a Trump supporter. Gosh, what are we gonna do with her? Another user wrote Patrick Mahomes. Imagine marrying someone who doesn't care about your rights and your kids' rights. Brittany Mahomes agreeing with Project 2025 but married to a black man with mixed kids is insane. Man, I wish I had found that post. Like just being able to source it and respond it to the person because of course everyone who freaks out about Project 2025, they're just bots, right? They are the people that truly believe everything that they watch on M-S-N-B-C If. you said, Hey, what specifically do you not like a project 2025 wouldn't be able to tell you They've never read the document.


The these are the people that are so remarkably programmed that their media, that MSN bbc, that CNN, they have lied to them consistently for years and they just cannot imagine that they are lying to them again. They're like, okay, I know they lied about COVID I know they lied about, you know, Trump and said that he was gonna put us back in slave chains, but actually I was living great under him and the economy was doing well. I know they lied and they told me that Russian, if you're in our election, and that was proven false after two years of saying it, but I really feel like this time about Project 2025 are telling me the truth and that this Ddo Trump's really gonna do it. He's going to enslave people And. so she should be concerned because she has mixed kids. These are, i I promise you they are the densest citizens in the entire roles.


And I really do not mean to offend, but it, it just to me defies every bit of logic when you've already had Trump as president to allow yourself to again be subjugated to the exact same media manufactured smears and lies like they are currently living through a Kamala vice presidency and they think she's gonna fix things. She's like, when I get in office, you are in office. What do you mean when I get into you are in office, I'm gonna fix this mess. You mean the mess that you could currently fix right now? Why wait, why don't you just do that right now? And don don't know, they just believe it. 'cause all they have to do is make an invisible ghost and they've made up project 2025 and they all start repeating it and they just become that experiment that I told you about in the ccia A where If, you say it enough times, there are people that believe that it is true and they believe that project 2025 is something to be fearful of and they, they can't even explain it to you.


If you want to, to really test yourself. And if you're watching a show and you're got you like a closeted conservative and your lib friend is like Park 2025, be like, Hey, what's actually in that? And then they go, oh, come on. It's like it's really bad. It it, I mean it is gonna it, he's gonna put us back and women are gonna be handsman hands made tale or something. That's it. That's all they've got. They got absolutely nothing but fear to sell. And every single year, every four years especially, there was always a buyer on the left. It is ridiculous. Speaking of ridiculous, I wanted to very quickly give an honorable mention here. I know last week he covered a very serious thing that happened. Obviously there was, there was a non-kosher pizza sent to Rabbi Smoothie's daughter And.


so he called the FBI on me, right? And because it was a Hawaiian pizza and it wasn't kosher, and of course when you see a Hawaiian pizza and it's not kosher and it arrives at your door, your first law process should be darn you Candace Owens or something. And, but that it doesn't stop there 'cause he's not done with me. Okay? He has just announced to his followers that he's, he's gonna sue the crap outta me. I don't know if it's about the pizza or what it's about, but here's what he tweeted. I'll read it verbatim. We are currently in conversations with top liable and defamation attorneys across the United States, choosing the right man or woman to sue Arch anti-Semite at real Candace o Candace Owens seen here with her former employer. Help us stop the incitement to violence being folated by America's foremost Jew hater.


Write immediately to info@mli.com. I just wanted to throw that up in case you did wanna write immediately to him because you do understand the threats of Hawaiian pizzas. Or maybe just to ask him, generally speaking, what, what are you suing her for? Like, what is this? How, how are you gonna s what lawyers are taking this case? Don don't know If. you guys find out any answers, let me know. I just wanted to bring it to your attention because he, maybe he's raising money. I don't know what he's doing there, but he's doing something. All Right. guys, before I read your comments and jump into this chat, see what you guys are saying, I want to thank our sponsors and remind you guys about American Financing because I know that right now in this economic climate, this economic climate, which Kamala could help fix, but she's gonna wait until she's president next year to start fixing it.


Tons of people are stressed out because the monthly income is not seeming to cover the bills anymore. And there are a lot of Americans who are feeling that everything is getting more and more expensive. People are reaching more and more for their credit cards to cover basic costs like childcare, insurance, power, food. It is tough. And if you're feeling this way, you should call American Financing. They're helping hardworking Americans just like you tap into their home's equity line to pay off their high interest debt and even create some additional savings to be ready for whatever life throws your way with interest rates. Finally, dropping a company like American Financing that never charges any upfront or hidden fees as the perfect partner to help you get into a better financial position, their consultants are saving homeowners and average of $800 a month waiting is not an option. So please call 807 9 5 12 10.


Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Alright, let's get into some of your comments. This one says, smoothly behaves like a, like a schmuck. I think that's, is that Yiddish? The, this person says, the rabbi and his daughter have a really super weird relationship. It is so creepy and cringe. Hi Jira. She just, or he writes, hi Candace, great show. And this person says, the system isn't going to recover. It is a dead horse. This person says CANDACE, I love your humor. I'm gonna jump in now and read some of the super chats that some of you guys paid to be able to ask me a question. Baptist writes, here we go again with the government suppressing free speech, we need God and Trump in our world today, and we need, we, we truly do need people to return to faith because that's what it's all about.


you know, I gave a speech at a Catholic conference over the weekend and I realized that that's the big thing. Once, once you truly understand what's happening, you realize it is not about even politics. It's not even about one figure. It's always been about a battle of good versus evil, God versus Satan. And you just gotta decide what team you're on. And clearly Paval Derah made a decision. He decided what team he is on and he's now being persecuted for it. Tom VT v Ry Tecan is, please consider looking into Alice Siah, a Christian Palestinian living near Bethlehem that just got arrested by Israel for defending her land. I will take a look into it. My producer writes that. Recent reports say that she was arrested after protesting Israel taking her family's land near Bethlehem.


I would certainly look into that story. Discovery Outdoors writes, it's time for the United States citizens to remove control from the government and shut down brainwashing media whose only aim is to divide us. Yes, the media is a part of the gang that's very obvious. As soon as somebody starts speaking about freedom, as soon as somebody starts pointing to the gang, I mean, quite literally, I faced the most malevolent attacks last week because I pointed out the fact that Leo Frank, a convicted pedophile is a pedophile. And I wouldn't stay quiet on that. don, don't care how much power the a DL has. You're not gonna be able to use the smear of antisemitism to get me as a mother to three young children to shut up. It just not, it doesn't work for me. You gotta have your, you gotta pick your battles and I feel like fighting sadistic pedophiles might be mine.


Like that's a, I'm very comfortable with that hilt. That's the one I had to die on, you know, discovery Outdoors. I'm sorry, just, just read that one. JD the Beast, right? CANDACE, you are a brilliant speaker. I know you said you don't care about running for office for now, but I can easily see you as Trump's press secretary. Yeah, you know, for me, I just am not sure how much has actually changed in government. You know, we, we need a a radical transformation and I think the only way things are going to change is if we change people's hearts and change people's minds. And just seeing the amount of people who write to me and say, Hey, Candace, like I've completely changed my perspectives after, after listening to your podcast, people that are brought onto this platform and see the world for what it is. I, I think I'm making a more severe impression by just speaking to the public Tena rights.


Take care, Candace If, you push this, I am afraid it's your turn. They will accuse you of human trafficking and child porn and petto and drug smuggling. Yes. Yeah, they don't have, they've already done the smears like you, once you collect 'em all, like I've been racist, trans phobe, anti-Semitic, Holocaust, Denni, And. so now they've gotta move in and they gotta come after me for something criminal like taxes, like they're gonna lock me up for taxes or something. I don't know if people are gonna buy the child pornography petto stuff. Maybe aiding in abetting complicit. They like complicit now we will see. But I am definitely on their list. Obviously you can just tell by the way the media covers anything that I say. The Deron Williams show writes this case is proof that the real war is between citizens and the government.


All of them. Yes, I agree. I believe governance is now unnatural when it gets to this size. I, I think that we should all be living in our little communities and just completely avoiding the government at all costs. you know what I mean? We should be farming, we should be going to a farmer's market and we should be trading with one another. That's how that should be working. This person writes, hoping all y'all contribute in your own way, whatever you can, freedom and independent expression doesn't pay without support. My pitch to keep you from Big Corp and tech. I ain't going back to corporations I am or big tech, anything like that. I'm completely done with it. I, like I said, once I've looked up close, once I saw it up close, what it is that we're actually fighting. I've made my decision, I've made my bed, and I'm very happy to lie in it.


I am going to be fighting for freedom, whatever the cost. Sarah tha writes, thank you Canice. You are a mighty warrior in God's army. Expose the lies. We are with you. Thank you. Mind your eyes, rights. Do you regret going to Jerusalem for Israel's capital change in 2017? I'm all Trump, but I hardly agree with you Israeli government. I severely regret having ever supported BB net and Yahoo in any capacity. I think that he is a problematic, and I think that if I had ever seen those videos, which I saw thereafter of him speaking about and to America, like a thug, like a gangster, like I've got them under control. I will pass laws and anybody who speaks against me, I would've never, I mean, how could I ever look you guys in the face and say that I'm an American first patriot while tail in between my legs knowing that this guy speaks about America in that way?


I just, I couldn't do it. But I think some people are just able to, like, some people just don't care. They can be fake and they can say one thing and behave in a different way or try to, I guess, carve out some, some extraordinary lane where, okay, I agree that it's America first unless, and I just suffer from realness. Truly, when Kanye West wrote a song and he said, I suffer from realness, I felt that. I felt that. I was like, yeah, if I could just be less real, I would suffer less. don don't know. We'll see. Lastly, Alan Paulson writes, rabbi Schmoozey is a poisonous snake. He is, but I can't look away.


I I'm not above it. I cannot look away. I can't All Right. guys, we are going to wrap this up and remind you to head to Club Candace dot com. If, you wanna support the show, support our independence. You can get a don't care built different, like I said, we put them back in stock last week. You can also head to locals.com, give whatever you can, even if it's just $5 for the whole year. This is what keeps us free. It allows me to keep saying what I say until they say, I can't anymore. And lock me up and accuse me of human child sex trafficking, pedophilia, pornography, and say that they're doing it all to protect freedoms of Americans and people worldwide when I'm in reality, they're a gang, they're gangsters, and they are the pedophiles and the human sex traffickers, and I hate them all. I'll see you guys tomorrow.