
Alright. Right guys. Happy Friday. I have a major scoop for you. This is gonna be a fun Friday because it's regarding Taylor Swift and the Blake Lively lawsuit, which is just, I'm obsessed with it. I am so sorry. Basically a protection order was filed and agreed to last night by all parties. So just waiting for the judge to sign off on it. And I can tell you right now that depositions are coming. It is a fact, an absolute fact also in the wildest, most pathetic, most dishonest and cowardly response ever to the becoming Bridgette series President Emmanuel Macron and Brae Macron have their goons coming out and saying that they never received my letter back to them.


My letter back to them with the 21 questions, which they replied to with the preservation order. Absolutely insane. What can I say other than Jit Macron, who's got some balls? Welcome back to Candace. All Right guys. Taylor Swift. She's getting to post it is happening. It is happening. Everybody stay calm. Okay, so yesterday, as I mentioned yesterday evening again at 11:02 PM I don't know why Blake Lively's team likes to file these things late in the day knowing that I'm monitoring things and I can't stay up that late.


But they filed a protective order and I at first looked at it and I thought that they had done this by themselves, but actually it looks like it was agreed to by both parties to protect some of the things that may come up in discovery and through all of these subpoenas. Now my lawyer told me that this is actually pretty standard. My poor lawyer who I call all the time asking questions about this case and he tells me that I'm not a party the case at all, but he's gotta give me legal advice. Anyways, this is a pretty standard thing that happens in commercial cases and it's really just a measure that's used to protect business interests. So I'm giving you guys a really bad analogy here, but let's say I'm in court and I'm fighting with Chase Bank about something and all of this is obviously public and we move together for the judge to seal certain aspects because we don't need those things to become public fodder.


So maybe it's like my account statements like why does the public need to know if I'm waking up every day and buying Starbucks coffee, whatever it is, it's just irrelevant to the public. And so that's what they're doing. They're trying to say, okay, there might be some things that come out that are not relevant to the public. But the language here in this protection order I found to be very interesting. And at first it made me think instantly of Taylor Swift. So we're gonna pull this up. I'm calling this like the Taylor Swift clause In the protection order, it says the person producing any given discovery material may designate it as confidential or attorney's eyes only. Only such portion of such material. The public disclosure of which is either restricted by law or will cause harm to the business, commercial, financial or personal interests of the producing person and or a third party including high profile individuals to whom a duty of confidentiality is owed.


I don know why they are. I don't know why we owe these high profile people confidentiality and that consists of a previously non-disclosed financial information, blah, blah blah blah blah. Okay, you get it? So I'm thinking this means like we're not gonna be able to read these Taylor Swift text messages. We're not gonna be able to read or they're gonna like seal her deposition. Turns out I am completely wrong because I have it on very good authority that Taylor Swift is gonna get subpoenaed and she's going to be deposed and she is up first. They want her first, they have heard the public fee please. And essentially we're just, we're gonna get it. We are finally gonna get what we want. And this is a very, very, very big deal and I'll tell you why.


First and foremost with my lot non-legal expertise, as I have said from the very beginning, smartest possible move for Justin B's team to make, I've said depose her. I wasn't sure they were gonna do it because Brian Friedman was asked about it by Harvey Levin on TMZ. And he said, well, we don't know. We'll see which way this case goes. And I'm going, what do you mean you don't know? That would be like the very first thing I would do. I would depose Taylor Swift against Blake Lively because First and foremost, no matter how you feel about Taylor Swift, you have to recognize and respect the fact that she is a machine, okay? She is an absolute machine. She will do everything to protect her image. In other words, Blake and Ryan will wind up fighting a real dragon, okay?


A real dragon that has an army of teenagers that are behind her. And it is my professional opinion that she was very much involved, she was involved in this circumstance and that currently her team is lying to the public. I kept saying they are clearly lying to the public and trying to signal Justin bald. He's team like, look, we have nothing to do with this. We're not friends with her anymore. We don't even like her. We don't even know her. We can't believe she said this. They were running articles, she feels used, she feels abused. They claimed to TMZ in one article that she only met Justin once. And it was briefly and essentially she was startled because the meeting was supposed to be over at Blake's apartment and then she arrived and Justin Baldoni was there and then they painted this narrative like Taylor was just really nice and because she thought this is Blake's boss and she was being really kind, had a brief discussion and never spoke to him again.


And we just know objectively that that is not true, okay? We know objectively that is not true because both Blake Lively and Justin bald despite this contentious fight, have agreed on the fact that Taylor Swift was involved in this film, okay? They just have agreed on that without knowing that this fight was coming when everything was all good in the hood and Blake Lively was using her name. So I'm gonna jog your memory just so you understand how many points she's involved in, how many times she could be subject to having to answer questions about maybe giving text messages pertaining to First and foremost the casting of Young Lily Bloom, otherwise known as the actress Isabella Farer.


Remember she said this on the red carpet premiere, I hear that Taylor may have had some influence in getting yes role. She did. Yeah, I know. I don't even know if I'm meant to be saying it, but I'm saying it. Yeah, she was a helpful part of the process of the audition, which I found out later after I got it. And that rocked my world. Yeah, I, yeah, I have no words. And Justin Baldoni confirmed this in an interview. He said that this happened, but listen to his language, okay? Because it sounds like he's maybe seeing Taylor Swift more than at that one time at the apartment in which she was quote unquote startled and never spoke to him again according to the PR teams.


Take a listen. Well, she told me Taylor Swift helped her get the role, like signed off on Her audition tape. Well, I had brought in, I was casting and I, and I had actually brought in and showed her casting tape to Blake and Taylor and they were both like, yes her. And that's a, that's, that's a true story. But she just blew me away. She just blew me away in the audition. Okay, so she, he showed the casting tape. Did all that happen in a couple of minutes? Are we supposed to believe that happened in a couple of minutes at the apartment when she apparently just said, hi, bye, nice to meet you boss. He then said, oh, let me show you the casting tapes for Lily Bloom. More going on there, okay?


They're lying to the public. And again, this is because Tree is trying to protect her client the right thing to do by the way you the right that is the job of a PR person, which is try to signal to the public that she wants nothing to do with it so that she doesn't have to get pulled into this. Now we should also be reminded that Taylor Swift also allegedly got the lead composer on the film. Brian Tyler fired and the guy under him allegedly for personal reasons, we were told by this anonymous Reddit post, which came out way before any of this broken the public and no one believed the person at the time. And yet everything this person has said has now fact checked true. So they were alleging that Taylor Swift came in there and was like, If you wanna use my song, my Tears Ricochet, which they did again showing that she was very involved in this film then you can't have these guys as the composers.


And we saw that Brian, whereas Brian Taylor is friends with Justin Bald and he's worked with him in the past and that he had written a score for this movie. For whatever reason his music was not used. So where there's smoke, there is fire. And they have not explicitly denied that despite the fact that all of the podcasters and talkers are speaking about that. There has not been this denial from Taylor Swift's camp. Then there's this, okay, we went over how odd the it ends with us credits were I oh sexually harassed and now we're just mocking him everywhere, mocking Justin Baldon everywhere. But she, thanks Taylor Swift. So bingo obviously she was involved. Now you might say, oh well it's because her song was used.


Well we found out from that Reddit post that it was more than that. They had a sit down with Bradley Cooper, which is why he's mentioned in the, it ends with us in, it ends with US credits because they had this like celebrity screening of Blake Lively's cut, but then it was the person said it was like her cut was problematic. So they brought in Taylor Swift's videographer or Taylor Swift's music video makers to help with the edit. Well then I noticed that in the, it ends with a what? It ends with US credits, there is a person named Stia Dki and I had not scooped this before So I was looking up everybody on this list like a psycho. And I was like, who's Stephania Doki? It turns out that she's an editor, she's a director and she's a a photographer who previously worked with Taylor Swift, not just Taylor Swift but also Blake Lively.


This is from Stia DLow Key's website. She has a list of every music video she's worked on and this is Taylor Swift's song. I bet you think about me, you see it lists Shane Reed and also Blake Lively. This is Blake Lively in her directorial debut. This was back in November of 2021. So she directed Taylor Swift's video and the person that did the edits was this Stephania and they clearly brought on Stephania Taylor Swift's team to come in and get involved in this move movie. Okay, so you don't get to now go, oh I had nothing. I just one little run in here with Justin Baldoni. I have nothing else to do with anything. Okay, then you have the fact that Blake Lively herself admitted during an an August, 2024 panel.


They're doing all of these promos, they're on, you know, the promotional tour and they did this stop I guess really to appeal to influencers and speak about the movie and she just flat out spells out the fact that Taylor Swift was involved every step of the way with this film. Take a listen. Was it exciting? Did you have to make some calls? There were a lot of calls made for a lot of songs in this movie, honestly like this movie, I think that like when you see it, it feels like a big beautiful summer movie, but like we didn't have any budget so there were a lot of favors and a lot of begging and were your niece for Taylor.


I mean honestly, she, she was with me on this experience the whole time all throughout it. So like she really lived this with me. So yeah, she was, you know, she's a person who shows up for you and I'm so grateful to have that love and that support but, but yeah there were other other people too that I had to call and beg and people that said no, but I don't know what that means. So if somebody is dictionary, I would love to find the definition of that. It's so confusing to me. It's really interesting when you consider really the thrust of this lawsuit and you can only imagine the things that she's allowed to say. If Justin had ever said that, if he was like, I don't take no for an answer or can somebody show me what it looks like in a dictionary?


I don't listen when I'm told no, they would've made a a, a big stink about it, particularly in their filings. But all of that's believable by the way. So she's just saying right there, Taylor Swift's been involved since the beginning, you know, every step of the way more than just the song that she gave us. It's believable because as I pointed out, we have been so focused on that text message about the dragons and ksi because it's wacky and it's weird and it's crazy and it's unstable. But what's also compelling is that the very first time that Ryan Reynolds and Justin Baldoni speak via text message when they first are introduced to each other, Ryan Reynolds immediately name drops Taylor Swift, okay? She's the only person they're blurring out in this lawsuit.


So I'm gonna remind you of this. This is important. He is basically saying how great Blake is and then he says Justin Baldoni, some of the greatest creative decisions I've made are in fact Blake. The same goes for Taylor. The acting is a small piece of a pretty astounding patchwork quilt of creativity. So he name drops her right away and I remind you she was coming outta that relationship with Joe Alwin and she was spending a lot of time with them at the beginning of her eras tour. She was being pictured with them. It's what she likes to do when she gets out of relationship. She likes to Girl Squad get photographed by paparazzi and I would just imagine she needed something to play with and it ends with us, ended up being what she decided to play with.


Then of course the most obvious thing is that Ryan uses Taylor Swift Swift's strategy of dropping Easter eggs all over social media, all over the Deadpool movie, all over the, it ends with us credits all over the Deadpool credits to take all of these digs that Justin Baldoni again, which makes all of us not believe that she was actually sexually harassed and rather they were moving to try to squeeze her and to eventually just have Blake replace Justin Baldon as the director on the film, you know, by playing this part of I'm a victim, this is whether you wanna admit it or not, this is Taylor Swift's Mo, so she's screwed, she's up first on their people to depose and we are going to be able to read that deposition, you know, 'cause there's, there's nothing proprietary there.


We don't, we don't need her accounts and you can't say, well I don't wanna be deposed because I'm Taylor Swift and there might be something in there that shows that I'm a liar. You can't do that. This is a, this is a PR crisis for Taylor Swift and I'm gonna tell you why that interests me, okay? It interests me because this moment is super interesting for the left and the right because, and I was having this call with Taylor Lorenz, formerly of the Washington Post this morning and she was asking me specifically about this lawsuit and why is it that it seems that it's bringing together the left and the right. And I sort of said to her, well actually at least for me, I have been on this Me Too thing for a very long time. 'cause I recognize that it was becoming a business strategy.


But I think that something fractured for people that were on the left with the Amber Heard lawsuit and they didn't forget that. They didn't forget what Amber Heard said to them and then what they watched throughout the hearings and her kind of just completely forgetting the fact that she had abused Johnny. We got to read her messages and we kind of up close got to see how the press can just completely take down a man. I'm not saying that everything that Johnny Depp did was great in this relationship. I mean both of them were admitting to doing drugs on the stand, but it definitely, they just chose the, the woman in this And so many details were left out and I think it was a good moment. I think that fracturing was good because it allowed us to all go, let's pause and actually think and consider that maybe we're not being told the truth and that maybe sometimes women do lie.


And I have known for years, okay, trust me when I tell you I know enough people in Hollywood that Taylor Swift is considered a very shrewd businesswoman. She's gotten away with a lot of things because truly and don't, don't kill me swifties, but it's because of this empire of teenage girls. It's because I have to say don't kill me swifties when I share some facts with you. And it's funny 'cause I said to you the timing of this book, I wrote an entire chapter on Taylor Swift's brand of feminism and I was kind of going back to what was that moment when I was no longer on the Taylor Swift Cha train and I was like, I can enjoy her music, I can enjoy the artist. And I still, like I said in my Instagram stories today, I'm gonna bop to London Boy forever.


Like it's totally fine. I can genuinely appreciate it brings me back nostalgia. Some of the albums. I'm the same age as her, but in 2019 I was like, I'm good off of Taylor Swift because her and I are the same age and we're both involved in business. And when I saw her do that move against Scooter Braun, something in me broke. And So I wanted to kind of jog your memory about that really quickly before we get to Leslie Sloan prs move because I'm really interested to hear what Swifties have to say about this with new information and with time and with you guys getting older. I don't know why, I'm assuming everybody's a teenager. That is a swifty. But the point being is that you're kind of growing up and you're starting to sort, starting to see these strategies that can be used when you revisit that situation and you learn more facts about it if it at all disturbs you.


So again, this book has not been published yet. I'm literally showing you the manuscript from my Microsoft Word documents. It's, and you can buy the book and I shouldn't be showing you this 'cause I, why would I show you this? But I think it's important. So here we go. We can bring this up. I'm gonna pull it up here on my laptop gang. So I write in my book before unpacking this incredible event. This is between her and Scooter Brawn. It's important to, at first note that Taylor Swift does not represent a rags to riches Hollywood story. In fact, if Taylor had never become famous, she would have had to settle with just being wealthy. Taylor Swift grew up on an idyllic Christmas tree farm in West reading Pennsylvania. Her father, Scott Swift was a stockbroker for Merrill Lynch and her mother was a marketing executive for a financial fund.


It's important to note that both her parents had careers which would have rendered them financially savvy. They hired their daughter, a talent manager at the age of 12, and Scott relocated to Merrill Lynch's Nashville office so that Taylor could pursue her career in music two years later. Suffice it to say that when record executive Scott Borchetta approached her family to sign their daughter in 2005, Taylor was well represented. So well represented in fact that her financially savvy father purchased a 3% stake in Borchetta new company big machine records under which Taylor Swift was signed. Naturally there would've been a fleet of lawyers involved from both sides to close the deal.


Of course, neither Scott Swift nor Scott Borchetta could have ever predicted Taylor's future success. When they orchestrated that deal, they simply agreed to what they both thought was fair. At that time, Borchetta took a chance on an unknown Taylor Swift and that risk paid off until Taylor decided that it somehow wasn't fair. 14 years later, Taylor decided that she would re-litigate her business deal through the tactic which had always served her manipulating the emotions of her fans who she could assume knew nothing about business. At the heart of the matter was a man named Scooter Braun who had recently just purchased big machine records through his holding company, through his perfectly, it was through this perfectly legal business transaction.


He had acquired the masters to the music catalog that Taylor Swift had created. While under the label for definition for definition's sake, a master was effectively an original recording. Whoever therefore owns the master recording controls the destiny of the song. Should any person or company wish to use that song in a TV advert, a fee must be paid to the owner of the master. Okay, so then I get into like clearly Taylor Swift leaves big machine records, she goes with Universal and she posts this Tumblr post, this this notorious Tumblr post when Scooter Braun acquires the company. What people didn't know that was going on in the background was that Taylor Swift just in her mind, had had this huge fight with Kanye West over the famous music video and Kim Kardashian and she associated Scooter Braun with Kanye West as like his manager.


And the reality is he actually wasn't his manager. 'cause I did the due diligence on this book at the time that that famous music video was posted. So she just didn't like him. She considered him to be team Kanye and just didn't want him to buy the Masters. But she never told the public that her dad owned a piece of the company. This drives me, I was like, this is the most wildly manipulative thing to pretend that this is isn't a normal business transaction. It's like he bought a house and something was built into the house and he's like, okay, well I'm buying this house, I'm buying it. It comes with the pool and then Taylor Swift takes a Tumblr and she's like, I sat next to that pool and I wrote my song. 'cause it's like, girl, I don't care what your memories are here, I'm just buying a company.


Like I don't, I had nothing to do with the deal that you and your dad or your dad and Borchetta orchestrated. You're not the only person here under this record label. Anyways, getting, just, just showing you the beginning of her Tumblr post that she posted because I, I just remember as again, her and I were the same age. I was like, this is insane. She wrote for years I asked Pleaded for a chance to own my work. Instead I was given an opportunity to sign back up to big machine records and earn one album back at a time. One for every new one I turned in. I walked away because I knew once I signed that contract, Scott Borchetta would sell the label thereby selling me and my future.


I had to make the excruciating choice to leave behind my past music that I wrote on my bedroom floor and videos that I dreamed up and paid for from the money that I earned playing in bars then clubs and arenas, then stadiums. You pleaded for a chance to own your work. Did you talk to your dad? Why did you tell that look like your dad was literally there's only, there were only five people that were a part of this business and one of these people was her father. So this just, this entire thing was just not plausible. And then she did in a second maneuver, she posts this other Tumblr post, which is an objective lie guys. It's an objective lie and again relies on people not knowing business to call out this lie.


It was about the ama. She wrote this guys, it's been announced recently that the American Music Awards will be honoring me with the Artist of the Decade Award. At this year's ceremony, I've been planning to perform a medley of my hits through the decade on the show. Scott Borchetta and Scooter Braun have now said that I'm not allowed to perform my old songs on television because they claim that would be rerecording my music before I'm allowed to next year. So this is just an objective live. For those of you that don't understand what a master recording is, they can't, it has nothing to do with you live performing something, it's literally just what you already recorded and, and that we own, right? So like it's, it's on the album and you could say you can't play this exact album like My Tears ricochet in the it Ends With Us movie.


They could have stopped that, right? The exact copy, it has to be an exact copy. That is what the master is. It has nothing to do with live recording. And again, people who don't know business or know the ins and outs of music would've accepted this. Which is why I just say at the bottom of this post. And the thing that bothered me about this was because I remember at the time Scooter bro's wife pleading publicly with her not to do this because their kids were getting death threats because her army of fans were just so angry. They were so angry 'cause they believed that she was this perfect victim. And then the story ends, by the way, If you wanna pull this up, back to that post Skylar first, I said everything about miss appeal to her fan base is despicable. Even the title don't know what else to do is absurd.


You know what else to do, working it out via normal contract negotiations would be a start. Second, don't try and emotionally manipulate your fan base to ruin people's lives. Words and phrases such as tyrannical wrong, be a good little girl and shut up. The, the entire appeal was, was just like, help me, help me. I don't know what to do. Not like I'm a billionaire and I have access to the most powerful marketing team in the world. And yeah, it sucks by the way. I, I can to some extent I would've ag agreed with her if she had done it on more honest terms and said like, you know, when you're a young artist and you sign and she just said like, you know, obviously my dad had control, I didn't. And you're kind of would've done things differently and you realize how hard you're working and you feel like, you know, your, your celebrity has outgrown that contract.


It's really frustrating. That would've been cool. Like that would've been the cool adult thing to do rather than to pretend like you were a total victim. And the the story ends and it, it never got told her dad got paid $15 million like, like when they got sold. And then a couple of months later, scooter Braun resold it 'cause it was just a normal business transaction and it was more about her hatred of Kanye West at that time. And I, from that moment on in 2009, I just like just saw her for this like kind of saw this maneuver of If you can control the press, If you can control the narrative, then you can take down people and you can get what you want. And the craziest part of the story is actually the fact that Taylor Swift now makes double the money.


So then she recorded everything, her fans were behind her, like, you rerecord your stuff and we'll buy that. And she never told her fans, but, but I still own the percentage of the, of, you know, what my dad orchestrated in the beginning. So she's making money both ways. It actually was an incredibly financially savvy, and I will say actually a brilliant Machiavellian scheme to magnify her money, magnify her ownership while keeping her young fan base kind of emotionally swayed. And I felt, I felt that it was so wrong. And so when I look at this situation with what's happening with Blake and she's doing kind of that same maneuver of saying like, I've been used, I really just don't buy it and I'm tired of it. I'm like, I'm like exhausted with that narrative that she's used every single time and she's 30 gonna be 36 this year.


Okay, you're smart, you are capable, you have done things in your life that are wrong, okay? Relationship wise, business relationship wise. And you can't keep doing this because you've done a good job of kind of curating your brand as a helpless little girl. It's just wrong. Okay? And so what I can expect, and this is what I am again, I'm guessing this here, is that they are now done with Blake Lively. I think that that's real. I don't think that this, this is fake anymore. And this might be the reason that Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds fold because what matters to them in their narcissistic world is the friendship with Taylor Swift. That's the only thing that can actually impact them. They like that access to power.


They like being able to tell people like Taylor Swift is our friend, she's our dragon. And if they think that that's gonna be removed from their lives, then they might go, okay, I don't wanna do this lawsuit, let's issue a statement and let's settle this thing. That's, that is my, again, that is totally my own prognostication. Who knows? But my guess is gonna be because I've seen her move, she, she's shutting down this friendship ASAP because she doesn't want people to have access to those messages. And I don't think, think it's gonna be a nice girl. I don't think you're gonna get a sweet girl who would've never done this to Justin Baldoni. I think the public is going to be very, very surprised when they meet the very media savvy, very capable, very business savvy. Taylor Swift.


That's my, that's my point now that's true by the way, with the red hair. And listen, I respect them both. They've killed it. They've, they've killed her brand, they've killed stories, they've persuaded the masses. And like I said, no matter what happens, I'm still bopping London. Boy, it's a great song and there's some more songs too that my daughter likes off of the Lover album. I'll probably be at her concert. I'll just be like, listen, I don't believe anything you're saying, but like lover's a good album, you know what I'm saying? Another news, by the way, Leslie Sloan pr, and I forgot to bring up the chart for you, but just to remind you, Leslie Sloan PR is the PR firm that reps Blake and Ryan Reynolds, and they have reed them for years, like close to a decade, okay?


And their attorney, who is Sigrid MCC McCauley, the one that represented Epstein's victims, the one that made a fool of herself in the hearing by just trying to use a girl power strategy. My, they should not be in this because they run a all girl firm. What? Well, she's now filed a motion for them to be dismissed from Justin Ball's lawsuit. Plus they want all of their attorney fees covered in what's known as an antis slapp motion. Anti slapp basically meaning that If you bring about a defamation lawsuit and there is no grounds for that lawsuit, then they can charge you the attorney fees. And so every state has different laws pertaining to Antis slapp, they're asking for their attorney fees to be covered and their reason, in case you're wondering in the filing, this again went in yesterday as well.


They're saying, well they opened this up by saying, well, Justin Baldoni once said that he believed women. I'm not kidding. They're they're doing the feminist thing. This has been their whole strategy. They wrote this quote, Justin Baldon has spent years profiting off the feminist and hashtag me too movements, pedaling books, podcasts, TED talks and more using slogans about believing survivors, ending victim blaming and promoting informed consent. His conduct in this dispute is therefore sheer hypocrisy. Like I I, I'm just so shocked by this like this is like I'm a girl. He said things close to a decade ago that we should believe women. And when he was in a Ted X stage and I said something and I wanna be believed, so get me outta here.


I don't wanna be here anymore. It's just, it's crazy. And then we move from this like feminist strategy to this unbelievable dip in IQ altogether. This is a real statement from their filing. Baldon does not deny the lion's share of misconduct for which he's accused. Instead he tries to contextualize his behavior and suggest that Ms. Lively asks for it. Then they give an example. You can see in the bottom notes there, for instance, Mr. Bald responds to Ms. Lively's allegation that Baldi and Heath invaded her trailer uninvited while she was undressed included when she was breastfeeding her infant child by publishing a text message where Ms.


Lively invited Baldi to her trailer. Yeah, that's some, that's kind of some important context. What are you accusing him of providing the context that lets us know that she's lying? They're like how dare he interrupt her narrative where she says that he barged into the trailer by then including a text message which proves that he was actually invited into the trailer. Like what lawyer put this in here that is truly just unwise. It is the nicest way I can say it. Like whoever put this together is not a very intelligent lawyer. That is your defense. How dare he contextualize our out of context statements? Yeah, that's the kind of important to contextualize everything that you guys have said.


And when they did that, it made the public understand that your, your clients are playing a very nasty game. Then they go on and they accuse him of like, you know, predatory behavior. He and his team used every weapon in their arsenal blame to embarrass and to silence. And then they go back to that initial CRD complaint of trying to put things out of context. They say their crisis PR manager who promised to quote unquote bury Ms. Lively and quote unquote destroy her life. They have since debunked that so many times. This was the New York Times hook. We're gonna bury her, we're gonna destroy her. And then when you actually see the full context as presented by Brian Friedman, you realize this is a nasty game of PR and they plucked and choose what they wanted to create their own narrative narrative.


Now they also go on to say that they want to be dropped from this lawsuit because there's no evidence of extortion. They say that there is no evidence of defamation. And I'm gonna tell you guys right away that I do not think that the judge is going to allow them to be dismissed because it's just a really weak filing First and foremost that does nothing to make, if I'm the judge make me think that they weren't involved in this. There's also going to be some limited discovery involved in that circumstance. And given the fact that Leslie Sloan pr, as I said has represented Ryan and Blake for almost a decade, it's just not likely that it was not them that was shopping around those articles that we saw during the premier time when all these articles were premiering that were coming out about Justin Baldoni saying the cast didn't like him and saying that Blake thought he was a creep.


Remember this TMZ article and they have a strong contact. Leslie Sloan PR at TMZ, Blake Lively, Justin Bald, she felt kissing, seen, lingered too long heels he fat shamed her. So we were getting an early preview of the CRD complaint in TMZ who would've dropped that in TMZ if not her own PR firm. Like that's just, obviously that's coming from that. It was also People magazine that says it ends with us. Justin Bald Clash goes past Blake Lively. The cast will have nothing to do with him who had access to the cast that would have dropped the cast that would have dropped that in People Magazine. They then go on and I want to just blatantly call out the absolute BS on the claim that Leslie Sloan is saying that she did not get involved with her clients until August 8th.


Okay? That's from the filing. She did not get involved until August 8th. Look at that. Completely crazy. Ms. Sloan did not speak to the press about bald until August 8th when she responded to a press inquiry about a story that bald baldoni he's team had planted days if not weeks earlier. Maybe you didn't directly speak to the press, Leslie, maybe you had one of your younger junior people on the team speaks to the press, but you are not going to make the public believe that you were not involved until August 8th. You would've been involved all year. Okay? Your, both of your clients, Ryan and Blake had movies. Again, relying on the public to not understand how PR works.


We are obviously not going to accept that you didn't get involved until August 8th, but Deadpool had premiered the month earlier. It ends with us had premiered, what was it, August 3rd or maybe on August 8th. And in the midst of an absolute firestorm, we're supposed to think like you just weren't speaking to them or dealing with the press at all or, or your firm was not dealing with the press at all LOL. It's also highly unlikely that they were not involved when Jennifer Abel's phone got taken away. Remember that Jennifer Abel was the one who left Stephanie Jones PR and then joined kind of the new PR and took Justin bald with her. She got her phone taken away from Stephanie Jones. That was kind of the basis of a New York Times story text messages that they forced her to hand over her phone and then they found and emails that were out of context.


There's no chance that Ryan and Reynolds and Leslie Sloan did not speak before that. Now I wanna show you this be before we move on from this. 'cause I think this is insane. I think, and again, this is fully opinion that Ryan Reynolds engaged this psychopath in trying to, once they had made the decision to go to the New York Times, which they had been threatening to do behind the scenes apparently, that he tried to essentially create an alibi for himself and for Leslie Sloan pr because there's a very weird text message exchange that she drops. Allegedly this text message that took place between her and Ryan Reynolds took place on August 13th. August 13th, okay, let's pull it up.


This is from the filing yesterday. Leslie says, hi, it's Les just checking in to tell you that I'm thinking about you Bee and the family hugs to all xx. Ryan then says, thank you. This is the craziest thing I've ever witnessed in my life, but it will be resolved. Okay? Let me tell you right away what is wrong with that message on August 13th? Why is she saying hi? It's Les who starts a text message with like that, with anyone who's already admitted in her filing. She's saying she, she got involved. She didn't speak to the press directly until August 9th. I don't even believe that, but you're telling me that this is after Kirsten Flaws video had dropped. Everything's going insane.


He's had Deadpool. You're starting a message with, hi, it's Les. You don't have his number. You don't, you don't have Ryan Reynolds. He's been your, he's been your client for a decade. You don't have his number. The only excuse for this would be you had a new number. You got a new number in which case you would've started with, Hey, it's Les new number. And he probably would've checked to make sure it was in fact Les to make sure it was a new number or something. But why does she start this text with Hi, it's Les. Then they go on and they say, this is another exchange that they had. And this is very weird. Again, Ryan's way too formal. I'm telling you right now, I have a PR person. You are the most informal with your PR person, my guys, Mitchell, and you're constantly in fire, especially when you're a firestorm.


Like they call you up, they're like, the New Yorker is running a piece saying that you're Adolf Hitler. You're not like, hi. Hi, it's Mitchell. I would like to, I'm like, what the heck? What's going on? This is crazy. This is, we have, we have to stop. This is insane. This is not true. Watch this next message that's next to it that Ryan allegedly sent. They're using this as proof that they had nothing to do with the storm. On the right hand side there, Ryan says, in perfect language, now we know he's crazy. So this makes me uncomfortable. It's like serial killer vibes. Thanks for sending, it's imperative. We stay silent on everything and speak to nobody, as I mentioned in Denmark before Blake's premier to not talk to anyone about any of these attacks on Blake.


Just making sure you haven't done that at any point. Question mark. I think this is sweet. Bart said, I think this is sweet that Bart said this, but the only thing to do is to remain quiet for now. So they're introducing this as a message that Ryan sent, okay, in August in mid-August to Leslie Sloan PR as proof that they had nothing to do with everything that was leaking. Pull that text back out. 'cause it's just it. Do no one texts like this. Don't forget that. I also told you in Denmark back in August not to say anything. There's no record of that. So I'm creating it right here in this message. Do not talk to anyone about any of these attacks on Blake.


Wink, wink. Hi, it's Les. Hey Les, it's me, Ryan. Don't do the thing that we're definitely doing, but we need to now create a trail that says that we didn't do it. You feel I'm saying you're definitely feeling the same, right? This is like, it's giving alibi. It is giving, we're making a decision to go crazy. I'm trying. He's trying to buy his company and it's even crazier when you consider that. He's saying don't say anything after he's created the movie Deadpool and he has said everything Ryan has said everything that he could possibly say in the public sphere like he is petty Betty. Okay, petty Betty everywhere, all over the internet.


I'm Deadpool in the credits now he's, hello, this is Ryan. Let's not do anything and be really mature. Remember when I also said let's not do anything at the premier in Denmark? Guys, guys smells like an alibi and it was dumb. If you wanna do an alibi, Leslie, don't start with Hyatts. Les. Don't start with Hyatts. Les, you got to, I can help you. I keep saying this guys, If you give me a budget, I can help you. Call me Ryan. Call me, okay? Don't put me in the new Deadpool movie that's coming out and make petty little jokes. I can help you. You're just being, you guys aren't being very smart right now. I know you're the magician.


You're the narcissist that believes in his own magic and you thought that you definitely orchestrated this weird alibi thing that you're doing, but it was a bad idea. I know you can't see yourself because you think you're untouchable, but you've been touched, my friend. You've been touched. Hi, it's me, Candace, please don't do anything. All Right guys, don't do anything. As I read a couple of messages from our sponsors.


First one coming up Ramp. Do you want a better way to simplify finance operations for your business across expenses, vendor payments and accounting? If so, Ramp could be a complete game changer for you. Ramp is the corporate card and spend management software that's designed to help you save time and put money back in your pocket. Ramp gives finance teams unprecedented control and insight into company spend. And with Ramp, you'll be able to issue cards to every employee with limits and restrictions and automated expense reporting so that you can stop wasting time at the end of every month. Ramp's Accounting and software automatically collects receipts and it categorizes your expenses in real time so that you don't have to, and you'll never have to chase down a receipt again and your employees will no longer spend hours submitting expense reports. The time that you'll save each month on employee expenses will allow you to close your books eight times faster. It is very easy to use. You can get started issue virtual and physical cards and start making payments in less than 15 minutes. So whether you have five employees or 5,000 and now you can get $250 when you join Ramp, you'll get two $50 off. Just go to Ramp dot com slash Candace, that is RAM p.com/ Candace. Again, that's Ramp dot com slash Candace. Cards will be issued by Sutton Bank, which is a member of the FDIC. Terms and conditions, of course will apply.


Also, American Financing, I always tell you about them because you know that you work hard to support yourself and your family and sometimes it just seems as though you're taking a step back every month instead of moving forward. When the bills are higher than what you bring in every month, you have to swipe that credit card to cover the difference and the debt keeps adding up. But If you own a home, my friends in American Financing can help you break free from that cycle. American Financing is saving people just like you. An average of $800 a month. You can think about what you could do with that extra $800 every month and not having to worry about those minimum monthly payments. And even better, it costs nothing to find out how much you could be saving. All it takes is a quick call to American Financing and If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. Call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or simply visit American Financing net slash Owens. That's American Financing net slash Owens.


Okay, so yesterday we wrapped the Becoming Bridgette series and obviously it's everywhere, okay? And there's just no way that they're not going to be questioned about it. Emmanuel Macron and Jit Macron are getting questions about it. They're trying to play it all cool. Their comments are being inundated. Everything they do now is being touched with people calling them, calling Jit Jean-Michel Trino. And so this is amazing, the A FP. So essentially the French AP went out to Mrs. Macron or whoever is in charge of Mrs. Macron's PR and asked them about the com becoming Bridgette series and Bridgette Macron's lawyer, whose name the French lawyer, okay? 'cause they have the American team. They're the ones that served me at my house, okay?


They got us a letter and then my legal team replied to them with 21 questions. And now their lawyer in France, a woman named Jean Anki is she first confirmed, they asked like, are these like ex excerpts that Candace showed on her show Real? And they confirmed that the excerpts from the letters that I addressed on my show and published are quote, indeed a reduction of a letter from the American lawyer of the Macron couple. So they're admitting, yes, that was us. We sent the letter. He points out, however, oh, I, I realize it's Jean, not Jean, it's of Guy. The lawyer's name is Jean Iki. He points out however, that the list of questions allegedly sent by Candace Owens in return was never received by interested parties.


What does that mean? Okay, then they go on to say quote Candace owens's interventions are just unfounded statements to convince people who are already convinced by this delusional thesis, if there are still any, he insists scroll back up. Like literally what does that mean? What does the statement, it was not received by the interested party. It's like you're saying nothing there. Are you saying that Braquet macro Emmanuel never received the 21 questions back? Because lemme tell you something that's a lie, my friends, that is a lie. And we know it's a lie. It's, it's an insane lie. But listen, if you're lying about your entire gender, what's it to you to lie via your lawyer about receiving it? You made contact with me.


We weren't trying to send letters. And guess who your lawyer was? You admit? Yes, the American law firm got the letter to me. Not only did we respond to you via email, okay? We, we gave you 21 questions, which we can pull up via email, but we then got a response from you. We got a response from you in the form of a preservation order that you sent us, and we went over that preservation order. We read the entire preservation order on our show to show people that you refused to answer the 21 questions. So are you now trying to pretend that you're American law law firm, a big American DC law firm just went rogue, that they received a response, you spent money to write a hundred pages to me, have it delivered to my home?


And when they got a response, they just didn't tell you. They were like, no, we're not gonna tell you what they are. If you are alleging that, can you explain also who's running your Twitter account? Because not only did I send you the letter, I mean with the 21 questions, not only did you respond with the preservation order, but then I tweeted you the 21 questions I said we sent our reply to at Emmanuel Macron and Brae yesterday. We included specific questions for them to answer before we released our full investigative piece on brae. Again, we were doing the right thing here. We said, if we get basic answers, did you give birth to three children? We'll, we'll, we'll put it in the series. We, we have no interest in lying and look at a date on this.


We did this before we started the series. Straightforward, yes or no questions. I look forward to a straightforward response. They did not answer these 21 questions on Twitter. I then tweeted again. Okay, again, I tweeted and I was making jokes and I was dropping 50 cent. I got 21 questions. And they all about us tagging Emmanuel Macron every single time being like, girl, it's easy to love me now. Would you love me if I was down and out? Please just answer my 21 questions. And they're saying they just, they just, the interested parties just never received it. What, what goes on and France, are you like allowed to lie in France?


The president? Is this just like legal and France? You could just say whatever you want. Just make stuff up. Like I said, Bridgette, you've got balls, my man. You've got balls to just have your lawyer come out and say that you never got the 21 questions. But here's the thing. That's the problem. When, when you ha lie about who you are, who you are, your identity, identity, there is no lie in your life that you won't tell. Like that's gotta feel like nothing, like pretending you didn't get it. You're like, oh, well I've been lying about my gender my entire life. I've been lying about my, you know, my friends, I've been lying about everything. I've been lying about my relationship with this man when I met him. Why would it, what do I feel towards lying and pretending that my American lawyers were just so out of pocket and suddenly went rogue and didn't deliver to me an email, which was then tweeted at me and I was being mocked with 50 descent music.


I'm, this feels like nothing. I'll just lie. They're just lying. And So I, this is just who they are. This, this couple absolutely must step down. They just have to step down. They're terrible human beings. It's not Emmanuel Macron's fault. It is T's fault because you groomed him. You groomed Emmanuel Macron. And So I take it that you're not gonna file that lawsuit, that heavy threat, which makes it even crazier. 'cause that you're saying If you didn't get my 21 questions, where's your lawsuit? Where's your lawsuit, rashe, when are you gonna drop it? You must have had, you've had all this runway and you waited until the series concluded and now you're pretending you didn't get the questions. Wild, absolutely wild. But like I said, we're in this weird, I like 2025. Liars are being exposed.


Whoever they may be, the liars are getting exposed. What has been done in the dark seems to be being revealed in the light. Sunlight being the best disinfectant. So I'm just gonna sit back and see what happens with this couple and sit back and see what happens to Blake Lively. I'm lying. I am not sitting back. I am active. I'm involved. I have deluded myself into believing that I'm a part of this lawsuit. Blake Lively can delude herself into believing that she was sexually harassed by Justin Bald. I can delude myself into believing that I am a party to this lawsuit. Thank you guys very much for understanding that and for supporting me through this delusion.


All Right guys, I wanna tell you quickly before I get to your questions about Seven Weeks Coffee. I wanna take a break here to talk about it because it's a pro-life coffee company that it's on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. It's called Seven Weeks Coffee because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. They donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $750,000 for these centers and have saved thousands of lives. And I can tell you about the coffee 'cause I'm very picky about what I drink. It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acid, and organically farmed. And right now, If you subscribe to Seven Weeks Coffee, you will get free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you. So whether you're traveling, working, adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and letting the to-go bag steep for a few minutes. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save 15% forever when you subscribe. Plus exclusively for my listeners, use Code Candace for an extra 10% off your first order. So that would be a total of 25% savings on your first order at Seven Weeks Coffee dot com. Use code Candace today.


Alright, now wanna let you guys know I have an interview that is going up today for subscribers only on the Candace Owens website, Candace Owens dot com. It's my sit down with E Michael Jones. The topic is pornography. He's quite a controversial character. He was put on ADL's list for I'm I on ADL's list. So what can I say? Because they don't really love speech and he talks about the origins of pornography. It was a fascinating discussion. He's also a fellow Catholic. I would love to see what so many people think about that interview. I, I think it's tremendous and I think pornography is hurting the world. I think it's hurting men especially, and it is harming women and relationships and we have become an overtly pornographic culture. So that is up available on the website for subscribers. Also, of course, If you wanna buy the book, you can get it now on sale.


I read you a little tidbit. My husband is probably watching and going, why did you do that? I'm sorry honey. I just do things. I just, I just wanna do hoodrat things on the internet with my friends. And also I want to tell you that I promise that I was going to unveil the new investigative series. Today. We have one little legal hiccup that I have to deal with and So I was like so gungho about that. I loved all of your guesses. I promise you on Monday we will announce it. So that is my bad. I made a promise and did not deliver on, it's because my lawyers came in and somebody's gotta keep me straight, you know, if it's gotta be a legal team and it's gotta be my husband. And they're like, no, you can wait one weekend to say who it is.


We just need to make sure that we are dotting our our i's and crossing our T's so that you don't end up in prison. Anyways, keep sending me your guesses all weekend and we will be announcing that on Monday. Getting into your comments, let's see what you guys have for me today. Talia writes the way I cackled and ran straight to watch this episode. These thumbnails deserve Emmy's. Candace, also that 21 questions line cackling. Thank you so much. Yeah, we have a fun time with thumbnails. Today was me. Thank you very much. There's a Taylor Swift song for everything. It's great. I'm like wow, the more we cover her, we can just get deeper into her music. It's just so funny. Wanda says, CANDACE is my only news source. Thank you so much. We're having, obviously you can see we're having way too much fun. Hilda writes, I absolutely appreciate the type of person that you are.


It takes a lot to be poised. Keep on keeping on. Thank you so much. Eddie writes, caught the Candace crush. You are amazing. God bless you. Thank you for saying things that matter the truth. You know what you're doing and I'm here for every minute of it. Thank you so much. And the reason, just so you guys know, 'cause I know the media said terrible things about me when I didn't support the Met too movement, I just always in my head just thought it was weird that we, we were pretending that we might not one day have sons who have to live in that environment Like we, like Justin Baldoni was definitely born from a woman. And like If you can imagine your son going through something like that and it's because we've created an environment where we should just like believe women. That always scared me. And that was before I had any sons and now I've got three.


So, you know, I am glad that I just said, listen, we should not believe women or men, but we should believe facts when they are presented. Both people are, both sexes are capable of lying. Obviously. Dalia writes, the roof scene had me squirming. Haha, you're a neurosurgeon. Bit pure cringe. And her outfits were absolutely hideous. Ryan probably forced Bki to file the suit. I totally agree that Ryan was behind a lot and those messages still make me nervous. Look at, look at his face. He scares me. I can't explain it. I'm so afraid of Ryan, I'm I'm, he's gonna come for me. He's gonna come for my whole life. Can't believe it.


Ben writes, can is pleased to an episode on Catholic emancipation in Ireland. The government failed to include it as a date to remember in 2029, in 1829, it gave Catholics basic human rights and led to our independence, but not a word on it. So that's actually very ironic because I just happened to watch Braveheart. I know that's not like obviously Ireland, but I watched Braveheart over the weekend and I just kind of got very fired up about Catholicism. And yes, okay, we have to do more episodes on Catholicism around the world and what's happening and that will be definitely more in our longer pieces. So thanks for putting that on my radar. Sidney writes, Candace, I dipped my toes into your content with the yay interview, but have gone fully into the deep end with the JIT series.


The Blake versus Justin is my Roman empire. Thank you for your hard work and it's allowed to be our Roman empire. I wanna say that. I know we're chasing our husbands and we're tackling them and we're forcing them to, you know, learn all this information against their will, but it's our right. I feel they've had their Roman empire like since the Roman Empire and they talk about it and they think about it all the time and we're allowed to do that. Okay? They might not think it's important. It is important. So I just want carry on ladies. And now we've gotten them. I see men in the comments like, I'm here, I'm here now. My wife forced me to do this against my will and I'm here now and I wanna say this, fellows, we are very happy to have you here on this journey. We are gonna rescue Justin Baldoni.


All Right guys, we will see you on Monday. I don't think there's anything else that I have to mention other than the E Michael Jones interview going up today. Other than that, yeah, have a great weekend.