
All right you guys. So Ryan Reynolds obviously has to be deported back to Canada Once again, this is a way for the left and the right to come together because no matter where you stand on the topic of mass deportations, of illegals, we can now all agree that the moral crimes committed here by Ryan Reynolds against Justin Baldon have amounted to high treason after having read through the amended lawsuit. Ryan absolutely must go home and I have got some major scoops. I mean everybody's talking because the sink is shipping and people wanna get onto lifeboats. So let's jump right in. Welcome back to Candace.


So they really did it guys. They dropped the website, it is the lawsuit info.com as promised by Justin Baldon. He's team, they have chosen the path of radical transparency as their preferred method of response here. We never, we never see this, this never happens. Everything's behind closed doors through PR agents. He's just like, here, we're gonna play this in public. And just to be clear, they weren't the first to do this. It was Blake Lively, it was Ryan Reynolds. This was their strategy and now they kind of want to put the genie back in the bottle. But guess what? The Jeanie does not wanna go back in the bottle. Genie likes to be free. Okay? And we're now all paying attention. So I'm just going to, very quickly before I give you all of the tea that I got over the weekend, I'm gonna go over the biggest revelations from the filing and I guess we'll just start with revelation number one, which was that we were totally correct about Ryan Reynolds.


What is that like personality test? Is it called like an Enneagram personality type one through nine? Well, Ryan Reynolds on the Enneagram is a psycho, that's what he is. He's just a psycho, his number is psycho. And we had suspected just by piecing together everything that he didn't want Blake Lively to be away from him. Remember I built out the timeline and I worked through it and I realized that, oh, this is interesting. Like Ryan Reynolds is filming at the same time of Blake as Blake Lively. He's also doing his rec, some football stuff. And they're basically a part, I'm sure he popped back a few times, but for like four months scheduled to be apart in a different country. And yeah, I felt that Ryan was kicking up some dust because he didn't want to leave Blake Lively alone with Justin Baldoni because he's away in the uk.


And then I was positing that perhaps when he got home, he was either reading her text messages, reading through the dailies, reading through the script and he just decided, okay, you know what? This entire production needs to be halted. I don't trust my wife. Okay. And my strongest inclination for that was the fact that on the day that the SAG Afra after strike ended on the day that both of them had to go back to work, meaning Ryan had to go back to film for Wolverine and Deadpool, Wayfair gets that shocking email of demands and basically their production gets suspended while Ryan gets to go in the UK and feel confident knowing that she's not gonna see Justin Bald until he is back.


That was just my speculation. Well, in the recent filing, we can now see that Ryan was panicked in general about him being apart from Blake Lively. So much so that when they first communicated with one another, okay, so this is the first time that Ryan Reynolds and Justin Bald are speaking to one another and they're exchanging text messages and Justin Baldoni does his thing, does this thing where he's just like so nice and was like I just, he literally to sum it up, 'cause I'm not gonna read Justin's entire text, he basically is like, I was nervous to even text you. I'm such a fan of you. Like you're so great, you're amazing, your wife's amazing. And it then says this like really almost first day of middle school kind of thing where he's like all of this to say, I know I sound ridiculous, but like I just really wanna be friends with you.


Like he literally tells Ryan he wants to be friends with you. And I could just see Ryan sitting there like, yes, this is exactly what I want a puppy to kick in the mouth and you'll do what I say. So I'm gonna show you these exchanges. This is Ryan Reynolds, Justin Baldoni. If you guys have not read through them, I recommend that you go onto to the site to read it. He even extends like saying how wonderful Blake was because you know, she was very nice to his wife, says that Blake sent the sweetest message to his wife. I mean he's being so respectful, falling over himself to be respectful and to say like, Hey, can we still be friends? And Ryan Reynolds then sends this text message and he basically says like, sorry for the delay, I've been writing, the girls are sick again, whatever, whatever tells him essentially that he, he hits the, he hit the jackpot with Blake Lively.


She literally passes on every film and every filmmaker all the time. But the one thing I know, and I speak from a deep wellspring of experience here, having her in your court behind the scenes as a creative is invaluable. I'm certain that blank would say the same. So my suspicion is he already says Taylor Swift, okay? They're blocking this name and the only name that they seem to be like trying to block is Taylor Swift's throughout this. So I think right at the onset, Ryan Reynolds is throwing down some alpha male, and by alpha male, I mean extremely beta male. I have rich and powerful friends at the top. That's not a confirmation, but I'm looking at the length of the strip and it's given Taylor Swift. Taylor Swift would say the same.


My wife is wonderful. Okay, anyways, going back, jumping back into these messages, he then moves immediately to ask Justin Bald to change their production dates because he's never been apart from Blake Lively so long. He basically says he tried to do it on his end. I'm paraphrasing here, you can go read it on the website. You know, I was frantically trying to address this. I was frantically trying to change this shorten the shoot, but I can't because you know, Deadpool and Wolverine is set in stone. They already booked the studio, but like, could you do something to try to punt this? And he ends it with this, which is funny that we're talking about like a sexual lawsuit and what's appropriate. He ends it by saying all this to say, I'd, I'd have your line producer's face tattooed to my perineum.


Okay? So that is the skin between Ryan's parts. I don't even know how, I don't even know how to appropriately state that other than perineum. Okay, he pull that back up again. I would have your producer, your line producer's face tattooed to my perineum if he, she or they can figure out how to start two weeks earlier. Completely understand how big of an as that is. But the perineum is one of the most nervy parts of the human body to trauma. What? I'm sorry. I mean what? Like, so this whole long text is about like, Blake is big, she's powerful.


I can't be apart from her for this long. And If you really wanna make me happy, like I I, I am telling you this is how you do it. Change your production schedule. I'm a big alpha here and my studio can't do it and Justin falls over himself and it's like I will try to, you know, do everything I can to make this happen. Like, you know, I just wanna be friends with you. Okay? This now confirms our suspicion that all of those very cringe nice pool scenes in which he was randomly referring to his female dog. You know, Ryan in character being a funny guy. So he had the female dog, which he called dog pool. So Reid, this was meant to be a bitch, right? A literal bitch. He kept saying that she was looking for a new papa while he was away.


Okay, let's watch that clip again so we can all really just feel disturbed right now. And I guess you've already met Mary Puffin to AKA dog pool. Careful where you put your hand, she's 90% GS spotter and she'll let you know it. You let this little flirt out of your sight for one second and she starts shopping for a new papa. If you can't be a responsible pet owner, then maybe you don't deserve this little unicorn guilty on all charges, your honor shouldn't happen again. And he carried that joke over by basically saying that Blake Lively, who I think he's casting as the bitch in that scene, he carried it over to the, it ends with US promotion, which was weird because this is a movie about domestic violence.


It ends with us by again saying in a funny scene that Blake Lively was trying to replace him. Okay? And that's what, that's what made it, made us aware by the way I was going, nothing in this scene is funny. Nothing in this scene makes sense. Why is he alleging that his wife is trying to place him in a skit which is promoting domestic violence? Why is his mom here and Hugh Jackman and why do I feel like threatened somehow when I listen to this script? Take a listen. Well it's not every day the mother-in-law of the leading lady gets to interview the love interest and the man trying to replace my sweet little gummy bear. Ryan, let's dive in, shall we?


I don't feel very comfortable asking this question. Nope, I got it. I'll get it here. I can do that here. You're not gonna read it. I will then. Okay. Thank you very book. That's, yeah, that's the one. It says Ryan would love to have a new dad to have a catch and I think he could really use a man in his life. Hugh is no Spring Chicken anymore. Blink once for yes. Or Blink once for I'd love to be your new dad. He blinked. He, he, he, he blinked. Mr. Reynolds call me Blake. Oh yeah, I could blow your mind dog. Oh man, That's not every day a guy gets the interview, the love interest of his best friend's wife and the guy trying to replace Ryan as a husband and me as his best mate.


Holy. So listen, I've just got one question. What the hell are you doing? Messing with my best buddy's wife? Sir, I have no idea what's happening at all today In the retrospect. This is all just so scary. It feels like a form of abuse against Blake. And I'm not, she's not a victim any of this. She's totally bratty and we've gone through her messages as well. But I'm just saying that the fact that he doesn't wanna be apart from her and now he's inserted himself into every layer of this movie, something's very wrong here. Okay, well what else do we learn from the filing? While we learned that at the Deadpool after party, Ryan went and found a William Morris endeavor. Now that's the biggest agency everybody's under then that's the one that Justin Bald got dropped from and told that executive that they were working with a sexual predator referring to Justin Bald.


It says Lively Reynolds and other members of the film cast attended the premier for Deadpool and Wolverine. And just that, just them having invited these people is basically, I, I view Ryan as like an infestation. Like that's the only way I can say he in. If he wants to go after you, he infests himself into every area of your life. And he did this Justin Baldoni. He's like, who are your friends? Okay, who? Who owns the production company? Who owns the next movie script? I am going to invest myself everywhere. I'm gonna be doing your movie premier. I'm gonna be doing promos and making fun of you. Right? I'm gonna put myself in the end. Credits like this is like psychotic behavior, okay? But going back to what they said was mentioned at this party at the after party, Wayfair was informed that Reynolds approached a senior executive at WME and expressed his deep disdain for bald going as far as to suggest that the agency is working with a sexual predator.


Okay, Ryan, personally, and you can take this to the bank, I'm telling you right now, this is a fact. This has been confirmed to me. He tried to get Justin bald dropped from WME multiple times before they did. Okay? So all of those articles that came out when Justin got dropped and they were denying that Ryan Res anything to do with it, those were PR teams that were working overtime behind the scenes, likely their PR team Leslie Sloan. It's not true. No, this never that is a fact. Like I said, I'm getting leaks right now. Now that someone inside of WME confirmed that Ryan Reynolds was going around trying to get him dropped, okay?


And he didn't get a dent. They didn't do it until the lawsuit was filed and they immediately dropped him. So another thing that we find out, which is a bombshell from this new filing is that Ryan and Blake, and really if I have to say Ryan one more time in a movie that has nothing to do with him, I'm just, he, he's a very scary creepy guy. The creep, we found the creep, it's Ryan Reynolds. But when Blake started getting all of this bad press, obviously she did not believe, and this is true Blake, my understanding of her and she's like a true narcissist. She's not very smart, she just wants to be rich and famous and have rich friends, okay? And I had heard that and known that about her since my days that I was working at Glamor Magazine, that she was like really mean to people.


But she's like very surface and as long as Ryan Ryan's a lot smarter than her and she therefore allows him to manipulate and control every layer of his life so long as she can just, you know, be the princess essentially. Okay? So we find out that when she starts getting bad press, and this is a perfect time for Ryan to manipulate her in my opinion. She's like, well he's like probably like, babe, this can't, this can't be because you're not amazing. Look at you, you're hot, you're sexy, you're perfect, you know, give me your phone. I'm gonna draft a statement that Justin Baldon and Wayfarer have to read because the public noticed that her press appearances were weird. They found her to not be deep at all. They didn't like what she was from promoting her hair products, didn't like that she was not taking the theme of domestic violence seriously.


And then they found these old videos of her and they didn't believe this. So they gave them the opportunity, basically put a gun to their head and said this is a statement that we want you to read. Essentially Ryan demanded that Justin Bald and Wayfair lie to the public to save Blake's reputation. Here's the statement that Ryan Reynolds drafted according to this lawsuit. And the text messages show this, by the way, I mean the emails statement prepared by Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. It was actually Ryan Reynolds on behalf of Heath James Heath and Wayfair. They wanted them to say this to us guys, it ends with us, was a troubled production which we meaning Justin and Wayfair take full accountability for. We are very sorry to everyone that we caused upset to privately and publicly.


Blake Lively, Colleen Hoover and the entire KRAS cast and crew led with professionalism every step of the way. Any negativity aimed at them is ours to own. We mutually agree that the cast would be promoting the film separately and understood why Lies understood, why? Yeah, I guess it's not a lie because you were freaking out and threatening claim to do things if he was in the same room as her. We have always said that we are not perfect and even if un it unintentionally made mistakes, we will always own them. We hold ourselves accountable. It's not anyone's job but ours. And that's part of being quote unquote man enough. So that's a little Ryan dig right there. Even in the statement he was gonna force him to read making fun of Justin Bald and his like man enough book and podcasts and all that stuff.


So he is saying you need to be man enough and just say that this is all your fault. That the public doesn't like my wife. We will practice what we preach. We are learning and growing from the experience and we thank everyone for their patience as we find a better way to proceed. We are very proud of the film and the, and the welcome arms that it has been received. Part of our work is to have uncomfortable conversations for public growth. The film is doing that onscreen and we are doing that on offscreen thank you to the cast and crew and public for the opportunity to be imperfect and to be given the space to learn and grow with humanity and dedication. So this is like why I love this lawsuits 'cause this is an insight to the public that everything you read is bs. They just lie. Like literally we are just being lied to, right?


There's somebody behind the scenes who's being a little psycho, they wanna control public thoughts, they wanna control public minds. And they are basically like you're gonna read this statement with a gun to your head even though this has been a terrible thing. And even though it is our fault, we have been awful to you. We've been threatening this movie every step of the way to get what Blake Lively wants and really what Ryan wants more than anything else. Having you move dates, we've been a pain in the ass, but you're gonna take it on the chin because you wrote a book and have a podcast about being man enough. I mean, and fortunately they said no we're not ringing this, this is a, this is a lie. We're not going to tell the public this, that the reason we're separated was like agreed upon mutually. It wasn't agreed upon mutually. You came at them with a figurative gun to their head and, and, and you put his family in the basement.


I'm sorry the public noticed because the reality is these, these Hollywood types, they think we are all stupid. We are like, we are so dumb. All they need is a PR machine and the right reporter at the Hollywood Reporter and the right reporter at the Daily Mail and page six, whatever it is. And they'll tell us what to think. They, this is how their brains work. Okay, fourth revelation that came is that Sony informed them that there would be a cast wide boycott if James Heath or Justin Baldon attended the premiere. How's that for that statement? Actually we learn that on July 23rd, 2024, Sony informs Wayfair, the studio financing the premiere in most of the film that Lively had demanded that Baldon Heath and Wayfair refrain from attending the New York Premier and threatened to cast wide boycott.


If they do, oh you know, this is really Justin's fault. I need to be man up and accept, you know the public, you're noticing some things but you're wrong public. They basically, the command was gaslight the public while behind the scenes we act awful. That was the command, that was the instruction. Okay? And this kind of brings in the Brandon Lennar piece because I have just been amazed at how involved he got and how the cast just like knew that Justin was a good person but went along with this anyways. And I had reduced this to essentially a-list syndrome. Like all of these people who, If you even aspire to be like a Hollywood actor and actress in most circumstances you're dealing with someone who probably has some narcissistic tendencies.


I'm not saying everyone okay, but the majority, this is why we have these stereotypes about Hollywood, right? They're not people that treat people well. They're all just trying to climb to the top and they'll do anything to get there. And that's my viewpoint of Brendan Lennar. It really is. And so some Toker did a little digging and figured out how they were able to pluck off these cast members essentially rolling the red carpet and showing them the A-list life. And I'm gonna show you this user on TikTok is called Steph with the deet. So I'm just gonna allow her to plug in for you. This blended, this Brandon S. Glenn r piece. Well, well, well it all makes sense now. Do you guys know who this is? Does she look familiar? Name is Liz Plank.


Yes, Liz Plank, who was Justin B's co-host on their podcast. Man. Enough, the same Liz Plank that jumped at ship just a few days after Blake Lively filed her legal complaint against Justin Baldoni. Not only did Liz Plank post this photo in 2019 thanking Ryan freaking Reynolds. He also posted her book to his story. She also was unwelcome to Wreck Sum. Hi And I had questions. So we went to the only logical place for Answers a woman. Hi, my name is Liz Plank 'cause in the first episode of the show Rob said that he went to Ryan for movie Money apparently. Welcome to re Sum is a TV series that took an inside look at the unusual beginnings and dynamics of Ryan Reynolds and Rob McLane's football friendship.


Ryan Reynolds is the self co-chairman of the series. Liz had posted this on October 17th, 2022. Caption thanks to Ryan and Rob for letting me psychoanalyze them and talk about butts on tv. Wanna know who else visited Reham on Ryan Reynolds dime? Brandon Lenner AKA team Uor. And this was December 14th, 2024. And allegedly Blake Lively had invited Brandon and Isabella to book Bonanza and paid for their trip to Texas to attend. Pretty disgusting how all these people were just bought. Who cares about a moral compass? Just gimme like a roll on a TV show. Send me somewhere nice. And this is why I don't even care about the costars anymore. They tried to make that a huge deal that they all unfollowed Justin Meloni.


I wanna hear about what like the crew is saying, you know, the people behind the scenes that we don't see on camera. I wanna hear what they're saying about all this. Amen. Right? So that's, that's pretty much Liz Plank. We were like, why did she suddenly, like we thought it was weird. We noticed that she was following Blake Lively and Blake Lively's following her and Ryan Rounds is following her. And literally, this is what I mean when I say these are psychopathic tendencies. He was infesting every layer of Justin Baldon. He's life. So he has this podcast with Liz Plank. Well we're gonna need her as an ally. So what are we gonna do? I'm gonna put her in a docuseries that I'm working on with Rex Sum about football. Like what? Why is she there? Because Ryan wanted him to, he wanted to isolate him.


I want you to understand that this is what really bugs me about this is this is narcissistic abuse. He wanted him to feel alone and like he had no one on his side. And the means for him to attain that was through his wealth and like the A-list clientele that he surrounds himself with. You know, me and Hugh are gonna be on the set promoting your film, making fun of you. Like think, I really want you guys to think about how insane that is. And this kind of throws me back to the, the real hero in all this. Martha Stewart a while ago went on to some show she was promoting something, one thing or another and she basically said that she knows Ryan and he's not a funny guy. Like she was basically alerting the public to the fact that Ryan Reynolds is kind of a psycho like, like she didn't say it, but she was like, he's pretty serious.


Like she's basically letting people know that he puts on this persona as this funny, nice guy and this isn't who he is. And so listen to what Martha Stewart had to say on this random game show. We asked Bill's members what celebrities would be the most fun to hang out with. He probably, he's probably on the list just 'cause he covers himself up in his movies and you don't see his face. Ryan Reynolds, is he one of those? And you wanna know something? He's not so funny in real life really. No, he is not so funny. He's very serious. No, Taylor. Then I would do Snoop and then I would take Ryan off it and I would put in somebody else. I'm So surprised that Ryan Reynolds isn't funny. This is like a shocker to me. He's, I see him walking Up and down our side.


He, he can act funny, but he isn't funny. Maybe he can get to be funny again. I'm so disappointed. Actually, I'm gonna get in trouble. He's my neighbor. He's my neighbor. So she was spilling, she was letting people know that this whole persona, nice guy, funny guy is an act and that's not who he is behind the scenes. And I think he is a very disturbed, angry individual. I was also positing with my team something else that, and, and this is by the way, this is not anybody inside or leaking this, but I find it interesting that one thing that the public hasn't discussed enough is the Scarlet Johansson piece. So If you, if he has this narcissistic, abusive, abusive tendencies, which I believe everything he did was narcissistic and abusive, we saw that in Deadpool, even against Justin Baldon.


So we don't even have to imagine what he does to, you know, to Blake Lively at home or anything like that. But if, if he's already publicly admitted that he has these control issues and they stem from the fact that his father was always screaming and we now know that Ryan's also a screamer. So he basically just became his dad. So that whole little scene about like his father and unresolved issues. Yeah, it, it's looking like you might have just become who you alleged your father was. He sat down, I think it was with the New York Times or whoever it was, and said that he developed these control issues. Like he's very controlling because he felt the only way that he could get his dad not to scream in the house was to make sure everything was like within his control. Okay? So that's why Ryan is the way that he is. And when you apply that to Scarlett Johansen Limited things that she said about her relationship when she was married to him only for two years, okay?


Scarlett Johansen was instantly a-list. She was at the top of her game. I went, I was going through all of her stuff. And what's funny is his whole relationship with like the bromance between him and Hugh Jackman registers to me is weird. I don't think it's cute now. I think it's really weird. And what's funny is the re the way that they started this like romance was actually, they didn't quite like each other because Ryan Reynolds was holding on to, and they both admitted this publicly to a comment that Hugh Jackman made because when Hugh Jackman was an A-list star, so was Scarlett Johansson and they starred next to each other in this movie, I think it's called the, the, the prestige mark will correct me in my ear if I'm wrong. The Prestige.


Okay, great. It was called The Prestige. And this is like around the time that she's with Ryan Reynolds. Okay? And Ryan Reynolds was jealous. Ryan Reynolds was controlling it had always been alleged that this was about Ryan Reynolds and Scarlet Johanssen is not Blake Lively, okay? She's known to be, and I can tell you this because I worked at a firm, we did movies and I literally met Scarlett Johansen. She's known to be very bright, she is known to be very classy and she's known to be very kind. And So I get this sense that if you're that kind of a control person and Scarlet Johansson after two years goes peace, I'm outta this marriage, you'll never let that go. 'cause now we know he holds a grudge. He was mad at Hugh Jackman 'cause of something that Hugh Jackman said to him when he was married to or engaged to Scarlet Johansen.


He said something like, I don't want you doing anything to my girl or whatever. Like, you know, something that like an uncle might say, like protective of Scarlett Johanssen and Ryan held onto this for years and her career has always been bigger, has always been greater. She's the highest paid actress in Hollywood, Scarlett Johansen. And I think someone like him would still be bothered by this even though they, you know, amicable breakup. It's fine. She doesn't care. She's remarried. I think he still does care to try to one up her. And, and what I found interesting and why I'm bringing this up right now is that in 2023 in December, it was announced that Scarlett Johansen was doing a movie that's now called Eleanor The Great with Way Farer and Sony Studios.


Okay? He would've known about this, he would've found out about this probably before the public found out. So if we found out in December of 2023 that this was happening and then it was announced again about Wayfair and Sony Studios. Did that set him off? In a weird way, was her director debut the first time she was gonna be directing a film? And here's the headline here, Scarlett Johanssen to make her directorial debut with Eleanor the greats. I'm just wondering, I'm just wondering, I'm not gonna say anything else but I, I find that piece to be compelling about his character. I think Scar Jaw may have been the one who got away and he wanted someone who was like dumber and more basic behind her. And from all accounts, by all accounts, she, he got it.


Not, not disrespectful, Blake Lively, but she's just not known to be that bright and I think that allows him to more easily control her. Okay, last thing that I wanna bring up before I tell you all the T and what everybody dropped that's interesting and compelling from this website was the budget thing. Because this really tells you who Blake Lively is. Okay? So on April 25th they had to send around this email about the wardrobe budget versus the price. And this isn't the final price by the way. This is just by April 25th. Here it is. The email that went around. It says hi All wardrobe's budget for spending was 180 5K normally wardrobe overspends and then does tons of returns and end up in budget.


And our wardrobe team just told me that they'd spent about 500 K and then land back at 180 5K. Once returns are done to date, they have already spent $615,000. Now If you read through the lawsuit, it's because Blake wanted to be in control again. She likes pretty things. She wants to believe that she's this wonderful stylistic person she wanted to be in control of. And she changed around the entire wardrobe and she picked the wardrobe. And then when pictures of her leaked on set of this wardrobe, this very expensive wardrobe that she had put together because she had a vision for what this character would look like, the public said it was like the ugliest thing they've ever seen. They didn't like it and they got terrible feedback.


And Justin then went to have a conversation with her like, I would like to have some say in what this character is wearing. My sister told me, my little sister said she looked like Lizzie McGuire. It was terrible. I didn't see the movie but my sister said she looked like Lizzie McGuire. And so she thinks she's this huge artistic amazing thing because that's what Ryan tells her so he can keep controlling her. That's my theory. Okay? But that's absurd. It really shows you how braddy she is. And they also indicate that she had to bring all, they made her like she made the team bring all the clothes to her, to her penthouse rather than her showing up and having a fitting on set, which is what's normal. All Right guys, now I'm about to take you down the rabbit hole of what is really going on.


Basically how everyone involved here is essentially strapped to a figurative bomb. And it's how they got here is a bunch of petty power trips real inside baseball. I mean I have all the tea, the TT and it is going to make you sick,


which is why we should at first be reminded about The Wellness Company. Okay? Now that Dr. Fauci has been pardoned, RFK Junior is going to unearth what most of us already knew about the pandemic. Sadly, this effort is not going to help the tens of millions who have never felt the same after getting the virus or getting the mRNA shots. Luckily for the American people, Pfizer has been forced to release a detailed list of the side effects associated with its COVID-19 shots. One of the less severe but common side effects is long covid syndrome, a condition that leaves people feeling brain fog, chronic fatigue and shortness of breath lingering for months and in some cases even years. Who on this company makes it easy for you With their new long covid syndrome support? You get four doctor formulated nutraceuticals with five to eight plants and minerals in each body designed to address the root causes, the ultimate spike detox of mind lift, elevated energy and healthy hearts by Dr. McCullough with The Wellness Company recommends a durable recovery through holistic health. Explore more targeted solutions like long Covid syndrome support. Right now our listeners will save $34 off their order plus FREE shipping when you head to TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace at checkout. Take action today for a healthier tomorrow.


Okay, now for the Hollywood Tea, First and foremost you have to understand the PR players involved because that is crucial to everything that has happened here. Okay? So I'm gonna show you this. So I put together this map for you like a psychopath, okay? Wayfair Studio. So this is, this is the PR firm Jones Work pr, which is headed up by Stephanie Jones. And under Stephanie Jones was a woman who was partner named Jennifer Abel. And they were representing Wayfair Studios and Justin Baldoni at the beginning of this movie. Stephanie Jones is apparently the number one PR person in Hollywood. She's also like a throwback to the culture where people wanna be like Devils wear Prada, she's known to be mean business insiders do like a whole article on her past employees and how, you know, she makes jokes of like I stay alive on Adderall and coffee.


Like she's, she's, she's like a walking Vogue movie in her own brain from my understanding and what I've read online about her. And so this is who they hired 'cause they're best in the game. Then you have Vision pr, that's Leslie Sloan's company and she reps Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds. And then on the outside, over there to the right you have a woman named Melissa. Nathan who you've seen in this lawsuit. I could not find any photos of her other than that one, which was in the New York Times, but she was not involved. She's the crisis PR person that comes in later, okay? Here is what then happens. And this is very crucial. Jennifer Abel puts in her notice on July 10th, 2024, she tendered her resignation and says, Steph, I'm leaving you.


And apparently you are not allowed to leave Stephanie Jones, you don't get outta there on skates. And she just says nothing personal. I'm not happy they've released the emails. You know, I just don't wanna be at his company anymore. But the problem is, is that Justin Baldoni and Wayfair don't want Jennifer to leave. They're like, we, we wanna go with you because they've established some sort of a relationship with her, okay? She is also friends with Melissa. Nathan, like they had developed a friendship over the year, I guess like small world of pr. That's why the two of them are now being listed in this lawsuit against Wayfair by Stephanie Jones. And they try to keep her to try to keep her happy. Stephanie Jones. And she's just like, you know what I, I've, I've prayed on this, I just, I wanna move on and do my own thing.


And Wayfair and Justin Baldoni say, you know what, we're out too. Like we're, we're gonna go with her and wait for her to establish her own thing. Which she didn't do, I don't think until this year. I couldn't find it. Anyways, we are gonna move them over now because in Stephanie's mind, she's just been stabbed in the back by one of her employees. Okay? She's not happy about this. She's going, what's going on here? Why are you gone? Are you gonna go join this girl Melissa? She didn't by the way, she did say independent. Melissa does pr but like, and Justin then hires Melissa for his crisis pr. So this is now the new team here that's dealing with everything and to just show you how insane Stephanie maybe potentially is, you can see that she puts in her notice in July referring to Jennifer Abel put her on notice on July 10th and she says, I'm not gonna leave until August 23rd.


That's a long, you know, pretty long time there. Six weeks whatever's required. And two days before she was about to leave on August 21st. And this is in the filing, Stephanie Jones basically tells her that you are going to have to come into the office. 'cause like I said, you don't survive if Stephanie Jones is angry, if she feels betrayed and she is potentially going to burn you in Hollywood. That's the understanding from people that play inside baseball here. And the reason she can do this, okay, ready? Huge drop. Stephanie Jones is married to Jason Hoes, now you're going cancel. Oh, Jason Hoes is, Jason Hoes is a senior partner at WME.


Okay? William Morrison Endeavor. The people that dropped Justin Baldoni, Jason Hoes is a senior partner that is him next to Tom Brady. Why? Because Tom Brady is his client. That's how big he is, okay? Big guy. And so this is why Stephanie is able to make these sorts of, allegedly make these sorts of threats of like, you know, you do what she wants or people know things get bad for you very quickly. So you imagine Justin Baldoni walks with this Jennifer Abel and she's feeling like she's been betrayed. I don't know, I'm not suggesting that there was collusion between a married couple, but I am saying that I collude with my husband 'cause we're a married couple. That's what I'm saying. Okay, so how exactly does Stephanie decide to exact her revenge?


Well, we don't know, but anything other than the facts, which is again, on August 21st, she calls Jennifer two days before she's supposed to leave amicably and forces her to hand over her phone. Okay? She says that she's going to confiscate it and I'll read you directly from the lawsuit. She says on August 21st, 2024, two days before her last day, Abel pulls up to the Jones work office in Beverly Hills. There she is confronted by a physically imposing security guard, a lawyer sitting at a conference table covered in documents, an IT professional and Jones's chief of staff who had flown in unannounced from New York because people are nuts. I mean, apart from, because somebody just quit their job without people being crazy.


Like they're just demented in Hollywood. Anyways, it goes on. It says, apart from Jones's chief of staff, Abel had never seen any of them before after being ushered into the conference room. Abel sees that the security guard is posted just outside its doors. Sorry to laugh, but like they're all nuts. They're all insane in Hollywood. They don't know. They're insane though. Blocking the exit in a medicine and cold tone. The attorney points to documents and tells Abel to review and sign them. This is, this is what I would imagine it's like leaving a cult. The attorney claims that Jones Jones work believes she had proprietary information on her personal laptop and will likely have grounds to sue if Abel does not allow them access. So it goes on and she basically says like, please, I've had this number since I was a kid.


She's shell shocked. She wants to get outta there, she doesn't wanna sign the document, she doesn't have a anybody representing, you know, telling her like that. She had to hand this over. Apparently the attorney then presents Abel with a list of approximately 10 documents accuses her of having access to them and stolen them. Abel denies having done so. The IT specialist conducts a search of her laptop, which again turns up nothing. So they're just, they think that she's colluding. I don't know what they think is going on, but you have to imagine that this same time Blake is starting to get bad press, okay? So I have seen this happen before I kid you not, okay? When somebody leaves a company, people get kooky with their conspiracy theories about who they're potentially clueing with, okay?


It's happened to me and you really like, Hey man, like I just wanna leave this company. And they're going, Nope, this can't be it. You must be doing something, you must be doing something behind the scenes to try to spite me. 'cause why would you wanna leave me? I'm so great. This is like the Hollywood psychotic mentality. So they're going through her stuff, they're not finding anything in her stuff. They, they take her phone. And this is how magically Ryan and Blake end up with these text messages that they later doctor, which we are able to see in the full context later that the New York Times later doctors to make people think that they were plotting against Blake Lively, when in reality they were just laughing at the fact that as the crisis PR person, Melissa, Nathan, and as the other, the main PR person now because they're walking with her, that they actually didn't have to do any work because people just didn't like Blake Lively.


So it's like Steph from Jones' work, Steph, Steph Jones's narcissism, she can't see clearly and she just, she just thinks she's being plotted against and she's had a rough year because there's a, a bunch of employees that are starting to speak about how awful she is behind the scenes. And then you couple that with Ryan and Blake's a narcissism and you've got essentially Hollywood types that truly suffer from this God complex, okay? It's a God complex. Like there's no way, I'm not liked, there's no way anyone wants to leave me. It is so obvious that some people must be plotting behind the scenes. Like Candace, Candace must be plotting with this person. They, they, they're crazy. They're just insane. Okay? And now it's too late.


You got the messages and they're going to the New York Times. Now let me tell you what Steph does not know, okay? Because when I got this, I was going, okay, this, this case is going to get insane people. Okay, so what step did major majorly here obviously was I, I am seeing clearly here. Like she helped to get the, the civil complaint pieces out of text messages. That's, that's how the messages got handed over. Whether she's gonna argue that she had to hand them over or like she Ryan, whatever, I, I think my suspicion is these, these two were colluding, okay? Because neither could see past their own nose, but the potential blowback here for WME as a whole, essentially you can't mess with me 'cause I'm so And so you can match me 'cause I'm so And so well apparently because Ryan and Blake were immediately okay, immediately as we saw in the filings being litigious, being psychopathic, being crazy, trying to take over the film.


I mean the timeline reveals to us the first time that Ryan screamed at Justin bald, first time he yelled at him was when Justin Baldoni asked the trainer, who Blake got for him. You know, how much does Blake light way so that we can train for me to lift her up? And he showed that there was a scene where he was supposed to lift her up. He had like a double herniated disc thing. It's all documented. Like this guy was just literally trying to make sure that he lifted her in a way that wouldn't injure his back. And then when Ryan gets home from Reso, he's like, you asked how much my wife weighs to make sure you don't hurt your back. Don't you ever do that again? Like beta male stuff. Well, because they were being crazy early on in 2023, somebody, and I don't know who the person was, okay?


Somebody advised everyone to record everything they got, somebody had a gut instinct and said, we need to record everything because they were already being accused of things that weren't true, right? Ryan and Blake are insane. They're saying things that didn't happen. She's saying like he said, sexy on set. He's like I said, sexy on set because you've said sexy on set and this is how you discussed wardrobe with me. So I thought it was okay. And like they, they, they already can see which way the wind is blowing. Okay? So I don't know who gave us advice. I mean, they said record everything. So this is the reason why she didn't think the scene was recorded or she didn't think that it was on like they were catching the audio and they have it. Okay? This advice maybe came from Sony, maybe it came from the lawyers, maybe it came from pr, maybe it came from Steve Sorowitz.


Maybe it came from Justin Baldwin's wife who said start recording everything. Okay? Who knows? But because the writing was on the wall early on, they wanted to leave nothing to Ryan and Blake's crazy ass wild game of throne dragging breathing imaginations. And they started recording everything. And I'm talking conversations, conversations with execs, conv, everything is recorded. It made an early, we're dealing with an un h hinged couple. So we need to cover our asses as a matter of basic safety decision. Okay? Boy oh boy is that instinct, that early instinct that somebody had about to pay off. So this is like when the criminals are lying saying the police officer beat 'em, but he didn't know if the police officer had the body cam on and the CC TV footage from up above everything.


And it's like, Aw man, you got really caught cold lying about this one. This is one of these circumstances. Remember New Jersey, which is where it ends with us, was filmed. It is a one party record state, okay? So I don't know if you know this, every state has its own re recording rules, which means that like I am a state of Tennessee, we are a one party recording. So if someone calls me right now, I can record it for safety. I just like, I'm just gonna record this conversation for safety. I don't know. And I do this by the way, with journalists when they call me, I record the conversation just for safety. 'cause I don't trust them. I don't trust them. I'm not saying they're not gonna lie. I'm saying they are gonna lie. And So I record every conversation So I have a record of it. So New Jersey is a one party record state.


And so this is a major oopsies, a major oopsies. 'cause they're all like crabs in the barrel. They're all lying right now thinking that their lawyers are gonna be able to prove and dissuade the public. But there are like undeniable facts. And it's not just the fact that they captured her alleged assault on camera. It's everything. The lawsuit is about to get insane. The recordings are going to be slow, it's going to be painful drip. Now that everybody has published their lies, just like I said, like they were shocked. They couldn't believe they had an audio recording of her alleged sexual harassment and then that now they're like trying to come up and change the public perception. A lot of that gonna happen. And I'm telling you these WME execs, Stephanie, her husband, they're gonna be having some tough conversations because this is gonna blow back on them.


And by the way, you're talking about an agency, this is gonna hurt them. I mean like really hurt this agency because you don't wanna believe that execs at the very tip the top are being essentially threatened or bully or coerced or extorted and by a couple like Ryan and Blake or like Taylor Swift, right? There are some conversations that were had, and I'm telling you, it's not gonna be good for any of these people. Like it says, this is not good for Endeavor and it's all because Stephanie Jones was a little paranoid, okay? She was like, nobody genuinely, Steph, if you're watching this, I genuinely don't like Blake Lively. Like I've, I I I genuinely know I've known she's a brats.


No, nobody's paying me to say this. No one's told me to say this. They think people really didn't like her during those premiere things. And it wasn't, there was no plot against you, okay? I'm down from your high horse. The same for Blake and Ryan. There's no plot. You're genuinely this, this despicable and unlikable ha having read for the lawsuit even more so. So if a next Deadpool movie fails, I want you to know no one's plotting. We just don't like you. I hope that clears things up for you. A couple of more things that I'm gonna tell you.


First, I want to remind you about Oracle because If you think it is a bit overhyped, whether or not you think it's o overhyped, AI is suddenly everywhere from self-driving cars to molecular medicine to business efficiency. If it's not in your industry yet, you know that it's coming and it's coming fast. But AI needs a lot of speed and computing power. So how do you compete without costs spiraling out of control while it's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud? With Oracle Cloud infrastructure, also known as O-C-I-O-C-I is a blazing, fast and secure platform for your infrastructure database application development, plus all your AI and machine learning workloads. OCI costs 50% less for compute and 80% less for networking. So you're saving a pile of money. Thousands of businesses have already upgraded to OCI, including Vodafone, you have Thomson Reuters and Suno ai. Right now Oracle is offering to cut your current cloud bill in half. If you move over to OCI, which is huge for new US customers with minimum financial commitment, the offer will end on March 31st, however. So See if your company qualifies for the special offer at Oracle dot com slash Candace. Again, that's Oracle dot com slash Candace.


Also reminding you about PureTalk one of our great sponsors here because this country was founded on freedom. Freedom from a country that forced us to buy overpriced tea, then tried blockade us when we dumped their tea into the ocean. How did that work out? Well, I'll tell you how it worked out. I married an Englishman, So I think they're, I think they're back. Anyways, it's time to throw your overpriced big wireless contract overboard to, you don't need to pay a hundred dollars a month just to get a free phone. PureTalk my cell phone company says no to inflated prices with a qualifying plan of just $45 a month. You can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for $0. And yes, this is for premium service, unlimited talk text, 25 gigs of data and a mobile hotspot at a fraction of the price of the big guys all on America's most dependable 5G network. You can get your iPhone 14 or Samsung Gallery for $0 by visiting PureTalk dot com slash Candace. I'm sorry, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens today. Switching is easy. Again, PureTalk dot com slash owens to claim your new iPhone or your Galaxy with qualifying purchases from PureTalk America's wireless company.


All right, so some more points. I just love the idea that everybody's recorded. I just love it. I love it. I want Sony execs. I wanna hear it. I wanna hear WME execs. I wanna hear Steph, I wanna hear everything. I wanna hear it all. Okay, this is like, we're never gonna give this opportunity to just really see inside of Hollywood in this way. You know what I'm saying? We're never gonna be able to see it. So anyways, you should know, obviously they went to court, the lawyers went to court and they were representing their clients. So this was not an appearance from Blake Lively or from Ryan. And essentially I will, I'm just going to tell you to sum up what happened. No gag order will be granted. You know, Blake Lively moved to her. She had her lawyer speak out and say that she did not want to have to be deposed by Brian Friedman.


Super weird bride request, not gonna play well in the press again. She has I think, the worst PR team in the entire world. I think, I think Stephanie Sloan PR has, it's, it's, I mean, sorry, Leslie Sloan PR is terrible. I'm telling you like the moves they're making here to paint her as a victim, it tells you that they're not up on culture. Like they don't know me too. Culture has moved away and like trying to pretend you're being victimized by having to go to court over a lawsuit you filed. 'cause you don't like the lawyer. It's just dumb, really dumb stuff. My understanding, by the way, is Leslie Sloan has a leg in at Hollywood Reporter. So she gets articles leaked to the Hollywood reporter in page six. Those are her peeps. I I know all of their articles, but I'm, I'm blanking at the moment.


I'll, I'll get a list for you and tell you like where their plugs are, but I think this woman has aged out, I think, and, and I'm not, I don't even know how old she's, I'm just saying that like, she obviously doesn't understand like her, her finger's not in culture right now. So leaning further into this idea that she's a victim is not gonna be good for your client. It's the exact opposite. Anyways, they did, the judge did move. 'cause they argued back and forth and she's like, well, the lawyers here basically were saying that Brian Friedman dropping the website was problematic. Brian Friedman came back and said, everything I put on the website is public. We just made it easy for people to be able to find it. So the judge moved to adopt rule 3.6, which is basically a warning to Brian Friedman, but it's, it's not even a slap in the wrist.


It's basically like, watch yourself grow. So I don't think he's gonna be doing any more interviews. That would be my guest based on what the judge said. If you, If you follow the transcripts there, the judge then scheduled a date in March, which he said interrogatories are due, which essentially is just written questions that each side can get the other side to answer in writing to establish the facts of the case. And they can't like, walk back on that amazingly vision pr So Leslie Sloan again hired Sigrid McCauley to represent them. Like I'm telling you, they gotta leave a law firm. I mean this PR firm because her brand is feminism. And I'm not kidding, Sigrid McCauley represented all of the victims of Jeffrey Epstein.


So it's like the fact that you're even, I, I don't know. I I think it's utterly bonkers that they would try to be thinking of themselves if they are in terms of the victims of Jeffrey Epstein. I mean, totally nutty, but this is an actual quotation from the hearing today from Jeffrey Epstein, victim's lawyer, Sigrid McCauley. She said this quote, my clients female run company shouldn't be subject to this. I'm not kidding. That's what she said about a deposition. She said, I, we don't wanna sit have the her to have to sit for a deposition because she's a, it's a female run company, which is just so pathetic. I I'm so over the, like, we're strong girls, but also like when we want two or little puppies, we shouldn't be subject to depositions.


And when the lawyer was asking her, if she was asking for a stay on depositions, then, then I guess Brian Freeman looks over and he is like, great idea. And I don't want Melissa, Nathan to have to sit for a deposition either because she's a female run company. And so it's just, it's, it's just hilarious. Okay. And so anyways, the judge concluded that no one would have a separate depositions because Blake Lively's lawyer said that they may add more parties to the case, which is interesting. She said that there may be some more parties to the case. And the judge asked more questions about that. They said that they were gonna try to get the parties to comply and agree to be parties, but if not, they may have to subpoena these individuals.


And one thing they said that stood out to me was quote, including people in the media who may have been paid. Okay, so that's Lively's lawyer saying that they're gonna subpoena people in the media who may have been paid. I cannot believe that. They still don't understand that no one is being paid and we just don't like them. Like we're just like the mom sleuths, okay, we made time, we've got timelines. No one is over here getting paid from whoever you think we're getting paid from. They like, but this is, I'm telling you, they are deep into their conspiracies. As I said, I have seen this before, even in politics, I've seen this before. People just cannot perceive when they become that powerful, that any person would do anything against them or not wanna be with them.


And they're, they think people are constantly plotting their downfall. And so this shows you that they still have the mentality that what's happening now, which is the slews coming together and piecing together the story and people being angry by how bullied Justin Baldon was. You notice, I'm not even bringing up Justin Baldoni. No one has brought up Justin Baldon to me. They're basically like, he was just the puppy in the middle of this. It was like PR wars, angry people, a-list, actress and actresses. And he was just easy to kick. There he is, there he is, right there. Pull him up puppy. Nice. So sweet. And all these people are like, yep, we're aless. Let's go around. What are we gonna do on a Friday night? Let's go find some kittens to kick. Yeah, let's do it. And Justin Botone was there and they just did it. They were like kicked him. They just threw 'em off of a roof. People who like throw kittens and see if they went on their feet, that was Justin bald.


And it looks like he's landing on his feet, by the way, just gonna say that. But it's just interesting that they, they're going through with this 'cause they think they, they're hoping that they're gonna find something. And I, I, my instinct tells me that there's nothing there. That there is truly nothing there. And that the public reaction to Blake Lively was indeed authentic. Even Chris, Chris Kirsten flaw, the original reporter whose interview got leaked during that time that went viral of, of Blake being really mean to her. She came out and gave a statement and said, no, nobody called me nothing. She's like, I just saw people talking about her and I remembered this moment where she made me feel so small and I decided to just reshare it. But like I was not a part of some smear campaign. And they just got it wrong. They just got it completely wrong.


Another factoid, this came to me from a journalist. This is amazing. We were absolutely correct. So do not let people try to, to lie to you that Taylor Swift's marketing person put that article in the Daily Mail, okay? That Taylor Swift's marketing person, as I accurately predicted, 'cause I knew this dating back to like Kanye West that she has got, she's got some woman named Tree Paine. We might have a picture of this woman right here who is very powerful as well, neck and neck with Stephanie Jones. And she moved and I think because of our episode, that same the day before, to say that Taylor Swift was, you know, used, which is crap in my opinion.


And got that put in the Daily Mail. Now you may have seen that Page six then had a rebuttal to that and was like, it's not true. There's still friends. That's Blake Lively's team, that's Sloan pr allegedly they're, they're running page six and daily mail tree. So Taylor wants people to think she's not friends with Blake Lively. I know If it's true or not, but that's what she, her team wants the public to believe because they know it's gonna get yucky. And if tree is worth her pay, which I think she is, she's read through this lawsuit and she is reading, she's just reading the writing on the wall. Okay? We were also correct my understanding in our assessment that Blake and Ryan never intended to file a real lawsuit. They just wanted to do the CRD complaint because they thought it would be enough and the public would be swayed.


And they truly thought they were smarter than the public. So they plotted again, they gotta get rid of this Leslie Sloan PR people 'cause they suck because they, they were like, the public's not smart enough to know the difference between a civil rights complaint in the courts and an actual lawsuit. And it took like three hours before mommy sleuths on TikTok. Were like, this is not a real lawsuit. I mean, like, literally I saw threads about it in a blink of an eye. And so this is the problem with these Hollywood types. They just, they think they're so much smarter than us and that we can't get to the bottom of anything. And if we do figure something out, it's because we're getting paid, which is ridiculous. And So I am obviously not to going to let go of this lawsuit at all. And there apparently are more lawsuits coming.


I'm hearing there are more lawsuits coming. And we're gonna see what those have to do with Hollywood Reporter. Again, Hollywood Reporter is basically working for Ryan Reynolds and Blake Lively. I don't know what articles they're doing, but I'm, I'm learning that that's the plug for the Leslie Sloan pr I'm trying to understand all the PR wars because they matter. And that is that is that, oh guys, a hundred k people watching. Yes. I love that. That is absolutely amazing. So you know what I should do? I should shut up and actually start reading some of your questions and some of your comments and I'll answer 'em to the best of my ability. And also reminding you guys, you can go to info at Candace Owens dot com, email us If you have a tip, an insider, if you're a production system, If you worked on the show, If you formerly worked for Blake or Ryan and you signed the NDA, don't worry.


I will not, I will not reveal my sources, but they're coming outta the woodwork. If you worked at WME and your husband or your husband works at WM e and he had an affair and he cheated and you're really angry at him and you wanna tell me some more tea, you can email me at info at Candace Owens dot com.


And speaking of Candace Owens dot com, we launched our website. So If you are supporting this independent work, not paid, not paid by these people, it, you can go and you can donate there or you can sign up to watch the stuff that we have behind the paywall. I would deeply appreciate it. Our team works so hard. We actually worked all day yesterday and we worked on Saturday to get this episode together because we knew that there were, there were so many facts that we had to pull in and read all of these emails. And so my team works extremely hard. So yeah, go to Candace Owens dot com and sign up to support our work and reading your comments before I do reminding you my skin is glowing. It's not just because I'm pregnant with a boy, it's also because I use Nimi Skincare. And there is no better time in now to refresh your routine, set new intentions, and step into a healthier, more confident you. So if you're right to invest in self-care that truly makes a difference, Nimi Skincare has something special to help you greet the year with glowing skin and a renewed spirit. Right now, If you use Code Candace 10 at checkout, you will enjoy a 10% discount on your order. Whether you're treating yourself or helping someone else start the new year. Right? This is your chance to try NAMI's luxurious Skincare at a great price because Nimi Skincare is more than a product. It's a brand that you can feel proud to support. Every item is made in the USA reflecting the values of faith, family, and freedom. So If you're looking for Skincare, that's extra gentle. Nimi also has a line of clean formulas that are free of fragrance and other potential irritants, which is a thoughtful choice for anyone that is seeking a gentler approach. So be sure to use Code Candace 10 today at nimi Skincare dot com. That's spelled NIMI Skincare dot com and save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and a confident starch 2025 with Nimi Skincare dot.


All right, so yeah, those are some bombshells I just gave you guys a lot. I told you the tea would in fact be piping hot, okay? And like I said, everyone's emailing us, telling us stuff and we're not going to stop covering it. And it's, I did an interview actually this morning. It was with a Daily Telegraph, and she was asking me, what is it about this case that just really got you into it? And I was explaining to her, I don't like when defenseless people get bullied. Like I am the person that if I see it at an airport, like if I see a mother and I, and I've done this before, like who's on the phone distracting, is like yanking her child and he's like crying and I say something, I always say something because there's something about watching people that are defenseless, just being abused, that just lights a fire in my belly.


It's like, pick on someone your own size. Ryan Reynolds, pick on me. I got it. Like I I, I've got fight in me and when I decide to pick up these battles, I have to see them through the end. It becomes obsessive for me because I just, especially when it's a man, a man using the Me Too movement to get what he wants. Like Ryan Reynolds an insecure little baby. I cannot tolerate that, that that drives me absolutely insane. Thank you to Reem for the donation. Same for Fadi. Thank you so much for the donation. And he asks, hi Candace, off topic a bit. We the OG fans want to know how we are gonna celebrate 4 million subs along with you soon ideas. We collectively have two words for you, Amelia Perez popcorn ready and waiting. Much love and respect.


Yes guys also if you're here watching on YouTube live, hit the subscribe button. We are really getting close to 4 million, which would be the first time I ever had 4 million subs. I had to rebuild my channel off the daily wire. So I already feel like we have so many followers. I have more followers than I had when I was there and now we're getting really close to 4 million. So I'm excited. We are gonna have to have a party. I don't know what kind of party we're gonna have, but everyone's invited true natives rights. Can you check into the illegal law fair being waged against Tiffany? He the super mayor in Illinois. They are using Jedediah Brown, a Trump rally disruptor and admitted DOJ asset to harass mayor. He, I have not heard about that at all. I'm not even gonna pretend and I can check it out. So my producer will make a note.


Emilio writes, love your channel. It helps me speak up without fearing, cancel, cancel culture. I also bought chaos and can't wait to read it as a flight attendant. I'm very respectful When I see public figures in airports, if I ever see you, can I say hi? You can always say hi. You can always say hi to me If you see me. I'm not one of those people that doesn't like to speak to people when I'm out because I kind of think I wouldn't have a platform. I know I wouldn't have a platform if it wasn't for all of you guys that support the show and watch it every single day. So I'm always very grateful to everybody despite what the public, what the press says about me. I'm, I'm very nice so you can always come up to me, but you can't take pictures of my kids. That's my only rule. I'll say no photos with my kids and hand my kid over to someone. Amy writes, thank you so much for providing hands down the best entertainment rep and reporting currently available.


Thank you. I really, like I said this, this case just got to me and my cousin Justin Baldoni calling him my cousin, the reporter asked me today, she said, have you ever spoken to Al Dodi? Nope, never spoken to him. Do not know him, but it's okay 'cause that's my little cousin and then I'm not gonna allow these bullies to pick on him. You know what we're gonna do? We're gonna have like a kombucha day 'cause it's my, my little cousin who loves kombucha and and yoga and I feel like he has tea tree oils and sage. We're gonna have a sage in kombucha day and we're gonna just like be here for Justin Baldoni my crazy, my crazy little cousin who's just way too nice and needs to speak back to these people. I mean he, he really has mastered the art of restraint because I was very angry reading the messages that were written to him.


I don't know how he was nice back every single time. Okay, bling is the new black says, oh my god, I've become such a huge fan. I would love to do some Merch with you. Thank you so much. We're not doing any new Merch right now. We just kinda do our sandis cups. But there is some Merch on the website, Candace Owens dot com. Bailey Croft writes, I just know Blake and Ryan are watching and Ryan is gaslighting Blake to believe it's not about them. Yeah, absolutely. They're, it's a bunch of crazy people who are all paranoid and they're just wrong and it's gonna be a painful process and I think people are gonna lose their jobs. They're gonna lose their, I mean the 'cause the public is watching this. The public is seeing this. It's gonna hurt everybody but involved and yet they can't look away because they're all so used to getting what they want.


They're all just these little narcissists in Hollywood who don't realize the public kind of hates them all. Speaking of which, by the way, I wanted to show you this because remember, so we found the metadata, we, I mean literally all of us and we publicized it on Thursday and then we, they refiled on, they amended their case rather to include the metadata from all the internet slews. And that was on Friday. Well over the weekend the New York Times gave a statement to TMZ and I wanna show you, they are admitting via this statement in my viewpoint that we were correct about the metadata because what they wrote, So I, I guess in the filing they included one person who said that there was metadata which showed that they had the complaint before they published the complaint.


That was not on the show. Okay? We never accused them of having the complaint before they published. We accused them of October 31st and of December 18th and which shows that they had the messages and they were working on the story before Blake filed her complaint. So they're using, this is like a beautiful PR strategy. I don't know Scott, did we have, did we pull TMZs New York Times' statement on that? I may have actually have it on my, yeah, it's, while you're getting it up, I might actually have taken a screenshot of it because this is how PR works. I wanted to point this out to you. They're basically not answering the bigger part of it, which is Justin's team. Okay? It says, according to new docs obtained by TMZ.


Okay, that's Justin. Oh blah blah blah. Oh you have it. Amazing. So they wrote, the sleuths have noted that a version of the lively state complaint published by the Times carries the date December 10th, even though the complaint wasn't filed until more than a week later. The problem, that date is generated by Google Software and is unrelated to the date when the times received and posted it. And at the top there you can see it says the Baldon Wayfair legal filings are rife with inaccuracies about the New York Times, including, for example, the bogus claim that the Times had early access to Ms. Lively's state civil rights complaint. A spokesperson for the newspaper tells us, Mr.


Baldwin's lawyers based their erroneous claims on posting by amateur internet sleuths, who not surprisingly are wrong, they're not addressing October 31st or or the 18th. They looked in, this is perfect PR and they found some sleuth, which wasn't us who said that they had access to the CRD complaint. We've never alleged that we, we think they were working on this story with the messages that they got from, obviously got from PR woman Stephanie Jones. Really silly thing for her to do. Again, wouldn't it be trusted to even work there? But the point being is that they only replied to the thing that was inaccurate. This. So this is a case of the dog that's not barking and this is how PR works. They're not saying, why didn't they say there is all the metadata claims are wrong.


They didn't. They went after one metadata claim that we didn't make, which makes me believe the dog that's not barking. The October 31st metadata is on the money, as is the December 18th metadata that we pulled, which shows that the artist was working on this piece. So we're showing you that again, the artist working on the piece on the 18th, it had nothing to say about that. And also the metadata that we pulled, which showed the October 31st date. New York Times is in trouble. I'm telling you, everybody keeps going. But if this was me, I'd be out. I'd be so out. There are gonna be like the lost Public trust here and the Lost Company trust for WME and Stephanie Jones, Leslie Sloan, who just as objectively a really bad me too.


Like I'm a woman. I don't sit for depositions. Just this is terrible for your company. What are you saying? What do you mean you don't sit for depositions? 'cause you're a woman. That doesn't make you sound strong and fortified. I wouldn't wanna hire you as my PR person. Like I said, everybody's strapping themselves the same bomb and the only person that's gonna survive this is gonna be Justin Bald, my little cousin. Anyways, you guys


also wanna remind you lastly about American Financing. 'cause I know the average person finds it difficult to keep up with monthly expenses in most cases. There was a little left at the end of the month to cover any extras. Most Americans aren't getting a big raise. Expenses are up and it is very hard to manage without using credit cards. So If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation call today to my friends in American Financing. If you're carrying a credit card balance each month with a rate in the twenties or even the thirties, American Financing can help show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of that debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs nothing To find out how much you can save every month, call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. It's American Financing dot net slash owens today.


All Right guys, I'm gonna read a few more comments and also people that we're asking about the installment of the JIT Macron series that're supposed to go on our website today. I'm still hoping we're gonna get that up at in an hour, but to be honest with you, we have been under undergoing DDOS attacks. So this may have to get bumped and we are gonna have to potentially put it on YouTube tomorrow. So we're working that out. Follow me on Twitter and on Instagram for updates regarding that. Don't worry, we are still doing this entire series, but we have undergone the most aggressive DDOS attacks all weekend. They did not let up. They did not stop. A lot of you guys were emailing us. We were aware that they kept bringing down our servers and my husband is saying this is a state level attack. 'cause this is a very powerful attack.


And that makes me First and foremost happy because they're nervous about this series. Thank you everyone who watched the first episode in end installment of becoming brae. If you have not yet done that, you should go watch that. It's pinned to the top of our YouTube page. And also for those of you that are looking for past episodes, and some people say I, I can't see it on YouTube, you have to pivot over to the live column because we do the show live every day. I'm actually live, it's really me right here. I'm right, right here. And so they keep it, which I think is really foolish in a separate tab. So just look for the live tab and you can find our previous episodes. Okay, I'm gonna answer a couple more questions and then I'm going to go because it's been 67 minutes and I don't think I have any more tea to spill this person.


Ethan writes, Liz Plank really sucks. Yeah, once you realize she just was bought and they put her on a RSO series and that was the reason she turned on him in four seconds. Again, everyone wants to be an Alister and none of them are gonna be a-listers. Okay? This is basically like the casting couch and none of them are gonna get cast. And actually this is gonna be the worst possible thing because all of America is watching this and this is leaving a bad taste in their mouth. We just left and right. Whether you supported me to or you didn't support me to, we all have a boundary when it comes to kicking kittens. That's it. All of us. And I agree with you, it's crappy. The whatever podcast is here. Hello. They write, Hey Candace, what is your favorite Deadpool movie? I've only seen one of them and I wasn't a fan.


I just, I was like, this is like guy humor. I guess I just, it wasn't for me. So yeah, I, and I know a lot of guys like this. I, I could never watch Ryan Reynolds again because now I know that he's like, I know, I just feel like he's like violent. He's like, he's got a little bit of violence in him. He know what I mean? Like, I'm not saying like he hits people, but I'm saying to think that he's using acting as a tool to vent his frustration and potentially casting his wife as a bitch because he's angry about her behavior when he got home and didn't like flirty messages. And I'm working on another timeline by the way of ev all of Ryan's footsteps. And every time Blake makes like a little complaint or like she fakes ill, because the messages, the timeline, it just seems like she was ill too much.


I'm realizing that it's when Ryan's home, so he's filming, then he pops over and then suddenly Blake is like being a crazy person with demands. And then she's fine. Like she says I'm uncomfortable. And then she flies Justin bald on her plane with her kids to go to LA like two days after Ryan yelled at him in the apartment for saying, don't you dare ask my wife's weight. You know, that makes her uncomfortable. Don't do it again. And they're all crazy. And Justin's like, I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I was just literally, I just said to the trainer, because I'm, I have this back injury. Two days later Ryan's gone and she's like, Hey, do you wanna come on a plane with me and my kids? What? She's like two different people And I think it's who she is when he's there.


She, he's making demands behind the scenes and he is taken her phone and she's writing emails and PR statements and who she is when he's gone. I'm working on that timeline. I'm gonna have that for you guys later this week. Okay? Tomorrow is going to be spent jumping back into the Rajet Macron series, as I said. And I'm thinking that we're gonna have to bring that episode here onto YouTube, but I'm still working on this like a psycho, so do not worry about that you guys whatsoever. Lastly, Peggy Wright. So disappointed in Fox News is outnumbered where the woman, including Harris Faulkner, took beside of Blake Lively because of the fat shaming that Baldoni did. Again, so disappointing. That's just poor research. That means that she didn't read the case. I mean, there was literally zero fat shaming at all. There was no fat shaming.


And every time she alleged that there was Fat Sham or she just read Blake Lively's complaint and didn't read the response to it, whe or she didn't go through like I did every post of Justin Baldoni, the years of searching for a cure for the pain that he has in his back and you know, all of the yoga kombucha stuff and going down to South America like it did. He wasn't faking the injury. He long before Blake live, he was in the picture. He had these back problems and he spoke about them publicly because it was a source of a lot of internal pain for him. And you cannot come out of understanding that and realizing that they gave him the trainer, he knew it was her trainer and he was literally asking a question so he wouldn't reinjure himself. And so Harris Faulkner is wrong, and you're right to be upset that she didn't do the research instead is believing that Blake Lively, who was the one that fat shamed herself by saying, I wanna lose another 20 pounds.


When he said, don't worry about your weight at all. She's the one that's problematic. And I think Ryan Reynolds is driving the bus w Emmy. I would drop Ryan Reynolds about now. I'd be like, listen, it's gone too far. Jason Hode, Steph's husband, girl, you're gonna have to like, you know, alpha a bit and be like, what do you have me in? There's some bad stuff coming. All I'm saying, not saying anything else. All Right guys, I think I got everybody's question here. Amy, thank you. She says, thank you so much for providing hands down the best entertainment. Yep, we already said that. And Bling is the new Black Rights. Oh my God, I've become such a huge fan and would love to do some Merch with you. We got that. Okay. They got everything. Oh, RRN Explorer. Wow, CANDACE, my mind is blown. Mr. And Mr. Macro do not know who they're messing with.


Yeah, I'm thorough. If I'm gonna bring something to the forefront, I am always going to be thorough. And so we'll keep going on with this thorough investigation. You guys, please head to Candace Owens dot com. We've worked so hard on this website, sign up support, join the book club, watch Shot in the Dark, you'll get time with me. First book of the month is going to be chaos. It's gonna be so great, and I look forward to meeting with you all. I'm really grateful for all the new followers that we have and the new supporters and for you guys making it possible for me to do what I love, despite the fact that the mainstream media hates me. But if it makes you feel better, I hate them right back. We'll see you guys tomorrow.