
Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so you can move after New Year's. Start your move@opendoor.com or download the Opendoor app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Opendoor brokerage, LLC In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


Alright ladies and gentlemen, you better get ready because we are headed to World War iii. Whether you like it or not, that's the reality. It's very important that you understand that everyone is currently speaking about Israel's pager attacks or beeper attacks, but I think most people are missing the big picture here. That's the job of the media to make you focus on the molecular parts and not recognizing that there is a bigger, bigger picture that is actually emerging. They're going to stop at nothing, absolutely nothing to go to war with Iran that is planned and we are all supposed to be comfortable with that and the news agencies are supposed to convince you that it's justifiable. Also, later on in the show, we have a quick update.


Diddy has been sent to jail. Yeah, he's in the slammer. His bail has been denied. He offered a a really wild bail solution by the way. We're gonna discuss that and Kamala Harris has added again, you guys, once again, she proclaims that she's out here in the streets and she's also debuting a new Latina accent. I like Itta little Latina Kamala. That's what we have coming up on Candace. All right, So, I.


Don't think you could have plausibly missed this in the news. Everybody is discussing it and it's actually really important that you comprehend what is happening. Now, of course, the headline is that pagers exploded across Lebanon yesterday, killing at least 12 people, including two children and injuring about the estimates are 2,800 people in an attack that allegedly targeted the militant group Hezbollah. Now I'm gonna show you the map here of the explosions just so you can see where they were all across Lebanon. So quite a, a large area, and it, it is, it's being, what we're being told right now in the press is that Hezbollah bought the pagers months ago, and at some point Israel interfered on that supply chain and was able to put explosives inside of the pager.


So they were able to send a signal and then all of these explosions took place across Lebanon. I'm gonna show you one of them, one of the videos of this which emerged taking place in a grocery store in Beirut. Take a look at this so you can see that guy there. He's just on the ground here in case you're listening to this on audio, you, you basically just have a guy that's buying some fruit in a grocery store next to some people, and then it looks like his pocket explodes. Presumably he had a pager in his bag and it completely exploded and there were kids in the area.


You see people obviously trying to protect the children, not sure what exactly it is that is happening. So you can imagine that took place about 3000 times all across the country, which led to tons of confusion. A lot of people being ru rushed to the emergency room. Also, what we're finding out is that it wasn't just contained two injuries of people that were Lebanese, but Iran's ambassador to Lebanon. A man named Moba Amini lost one eye and severely injured his other eye when the pager that he was carrying exploded in a simultaneous wave of blasts. Now it is, as I said, believed that they were able to intercept these pages somewhere in the supply chain before Hezbollah got to them and rigged them.


It's being alleged that they thought they were buying these Taiwan based gold Apollo pagers. But what actually happened was there was a hungry based consulting firm that somehow got involved and they licensed the technology so they were able to put the name of the technology so they were purporting to be selling this product, but it wasn't actually Taiwanese based and people had been calling the person that allegedly was supposed to be running that company in Hungary, and she has not been picking up the phone. So it's very likely that this was some sort of a masad front, which by the way, as, as far as intelligence agencies goes, this was a, a pretty clever operation.


And you can imagine that it has sending a shiver down a lot of people's spines today. You would think that the first thing that the media in the west would be asking is, are we vulnerable to this sort of an attack? That should have been the first question. I was, I was very surprised to see people what Yay amazing. Go, go, go. And I, I really do believe, and I tweeted this, that Americans, we have suffered from privilege, which is to say that because we don't have any memory of fighting a war on our soil, we just don't think it could ever happen here. And. so we speak about war like it's a football game overseas, right? Like we're just literally rooting for one side or rooting for the other.


We don't think about the the severe ramifications. We don't think about the fact, okay, well what if we're at war with a, with Israel? That's why I hate when people say the stupid statement like, they'll forever be our friend and ally, you should never say this about any country If. You are a sovereign nation. You could never make the claim that any country, whether it is the uk, whether it is any of the countries that we have been France, I would never say France will forever be our our friend in Ally. That's, that's a foolish statement to make If you are a sovereign nation because the reality is, is that any country can become a foreign adversary and we are looking at something, a type of attack that we haven't seen before, right? We're talking about interrupting a supply chain and causing technological devices to explode.


And it didn't just end by the way, it's still ongoing. It wasn't just yesterday that this took place. On Wednesday, they caused walkie talkies to also explode across Lebanon, detonating a fresh wave of explosions across the country. Now, preliminary information suggests that there are between 15 and 20 explosions in the sub in the southern suburbs of Beirut and a further 15 to 20 blasts in southern Lebanon. And one of this, one of these explosions took place at a funeral. It's very clear that they were able to hit their targets, Hezbollah operatives, because at this particular funeral, I believe it was for Hezbollah operatives that were being buried, and then walkie talkies began going off, or at least one walkie-talkie.


And the explosion was bigger than the explosion was for the pagers the day before. We have some footage of that. I'm going to show you Now the walkie talkies. And again, a lot of this information is coming out today. We're learning all of this today, apparently a more controversial attack because these walkie talkies were available to a, a much wider net of people and a lot of the people who faced these explosions were just civil workers, people that were employed, ambulance workers who also tended to Hezbollah members more will come out in the future.


So I. I think this is one of those cases where it doesn't pay to be the first one to comment on it. Again, we will pursue, we will receive more information as time goes on. Now, the US is saying that they have absolutely no idea anything about this attack. They had no indication it was going to take place. Anthony Blinken said that said as much, and I, I just find that to be incredible. I just don't see how you can send billions and billions of dollars to a country and be supplying them the money to do these sorts of things and then be able at the same time to completely detach yourself from whatever it is that country is doing. But we see that over and over again when it comes to the special relationship between America and Israel and taking it a step further, by the way, several solar power systems also exploded in people's homes across Lebanon, and that's at, at least according to the national news agency.


So we are talking about a full tech attack that is going on and people are asking the question, is this fair? Is this fair? Or are we seeing a new kind of a terrorist attack that is laying the groundwork for future attacks that we had never considered? Like, are, are, are we vulnerable with our iPhones before an adversary wants to attack our iPhones, can they interrupt the supply chain and put explosive devices in them, them? These are now meaningful questions. like I said, if we had a western media that was actually interested in protecting the, the people in western society like American, the American journalists, it seems to me never think about these things more broadly. And I guess I have an apocalyptic mindset and when I see that, I just go, can this happen here?


And the answer obviously is yes, this could in fact happen here. The reactions, I wanna be very clear, I was completely sickened. I really do believe that there was a strand of people that had become so radicalized by Zionism that they literally just applaud death. I I, I cannot comprehend even If, you meaningfully believe that this is an, an appropriate targeted surgical response to the rockets that Hezbollah was sending to Northern Israel, which they have been sending rockets Northern Israel since October 7th to mock and to laugh at a situation where you know, that innocent civilians were caught up in like that children died to me is just so far beyond the pale.


It's hard for me to comprehend that sort of a reaction. And. so we saw that across social media and there were child victims. One was a 9-year-old named Fatima Abdullah. She had her funeral yesterday. It was a lot of her school friends, which gathered to mourn the nine year olds. And that is something to remember. like I said, we are so far removed from war here that we speak about it like we're playing a video game. and that sort of a thing needs to actually stop. I mean, some people found this so funny, by the way, you know the account awesome Jew, the one that led to the mass reporting of my YouTube channel that wanted me to be censored. A total radical Zionist, totally a deranged individual who does in fact celebrate death and for whatever reason is allowed to have this account and target individuals who who call this sort of stuff out.


Look what this awesome Jew tweeted about this attack. I'm gonna show you this back forth tweets at rep representative Thomas Massey who in Congress is come You know, just the, I think a stalwart. He has been very strong on his opinions. He does not vote for a single dollar to go overseas, doesn't matter what country it is forever, he has a very consistent voting record. A awesome Jew hates him because that would include of course not sending money to Israel. And they tweeted to rep Thomas Massey. Thomas Massey is reportedly seeking a new method of communication with his Iranian handlers as he's afraid to use his Iranian beeper after today's events.


Someone replied to him and wrote, did his wife have a pager? I'm just asking questions here. And awesome Jew responded with a laughing emoji. Now to be clear, in case you don't remember this, Thomas Massey's wife passed away tragically, I believe it was last month. It might've been the the month before. This was his high school sweetheart. Unbelievably sad this took place. But because he won't, doesn't believe in sending money overseas ever until we fix American issues, this is something for them to mock and wonder if his wife died from a pager. Truly sickening response. Now, Edward Snowden obviously a very big name, a brave American who literally risked his life and fundamentally changed his life because he is now still having to hide in Russia from agencies for leaking information to show the American people that our government was spying on us.


So he tweeted this regarding the attack he wrote, if it were iPhones that were leaving the factory with explosives inside the media would be a hell of a lot faster to cotton on to what a horrific precedent has been set today. Nothing can justify this. It's a crime. A crime and everyone in the world is less safe for it. He also retweeted someone who wrote this, I doubt a hacking can do that. This is way more powerful as any battery can do. A wild guess will be that Mossad captured all of those pagers before being delivered to Hezbollah them install, then install a tiny charge of C four and circuit that exploded when receiving a call from a certain phone number. and that seems to be correct, and I think it is fair to say that it does set a precedent.


It absolutely sets a precedent. Edward Soan also reposted this breaking according to Lebanese security sources, the explosive devices that resulted in the injuries of thousands in Lebanon, Lebanon today and in Syria. And the killing of at least nine, including children were imported five months to go and implanted with up to 20 grams of explosive material. This means this was premeditated in pre-planned months ago by Israel. So what are your thoughts on that? What are your thoughts aside from wondering whether or not you should have a device in front of you like I have this computer in front of me, or whether or not your phone could be turned into a weapon which could potentially kill you? Well, I'll give you my thoughts.


All of this is a show, okay? It's, it is truly and honestly a show. And I want to jog your memory of the very honest reasons why we are seeing so much war chatter taking place right now. You're not gonna like the person that I'm going to sh present to you who I believe told Amer the American people the truth in on this. I'm not saying his entire interview was truthful, but I am saying that Vladimir Putin, when he sat down with Tucker Carlson did deliver us some hard facts about the world and the state of things. Your gut is telling you that what's going on in Ukraine and what's going on in Israel and all of this, oh, Iran's trying to kill President Trump.


Your gut is telling you that you're not getting the full truth. What is actually happening right now? Why does it seem like the elites are desperate for World War Three? Well, this is what Vladimir Putin had to say to Tucker Carlson months ago. Take a listen. The Brix countries are by and large developing very rapidly. Look, if memory serves me right back in 1992, the share of the G seven countries in the world economy amounted to 47%. Whereas in 2022 it was down to I think a little over 30%.


The bricks countries accounted for only 16% in 1992. But now their share is greater than that of the G seven. It has nothing to do with the events in Ukraine. This is due to the trends of global development and world economy. As I mentioned just now, and this is inevitable, this will keep happening. It is like the rise of the sun. You cannot prevent the sun from rising. You have to adapt to it. How do the United States adapt with the help of force sanctions, pressure, bombings and use of armed forces?


This is about self conceit. Your political establishment does not understand that the world is changing under objective circumstances. And in order to preserve your level, even if someone aspires, pardon me, to the level of dominance, you have to make the right decisions in a competent and timely manner. Such brutal actions, including with regard to Russia and say other countries are counterproductive. This is an obvious fact. It has already become evident. So, I am just going to restate everything that he is saying. You're hearing him mention bricks.


that is Brazil, Russia, India, Indonesia, China, South Africa and Iran. They have come together. Iran joined in 2023 to create this multilateral organization. They are trading with one another and they are not using the US dollar. Major, major ramifications. And Im implications because you are seeing a, a new world power emerge. He's talking about G seven. You're so used to seeing those pictures of all of the Western leaders meeting at the G seven summit. We are the bosses in charge of the world. We are the most powerful. But in reality that power has been fracturing for a very long time and Iran is a big piece of the reason why.


So to make it clear to you guys, oil is price in the united in, in US dollars on the world market, okay? That's what we refer to as the petrodollar. Back in 2008, Iran removed itself from the Petrodollar. Okay? So Iran is the second largest oil producer to opec. In other words, they just completely stopped performing oil transactions using the US dollars after they felt that the US was increasing pressure on its financial system. Now, what Putin is saying here is true. When America wants something and we're like, okay, well it's, it's the US dollar. When the West wants something, we essentially try to squeeze other nations by reminding them, Hey, we're the us like we are the powerful dollar.


You saw this by the way, and this is what he's mentioning with sanctions on Russia, okay? In the region when when war broke out between Ukraine and Russia, rather than minding our own business, America said, we're gonna sanction you. And we started saying, you know, we're pulling McDonald's out and we're gonna do this and nobody's gonna be allowed to work with you in the US dollar and you won't be able to trade, blah blah, blah, blah. So guess what they did? Russia said, okay, we're gonna just trade with other people and we're not gonna use the US dollar. They got around the US dollar and actually strengthened their economy in the process showing that it could be done. That you don't actually need to rely on the US dollar to make your country strong.


That means countries are realizing that well, Western hegemony is on its way out. So Iran is one of these nations, as I said, and they now only do transactions in non-dollar currencies. that is a major hit. And as I mentioned in 2023, Iran joined bricks. In fact, those countries are going to be meeting in the summit that will likely not be covered by your mainstream media as they are all growing. Okay? It is, it is disrupting, it is very disruptive to the global environment. And. so you can hear what Putin is telling you is that the West has been smug and and we do foolish things.


We'll, we'll sanction you If. you don't start teaching transgenderism like, I mean we're, we're involved in trying to bully other countries by using the strength of a dollar. We've been doing that for a long time and eventually these countries just said, enough is enough. Iran being one of them, Russia being one of them. And what he's saying is true. This Ukraine conflict is all auxiliary to the big thing, okay? Wars are not fought over conflicts between Ukraine and Russia. Regional conflicts, wars are fought over, resources and wars are fought over the economy. Resources being tied to the economy obviously. And I woke up to that when my husband made me read a book early on in our relationship called the World for Sale.


And I realized that If, you don't understand the game of resources, If, you don't understand the world of pipelines and oil and gold, then you have no idea what is happening across the world or why we are going to war again. What has taught you in history class is a fairytale. Okay? Even the economist wrote a piece and I, I believe this, this piece was recently published entitled How China, Russia and Iran are Forging Closer Ties From that piece. They wrote, quote, United by a Common Foe, the trio, China, Russia, and Iran now vow to advance a common foreign policy support for a multipolar world no longer dominated by America.


All see stronger economic ties as the basis for their alliance. that is the reality of what is happening right now. So because they can't, and we, when I say they, I'm talking about the globalist elites, but because they can't compete in the right way, they are demanding war. I mean even the implications, I mean there are question marks surrounding what is really happening in Israel. I, I look at the resources there. I look at the fact that Gaza has a massive oil reserves. I look at the fact that Ukraine out of nowhere attacked Nord stream cutting off Russia from Europe, cutting, cutting a pipeline off from Russia to Europe. This is how you have to view the world.


Everything else they're telling you is a nonsense. They're dumbing this down making you think. It's about blowing up pagers when in reality what it's about is wanting to increase tensions, wanting to poke the bear, wanting to go to war with Iran because after war you get to just reset, you get to plunder and you get to steal just like in old times, right after, after you steal from villages, you plunder, you take the women, you do whatever you want. They're looking for the exact same thing here. This is coming down to the dollar and Iran has been on their radar for a very long time. And I am telling you this because you need to wake up to the fact that probably nothing will stop them on this quest.


It'd be nice if they had our support in this, but I think they're understanding they're not gonna get our support in it. That's why they keep saying everything that happens is Iran, right? Everything that happens is Iran or Russia and America. They've been saying this for a very long time because they feel threatened because they can't compete with ideas. And people are saying no to western nations, bullying them to become weak nations like we have become. I don't say this as a pro Putin puppet, I say this, I don't say this because I'm supporting terrorism in the Middle East. I'm saying this because we are going to be the people that are gonna live through this war. 'cause I believe truly that it is inevitable. So I hope that the information that I'm giving you will send you to research further into the resources, to research further into the Brix nations and to understand why they did not want that sit down between Putin and Tucker to happen.


Because despite maybe some things he said that were embellishments or maybe something as he said that were untrue, the basis for his understanding of how the West works and the corruption and how our presidents are not real presidents are not really actually in any power. And how he actually just deals with the CIA. What he was ultimately doing was revealing the deep state and also giving us a glimpse of the deep state agenda, which is pro-war. Anyways, you guys, that's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


I wanna take a second here to talk to you about Native Path collagen. It's a single ingredient formula with no fillers, additives, or artificial sweeteners. iPath collagen is made with one type one and three collagen fibers, which are found in your cartilage bones, skin, hair, nails, and gut. Their ingredients are scientifically backed to increase bone mineral density, support tissue recovery, reduce wrinkles, enhance hair thickness, and strengthen weak or damaged nails completely. Flavorless Native Path collagen can be added to anything. Coffee, smoothies, oatmeal, you name it. It's peptide formula makes it more bioavailable, meaning it's absorbed more easily and mixes perfectly without clumping. Right now, when you visit Native Path Do Sale slash Candace, you can stock up on Native Path collagen for up to an incredible 45% off today, plus free shipping. Every order comes with a 365 day money back guarantee. So you can try it risk free today, Native Path offers ama amazing bundle deals. You can get three or six packs at a fraction of the price on other brands. So visit Native Path Do sale slash Candace today.


All Right guys, let's talk about Diddy, this update, I did this whole episode yesterday and then as soon as I finished my episode, it was announced that he was going to prison. The D the the D, the D, the Y is going to prison. He is in, he is in jail. And just to briefly remind you, he was arrested yesterday. He appeared in court to jog your memory, he faces a minimum sentence of 15 years and a statutory min maximum of life in prison if he is convicted of the crimes that he is accused of. Now, he appeared in court aside his sons, his sons were there with dad, that's Christian and Quincy combs there to support their father, which I find to be interesting because I do believe that if anything happens to their dad, they might be revealing more information.


And by the way, during the court hearing, in this desperate attempt to remain free, did he begged for bail proposing his own home and his mother's as a part of a $50 million surety, that he wasn't gonna flee the country. They had already taken his passport back in April. So not necessarily concerned that he's gonna flee the country, but obviously they just view him to be a dangerous individual in general on the basis of the alleged threats and the coercion and the trafficking that is involved in this case. While the judge saw Wright through him trying to offer money as security and they said, Nope, you are going to jail. Really interestingly though, his attorney, which he spoke about yesterday, mark Agni promised to appeal the decision to deny bail shortly after the hearing and said that his client was being treated unfairly and harshly.


Plus came for Cassie. She was kinda the first one that came out and loudly proclaimed that this guy was an abuser that she had lived through abuse obviously. We then watched him beat her to a pummel on camera. He owned that. So we don't have to say allegedly there, it's hard to say allegedly when we saw it with our own two eyes and he was like, oh, I'm really sorry for that. Beat her in a hotel room. And the lawyer thought it was a good strategy to come out and be like, you know, Cassie is not telling the truth. And she was into everything that he did. Anyways, take a listen to what Diddy's lawyer had to say on the way out of court. So, so this was, this was the first step we have.


We have, we have a bail appeal scheduled for tomorrow, three 30 in front of Judge Carter, the district judge assigned to this case. I think that that we, we we've, we've made the points that we've been wanting to make. I think he came out, Mr. Combs is a fighter. He's gonna fight this to the end. He's innocent. He came to New York to establish his innocence. He's not afraid, he's not afraid of the charges. There's nothing that the government said in their presentation today that changes anyone's mind about anything he's been looking forward to this day. He's been looking forward to clearing his name and he's gonna clear his name and we're gonna stand by his side as, as he does.


We believe in him wholeheartedly. He didn't do these things. This was a 10 year relationship. There's no coercion, there's no crime. There's basically just, you know, someone who brought a civil case and now is, is finding themselves as a wi a witness in a, in a criminal case. And we're gonna fight this case with everything we have as is he. And eventually he's gonna be shown to be innocent And. so tomorrow we fight again and we fight. We'll fight every day until we don't have to fight anymore. He was walking and people were asking him more questions regarding Cassie. He said, quote, these two people were in love. The victim ended up marrying the trainer that Mr. Combs got for her.


They had been cheating on each other for years, referring to Cassie again. But now she had two kids with a trainer. Years later she realized that she had a good thing with Mr. Combs. That's what he told the court. He also basically was saying that she participated in the freak offs and that they were just an expansion of their long-term relationship with. And they would introduce male partners to have sex with because she was into that. And he said quote, is it sex trafficking? Not if everybody wants to be there. We are not better off if the federal government comes into our bedrooms. They don't do good there. That's what they're doing. They're coming into Mr. Combs bedroom. Now look, I'm not a person that believes that people should be considered guilty before they have their day in court.


I definitely very much believe in due process. It is just very hard not to believe your own eyes when you watch a man beat a woman on camera. Like it is very hard for me to believe that this was a situation that she enjoyed. And aside from that parking aside, the the woman, the guy, little Rod just presented so much evidence in terms of the videos and the pictures that he included in his filing. Again, he is innocent until proven guilty. But we're gonna continue to follow this case because I think there are some wide reaching implications here. And I personally believe on the basis of what I have seen, that Feds are involved in this and that they're going to do everything that they can to protect Diddy just like they did with Jeffrey Epstein.


Which many people do not believe that he's even dead. I think that they, he they took him out and maybe he got some plastic surgery and is living in a different country that's a plausibility or he was quite literally just killed in his cell. But I don't think there are, there's really anybody who believes that Jeffrey Epstein actually killed himself in prison and was not killed because of the secrets that he held. So we're gonna continue to follow this case and keep you updated.


All Right. guys, before we get to Kamala, who is back in these streets, I wanna take a quick minute to tell you about Seven Weeks Coffee. Why are they called Seven Weeks Coffee? Because at seven weeks a baby is a size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $500,000 for these centers that have saved over 5,000 lives by providing free ultrasounds and other resources to moms in need regarding the quality of the coffee. you know, I'm very picky about what I put in my body. It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acidic, and it's organically farmed So. it truly checks all the boxes and exclusively for my listeners If, you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace, you'll receive up to 25% off of your order. Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro pro-life organizations across the us. That's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code CANDACE for up at 25% off your order.


So Kamala Harris is back on the streets. It's amazing. I am just disappointed in black America, any black person who is applauding this and just keeps don don't know, it's like just watching the same show over and over and over again on loop, just changing out the characters. But the plot line never, never changes, right? The script never changes. You just find a candidate, get her to say a couple of things that I guess sound hip and black America goes, this is our candidate. This is our candidate. I actually let just say black men seem to be waking up to this nonsense a little quicker than black women are. And there are a lot of black women who are not here for the Kamala Harris fake black woman. Her dad is Indian as well, her mom is Indian, but her dad lived in Jamaica so she's just purporting to be black.


Anyways, Kamala sat down yesterday with the National Association of Black Journalists under, to jog your memory, they were the ones that gave that super hostile interview to Trump. Wouldn't let him get a word in edgewise or pinning him as a monster. Of course, they're the exact opposite softball interview for Kamala Harris. It was exactly what you would expect, a totally hot air interview. But it is impressive how much she struggles to answer a question because she's completely full of it, right? I mean, she means nothing. She flip flops on things and she uses so many words to say absolutely nothing. And still they fawn over her. but they were, I will say the audience was noticeably not enthused by her when she gave a non-answer regarding reparations.


I know, that's the big thing. Are you gonna executive executively sign off on reparations for black Americans? 'cause they always do the song and dance, dance for black Americans. I get in office, you're gonna get paid because you were not slaves and we were not slave owners. But everyone's gonna have to pay for what happened a long time ago. It was, it's completely nonsensical. Again, it's just meant to be a bait. And then as soon as they get to office, they, they don't do anything that they promised. It's all about just like emotionally engineering black Americans to constantly think Democrats are their saviors. It's been like 70 years of this nonsense and they've never delivered on a single promise, but whatever. We still gotta pretend they're going to because she says that she's in these streets a lot. Anyways, here she is.


When somebody pushes her wondering if she's going to sign an executive order on reparations, take a listen. Jackson Lee's signature bill. One of a few was HR 40, which would create a commission to study the history of US slavery and study the issue of reparations. Would you as president, take executive action to create this commission or do you believe that it should happen in Congress? Well, first of all, I just, as you mentioned, Sheila Jackson Lee, she was an extraordinary leader who we just recently lost and, and she was a friend and a real champion for so many issues.


So I feel compelled to say that about her on the issue of what we need to do going forward. Look it, first of all, we just need to speak truth about history in spite of the fact that some people would try and erase history and try and teach our children otherwise, we need to speak truth about the generational impact of our history in terms of the generational impact of slavery, the generational impact of, of, of redlining of Jim Crow law. I could go on and on and on. These are facts that have had impact and we need to, we need to speak truth about it and we need to speak truth about it in a way that is about deriving solutions.


And frankly, I think that we, you know, and part of that is, is studying it to figure out exactly what we need to do. But part of what we can do right now is for example, what I'm talking about in terms of building an opportunity economy, which is addressing explicitly the obstacles that historically and currently exist and dealing with them. Student loan debt, medical debt bias in home appraisals. What we need to do in terms of dealing with an issue that I have championed for years, black maternal mortality, which is the fact that black women are three to four times more likely to die in connection with childbirth than other women.


And we know that the reasons for that include disparities that pre-exist, her pregnancy, including disparities that exist in the system, system during her pregnancy. So all of those things must be addressed. Okay? That wasn't even like a DC dip and twirl, that was like a DC dip twirl, cotton eye. Joe do the splits, a couple of summer assaults. I mean, she didn't answer the question at all. It was a yes or no question. Like, Hey, are you gonna use your option and sign an executive order to give us those reparations that you've been speaking out for a very long time? And I mean, this woman just went everywhere. you know, first we need to talk about the history, we need to talk about the facts.


And the facts are there are, there's a lot of history. And the history is that there are a lot of facts. And the facts are that black Americans have been childbirth. Did I mention childbirth? Did I mention everything but the reparations question that you just asked me? 'cause If, you gave me five more minutes. I'm gonna make sure that I mention everything except for the answer to the question that you just asked me. But I'm gonna not like this and keep saying facts and keep saying truth. Did I mention truth? And I'm gonna keep saying history and hopefully you will just applaud whatever it is that I say because I also remind, I would like to remind you that I am darker than Donald J. Trump and that should be all that matters.


Give me your vote. That's Kamala Harris in a nutshell. She never answers a single question. She, she doesn't even comprehend anything. I don't even think she understands what her capabilities would be if she were a lecture of the president of the United States And. so she feeds people Bs. And to be honest, that audience deserves the BS that she feeds them. I'm sorry if If, you are literally gonna watch them stage a coup against Joe Biden and watch her just be inserted as their candidate and applaud it and pretend that she's like a, the Martin Luther King Jr character. If that's, if that's truly the narrative that you are going to accept that quickly, then you deserve it. I'm okay with this.


I'm okay with her BSing people that consistently fall for BS by the way, it gets even better because she then did this thing. It's an amazing, amazing little Spanish accent because she sat down with a congressional Hispanic caucus at their leadership event that was today, I just want you to hear this little accent. Oh, it's good to see so many friends. I love you back. I love you back. It's so hard. you know me, I come from a country that I love you back. You can call me kies. I wanna run 'cause I wanna do this.


I think it would be so fun for me to just like adopt on and just play dress up and different characters. I'd be like, I love you pitty, bitty bum bum, a pitty bitty bum bum kola floor. If I'm like in front of the Mexicans like doing whatever, a little bit of Ventura, what do you guys want? What? Who do you want me to be today? Because I'm gonna run for present just to do this, to be a different person every single day. I'm gonna be Indian. Some days I'm gonna be black some days. And sometimes she's just amazing. And she somehow managed to, at that same event, remind people that she's in these streets. Take a listen. In fact, recently I was in Nevada, I'm in these streets.


Lemme tell you, I'm everywhere. I just, she's just amazing and and they laugh, they eat it up. They're like, ha ha ha ha. Oh my god, you're so great. You're in these streets. In these streets. Something she never said ever before she decided to run or weather when she was inserted to run for president in Joe Biden's place, like I said, you get what you deserve. The audience that applauds that and laughs at that deserves whatever they have coming to them. I don't deserve it though. You don't deserve it because we know that the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, expenses are up, and it's very hard to manage to pay all the bills without grabbing the credit cards.


If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute call, no obligation call. By the way, you can call my friends at American Financing. Interest rates are coming down. You probably saw that today and are now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month, the rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customer an average of $800 a month. That's a lot If. you get started today. You may not even have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens.


Okay guys, before you get into these comments, I just wanna say fat shaming works. And it's not because you're actually shaming people, they just, they've termed it fat shaming, but it's not. I am proof of the fact that when you are honest with people and you tell them that they need to become healthy, that is a good strategy. Like that kind of, we need to be shamed as a society. We need to be shamed when we're doing things that are bad. I did this for like a year with Lizzo. She hated me, she blocked me, but that's my girl. Even though she's pretending we're not, we are not girls. And she wouldn't be pretending because I have actually never met her or spoken to her. I'm pretending that we are girls because this, she is back up at showing all of this weight loss. Look at Lizzo right now.


I am sorry, look at this before and after. I am very proud of Lizzo and she's not the only one. Okay? So you're not gonna believe this. About a year ago there was this YouTuber because you know, you can get banned on YouTube for pretty much anything. Like I got banned for literally nothing. But You know point is, is you can get banned because you're speaking about politics. You can, you won't get banned. If, you are quite literally 400 pounds and your whole YouTube channel is just you eating and making yourself fat. There's literally a YouTube channel that has been dedicated to that run by a guy, I believe his name is Nico, but he goes by his stage name is Ni Nico, like a, like a Nico avocado. And he literally just orders meals and eats them like just like giant meals and sees how much he can eat.


And people watch this and he's become very rich doing this and also clinically obese and uses a breathing tube. I saw this last year on my old show and I was so disgusted with this that I covered it. I covered this trend of people that were literally watching someone kill themselves, kill themselves, 8 million followers on YouTube as he's just slowly killing himself. And we had a back forth, he saw my video somehow and got super angry at me and was just like, who are you to be saying that I must be suffering from depression? Because obviously if you're as big as he is, you would be suffering from depression. If you're making your money sitting down and eating this way, you don't feel good. It's a, it's gluttony, it's a sin.


And here I'm just gonna show you, jog your memory on this back forth I had with him. 'cause you're not going to believe him today. Take a look at this. Back forth. You're a political commentary channel. What do I have to do with your world? Nada? Is your channel suffering that much? Have you run things out outta things to talk about that you have to talk about me and my life and I'm not actually, I'm thriving and you can't say otherwise. And I'm not gluttonous. I barely eat that much. And there's actually not that much here today. And she's not even saying truthful things. Everything under the sun and a bunch of calories for profit, right?


How do you know if I have or not? Do you just look at someone and be like, wow, you, you might eat a lot of food so therefore you have this, this, this, and This. So becoming depressed in front of the world, he is essentially killing himself on camera. Slowly. I don't even understand if people were getting booted for spreading things that weren't verified. That's YouTube's policy. Now, did you verify if I ate 10,000 calories a day? No. Did you verify if I have to? No. Did you verify if I'm crazy? No. I am going to be a kind individual and tell you that you need to stop and that you can get that same sort of attention from being healthy, right? You could. You could actually now say change my mind.


Just like you changed your mind from being vegan and then you decided that you were gonna go the other way and indulge yourself. You can change your mind again and say, I'm going to be the fittest person ever. And you can make videos of you on the treadmill and walking slowly until you can start to run, until you can sprint, right? I don't, I mean just, we wanna see that journey. I love before and after, right? You are at the before and I don't want you to die. I'm so kindhearted. Guess what? I promise you he must have started this journey immediately after my episode and me being so kind to him and saying, you should lose weight and wanna feel healthy. He has lost a staggering 250 pounds.


He did this secretly. This is the before and after. This is him right now. Now I am still convinced that he has some issues because he seems to love the attention of doing this. Being a a thin vegan and then getting very fat and then getting thin. I would welcome a conversation with him. But the before and after pictures speak for themselves again, losing 250 pounds. Am I not saving lives? Like how am I banned from YouTube? I'm literally saving people's lives. Like how does Australia not want me? I'm saving people's lives just telling them to be better. I have to be everybody's mommy. Sometimes I momed him. I momed Lizzo. Now they both look better, are no doubt feeling better. And I'm grateful. I'm actually so grateful.


And it, it again, again is a lesson that shame is a necessary ingredient for us to change. We cannot become a society that pretends to love people by accepting them when they're harming themselves. Okay? You are harming yourself. If your brand is to be fat and gluttonous, you are harming yourself and the people that are purporting to love you actually hate you. And the person that tells you, Hey, you can do better. That's the person that actually loves you, the person that wanna motivate you to be a better version of yourself. Sometimes you just need a good kick in the ass. All Right. guys, I'm gonna read some of your comments before we end this show. Let me scroll down and see what you guys are saying. Play it out. Writes, hi CANDACE. I just wanna say, please never stop being so brave, And, so courageous.


You are the best and most important journalists in the world. Also, I'd love to see you interview Ryan Garcia. Thank you so much. We're planning tons of interviews into the future now that we are figuring out exactly how to do it in this new show format. Abor writes Candace, can you please research what is happening today in parallel to Revelations? A lot of things are lining up. Indeed. Obviously I have to do a lot more, I think spiritually and theologically on this show, and I intend to do so in the future. Sue DUIs writes, I am like, you afraid that a potential nuclear war is coming. I can't comprehend why people are so oblivious to this possibility. Let's put white flags on our homes and cars. We have to ferment the conversation. Yeah, I agree with you.


I think what what really happens is people just sort of have this really esoteric understanding of what's happening in the world and they're just not awake to the scale of evil. but they get there first very slowly. And then I think quickly. It just takes taking the first bite, so to speak. And for me it was vaccines. It was, for me, it was recognizing that vaccines were all a lie. That it was an industry that was based on lies and deceptions and that they were intentionally harming our children, knowing that they were harming our children. Once the scales fall fell from my eyes on that one topic, I then realized the potential for other great evils in this world.


And I think a lot of people are, are, are getting there. So you just sometimes have to give them time. Cheryl writes, I was slow to become a fan of cannas, partly due to not wanting to face my own stupidity, of allowing my own enslavement. However, the systematic attempts to destroy her woke me up fast. Support her, please. Thank you, Cheryl. And don't hate yourself or dis or regret that you were slow to become a fan of me. I always say to people, I'm an acquire taste. you know, If, you acquire it very quickly. I question you. Just kidding. But I listen, I had the same ideas that you likely had and it is completely understandable and predictable when you think about the public school system and what exactly it is, which is just emotional engineering. We come out of public school and we naturally lean to the left.


And we also believe that the mainstream media is telling us the truth. And why would we trust an outsider who's saying they don't vax their children? So give yourself credit. You got there eventually, and thank you for supporting this show. Kimberly Hall writes, A young girl saw that I was watching your live, and she said to me that you were crazy and on hinge. And I was like, yeah, I love it. Ha ha. Yeah, I know. I just love people that are so caught in the simulation that they really do believe even after such big events like Covid, which is such a mass deception on a grand scale, they still believe the mainstream media, like they still fall back into their old routines. I'm fascinated by those individuals. I think it's too scary to consider that your entire world is a lie. And it is.


I when I came to terms with that, that everything that I believed was actually wrong, I definitely went through a period of wondering whether or not I had gone crazy because how could I have been so easily duped for so long in my life? And it takes a tremendous amount of humility to accept that and then to pursue actual truth. Sarah writes, Kamala will do every accent except Indian. that is very, very funny. that is absolutely hilarious. All Right, guys. Well, that is all the time that we have for today. If, you wanna support the show. You can head to locals.com. You can also head to club CANDACE dot com and buy yourself some merch, even If, you don't just pray.


I really do believe that the praise of the prayers of protection are working. And I know that people are rooting for us and praying for us all around the world. And you know what? No matter what, we will see you here tomorrow.