
All right you guys, it's here. The last episode before I go on maternity leave, I'm fortunately being joined by Ian Carroll a lot I feel like happened over the weekend. I don't know, Blake Lively trying to grift off of her mom's trauma. Ian did a great video speaking about what's going on with Justin Bieber and the Hollywood Wars. Of course, obviously there's been a lot of blowback to, just to Jordan Peterson over everything that he has said about psychopaths, which just means everyone who disagrees with me is one. So we're gonna jump right into it. Welcome back to Candace Ian Carol, welcome back.


Good to be back. Good to see you. People Are excited that you're gonna be taking over for me. Yeah, It's really humbling and I'm really glad I'm, I'm proud to be doing it and I've actually really excited about the stories that I'm kind of working on right now to get ready for it. Yeah, you're like also like me, where you just get on a rabbit hole and just start researching and you're suddenly everywhere. I was watching a video that you did we, we should, we should talk about this briefly. 'cause I think it's all kind of related to psychology being used on the public, us being socially engineered and we're kind of noticing a lot of things at once. And particularly in Hollywood, it's kind of when somebody tries to get out, then we're suddenly told that they're on drugs and they're crazy. And you did the video on Justin Bieber. So what was your, what is your take there?


I mean, we're still in the middle of whatever's happening to Justin, but it, I mean I really was building off of a lot of things that you had said and a lot of things that Brett had said. And even If you don't have any inside information, just looking at the pattern in Hollywood, the pattern with all these different stars and obviously they take a different tactic with each different star based upon whatever they can exploit or whatever they can sort of smear or slander. Like it was different with Michael than it was with Prince and Brittany and Yay and now Justin, they are attacking what they can attack. And once Justin's close, you know, circle started coming out and telling people what was really going on, it became very apparent that the smear tactics being used to sort of pathologize Justin and to make his fans worried about him and give him this kind of like manufactured crisis.


It's the exact same pattern and I, I mean it looks like the kind of thing that they're doing every time someone threatens them or someone that is very powerful or important or influential, tries to get away from them. And in some ways I think that the Justin one is almost more targeted because it's not, he's not going after the whole industry. It, it really feels like this one is kind of scooter specifically taking personal offense to what's going on here. And Scooter kind of got trapped in the middle of this deal with Hi. So I think that we, it's sort of a case where you have a specific, I don't wanna say mobster, but you know, someone that's sort of feels like A mob. We discuss, discuss a bit about the, the deal with Hib. So Scooter was hemorrhaging his clients scooter's, very well known in the industry for not being, shall we say, the nicest guy to work with or for, you know, he's great if you're working for him and he, and you're making him money and you're making him like fame and success.


But over and over, you know, artists throughout this, his career have left him and said that he's great until he doesn't need you anymore and then you're discarded. And he had lost all of his artists, including like Ariana Grande for example, the Taylor Swift drama. And Justin was like his last big name. And he sold his whole business, Ithaca Holdings to Hive, which is the K-pop company, which is very like the, the Korean mafia of music. And I'm pretty sure that was in 2021 that predates this kind of justice world tour fiasco where Justin's face was paralyzed and Justin, you know, incurred all this debt. So it kind of feels from my perspective that I'm, I'm assuming that Scooter kind of saw the writing on the wall and was trying to move out of this position of managing talent because no more talent was with him and into this executive role.


And he managed that and he sold what he had for a billion dollars to hi. And this company Ethical Holdings was like making less than 200 million a year in revenue, I believe. So it's like they're selling it at this crazy high valuation. And presumably that's because it includes the future perpetual rights to Justin Bieber and his branch. Right. Oh, interesting. Okay. Didn didn't even look at this. And so yeah, so this hi sale, this hi deal is critical because it happens before the Justice World tour. Justin then goes on this crazy more than a year long world tour where he happens to get Covid at the start of it. And then he happens to get an injury that looks an awful lot like a vaccine injury. And his, his wife also had the, yeah, she had a blade, a brain clo Clot.


Exactly. And he winds up with half his face, paralyzed, can't continue. And So I, I'm, I'm not super clear on all the specifics because I don't have any like files or anything. It was just what I was told about the situation. But apparently the tour was booked out on advances, which is not uncommon for the industry as far as I'm aware, but such a big tour. We're talking hundreds of millions at at least tens of millions if not hundreds of millions of dollars advanced. And so when he's partway through this tour and then can't continue, suddenly there's a whole bunch of debt that's been incurred that's not getting paid back. And obviously then Justin goes to his management and it's like, so we have insurance, right? This is no problem, we have insurance for this kind of a thing. And a allegedly, what then was told to him is that, no, you broke your contract so there is no insurance payout here.


You, you actually have to cover this debt. And so Justin's management, whether it was Scooter technically at the helm of this or his other managers that were at the helm of this, that management team managed him in such a way that the most popular pop star, like one of the most popular pop stars in the world got saddled with hundreds of thousands of, or hundreds of millions of dollars worth of debt on a tour that they had mismanaged and that he had had a, like all of these things reflect on the management, right? And how poor their management style is and are things that if Scooter was really a good manager, this would never happen to your artist. 'cause he's supposed to work for the artist, he's supposed to be like the number one manager in the industry. So that all happens in the middle. And Justin is trying to get out and scooter's on the hook for a billion dollars worth of value.


Like he's promised a billion dollars worth of Justin Bieber's future to this Korean company, which he's now on the board of. And, and So I, I feel like scooter's in the Lurch, 'cause suddenly Scooter can't deliver on this billion dollar promise that he's made and Justin's trying to escape from that promise because he hates them all and they're still trying to control him through his other company. And so it's just, it feels to me like everyone is sort of trapped in bad ideas that are sort of leveraged to the hilt in terms of how much money is involved and how many promises are involved. And it all revolves around Justin continuing to produce music, which like anyone who's had a kid or a creative in their life knows that no creative dude like Justin is gonna be producing hit singles if he hates you and you're trying to control his whole life.


And so it feels like we're seeing not only these smear campaigns to try to get him back in line coming from Scooter, but it also feels like we're seeing Justin kind of acting out. 'cause he has no power. He is in secret litigation. They're, they won't let him open a new clothing company. They won't let him like profess his, you know, faith in God or they're slandering that. So it's just, it's messy in every direction. Yeah, It's really interesting because it also makes you just revisit everybody in the past that has kind of gone through a similar thing, a similar cycle and what what's really the tell is just the way that paparazzi suddenly takes a picture of them and they're doing kind of nothing. Yeah. And they're, and then suddenly they're trying to spin a picture of any person. Like If you just have like a resting face, miserable, exhausted on drugs, this, that, and it's like you could take anybody out of context and say this And it, especially someone like Britney Spears, I kind of go back to the breakdown and how they just had the paparazzi hounding her and I wonder if she was similarly trying to take ownership of her life and trying to leave.


Because the reality is, is you, you can't get into these contracts as someone that is that young. Even if your mom says like, yes, thumbs up, we can do this. And suddenly you maybe perhaps wanna re-litigate that when you get older. And from what I heard from, and I'll tell you exactly who it was actually Courtney Love, you know, I actually had some conversations with her and she was saying to me that publishing in Hollywood is just one big gang and they will own all of the publishing rights one way or another. And I go back and I think about what Michael Jackson said. I go back, I think about what Prince said and I'm looking at Justin Bieber and I'm like, is this what this is really about is you are literally not allowed to take anything out of Hollywood with you when you go.


Absolutely. I mean we know full well not a secret that Hollywood and especially the music industry was founded by the mob and the mafia and the, the music industry specifically. You can like look into the exact mobsters that are famous for having been the sort of founders of this model. And then you can look at the history of the industry and see how they've always treated their artists this way and they've always embezzled money in these ways and laundered money in these ways. And there's no, there's no evidence that it ever stopped. But there is evidence that the same tactics are still being used. Right. And to the paparazzi thing, Justin just posted, he's been doing it more and more, but he just posted on his Instagram a couple days ago a video of himself trying to walk out of his place with Hailey and the paparazzi the way they are there.


And I can't help but suspect like is that kind of paparazzi attention always around every star or is it only there when someone wants to smear you? Yeah and they Said, they said the and then they put pressure on you. Exactly. And that my PR person said that. He was like, nobody does p paparazzi anymore. He's like, it's just a different era. People have cell phones and he's like, And so when you see that it is because somebody is calling and paying someone. Exactly. That's not paparazzi. That's just stalking someone it harassment, trying to drive them crazy and Yeah and pretending it's 'cause they're famous. I think we have the video actually of, of what he posted onto his Instagram. Justin Bieber, What's up? And she's trying to leave your house here.


Yeah. And Haley's right behind him. You can see her in just a second. Watch out guys, watch out, watch out. He's crazy. Look at these guys man. And If you look at these dude's faces, they don't look like creatives. They don't really look like the kind of people you'd expect to be paparazzi, photographers. Very harassing. Yeah. The Idea is really just to drive people crazy 'cause they can't get a moment of privacy to make them have that breakdown. It's interesting 'cause we are actually, I've got all these books that obviously I'm planning to read for my book club and the one that I'm really excited about, we're reading Hollywood Babylons, we're talking about that crazy people need to book Need to know, if anyone's not in the book club, you should join. That book is crazy. It's crazy about the founding of Hollywood, the gangs, the amount of people that they killed, the amount of people that died.


And the fact that the media at State tries to like debunk this book is incredible because it tells you like the media has always you learn in this book, the media has always been a part of this organ, this gang organ, which we're obviously all very much aware of. But the next book we're reading and this kind of pivots and and gets into, 'cause we're seeing it in politics as well. It's like this classification of a person as crazy if they don't get in line. It happened to me last year. It's like I went from totally just being an amazing, oh she's got so much potential. She's amazing to like, no actually she's a suffering postpartum psychosis. And the second book that we're reading is called The Assault on Truth. Fascinating book. And and Skyla, you can bring this up, we spoke about this in book club, but I'm gonna give this also to the public written by this guy named Jeffrey Masson.


Jeffrey Massone was this Harvard graduate psychoanalyst Jewish guy. And I'm telling you he was Jewish 'cause it's, it's relevant because they can't just go, oh he's anti-Semitic. Yeah. And he got his dream job working as an assistant director at the Sigmund Freud Archive Center. So he worked under Sigmund Freud, this is the father of modern psychology. Right. He worked under Anna Freud at the Sigmund Freud Archive Center. And he was next in line to become a director. So Jeffrey said, you know what, I'm gonna learn German So I can read all of these papers that haven't been released to the public. It's an archive center. So they get access to things that we weren't allowed to see. So he learns German, he's reading through Sigmund Freud's work and he suddenly realizes, like for those of you that have never studied psychology who dunno a little bit about Sigmund Freud if you're listening to this.


The relevant portion is he just did a lot of work about children and sex and kept basically like when he first came out he said like, you know, children are being molested by their parents. And then he did a a, a complete 180 and like went back on his seduction theory and was like, actually these kids are attracted to their parents. And this was kind of one of his biggest things that he established. He was very interested in children and sex and he reached through his documents and he said, Sigmund Freud had proof that these children were being molested by their parents. And he hid it and gaslit them and created modern psychology in the psychoanalytic movement to gaslight people and to figure out how you could gaslight people by just diagnosing them when they were telling the truth about something.


So this book, and you can go down to that section Skyler If you want. Yeah. It's wild. I never knew it was in a book I could like Buy and read. Oh yeah. So he then this guy was thinking, once I ring the alarm on this, the entire, like mainstream media is gonna wanna cover the fact that Sigmund Freud was a fraud and he was covering from a bunch for a bunch of parents who are like molesting their children. And it turned out that they all turned on him. He ends up in like a 10 year lawsuit. Whoa. I think And this was recent, the eighties and nineties it Looks like, right? Oh yeah. This guy, this guy is definitely still alive. Wow. Yeah. And so yes, he was supposed to succeed him as the director of the Sigmund Freud archives after his and Anna Freud's deaths. And I wanna see you interview him. This then rings the alarm and starts speaking to Anna and he's like, everyone's gonna be so happy that I'm like ringing the alarm and saying that actually the father of modern psychology is just the father of modern gas lighting.


Yeah. And these kids, he had actual clinical proof that these kids had been molested. Crazy. Okay. And so what ends up happening is the entire mainstream media smears him, libel him. He ends up in a 10 year defamation lawsuit as they try to smear him as like a crazy person. And he's like, I just did everything right. And so to be able to bring this book is so relevant because I always say you gotta go back to the beginning to understand these tactics that they have been employing. Because Sigmund Freud, his family, the Brene's family then becomes the father of modern propaganda. Edward Bernas who did the World War I, the World War II propaganda to make Americans hate Germans to make us eat breakfast. Like I mean tons of things that Edward Bernas did that was his nephew.


And they still, and they also controlled today modern pr like the biggest PR person in the world is like Matthew Freud who's his like great-great-grandfather. And so it's super important. And so when I see these tactics and you get to like, now obviously we should have to talk about like this random report from Jordan Peterson. Yeah. That like everyone disagrees with me as a psychopath. You just go like, okay, we're still, this is what the psychology community actually, that's what he is. He's a professional, a professional psychologist. And when you don't get what you want or the public isn't doing what you want, you're supposed to just call them crazy. Yeah. And it and gaslight them. It's devilishly intelligent. Yeah. It's such a, in, it's such a smart tactic. It's especially in Hollywood, in the music industry.


'cause you have all these people that you have every case to make that they might be crazy. And some of them actually like obviously like when you go through trauma, if you're an Epstein victim or you go through trauma 'cause you're a child star and you were probably molested or drugs or whatever it is, then it's very easy to make the case that they might be crazy. But time after time after time you notice that despite what their mental state might be, the FBI investigated Michael Jackson for 10 years and did not find any evidence of the allegations as one example. Right. And he was very clearly a threat to the music industry. So they keep pathologizing people over and and yeah. He was getting ownership. Exactly. Right. A real that because I watched your video and Michael Jackson was actually getting ownership, owned the Beatles catalog and they just moved and they were like, actually he's a pedophile.


Yeah. And the father of modern psychology taught this. So when you see that someone is majoring in psychology, this is, it's such an important book. 'cause I know that obviously you, you're signing up for the major, I'm not accusing you of of of co-signing this because we don't know the sources of any of these things. We think of Sigmund Freud and we just hear he's great. No, this guy was a professor, fair, professional, fast leader in chief to be, When you, when I first heard about Sigmund Freud's, like his whole theory in I think middle school, it rang some bell. It was like, this is not right. This is weird. Like I've ne the whole Oedipus complex thing, like it just does not pass the sniff test even as a child, as an adult. Nowhere in between does that pass the sniff test if you're anywhere normal at all. Oh yeah.


So it's kind of crazy that they got away with it passing the sniff test for so long that it's taught in like normal mainstream colleges and universities and community colleges and no one's asking any questions about this. That is pretty weird. Yeah. And there's so much more that like about him, like Wilhelm fleece by the way, If you wanna look up this guy Wilhelm Fleece Fleece is spelled F-L-E-I-S-S. This was Sigmund Freud's best friend. And according to this guy, Jeffrey myON, also his lover, you know, and he, he similarly molested his son And so he was seeing all of these people, Wilhelm Fleeces son is Robert Fleece. And Robert Fleece came out and said that he was molested by his father.


So there was an entire psychoanalytic community of disgusting people and they created a social science. 'cause that's what psychology is, it's a social science to see If you could gaslight people about their experiences. So it was the first thing that came to my mind when I was like, is Jordan Beach just trying to gaslight me? And it produced a report and people that were like, he didn't name names, he literally named my name not only in the report for saying Christ is King, which I'm like, you're gonna pretend I became a Christian. My first book was published in 2018 and I wrote about my biblical upbringing with my grandfather and included biblical quotes all throughout. You're not gonna gaslight me about my Christianity. I've declared Crisis King my entire life.


Yeah. But to see that method of someone who doesn't declare crisis king believes in psychology, believes in his own, like No, he doesn't even believe in his own rhetoric. I mean, clean your room Jordan. We've all seen the clip of Jordan's room. Like, you know, raise your kids in a way that's like, I don there, there's, and I mean I don't even want to go into the other things that Jordan like pathologizing you, the healthy Catholic woman that's raising, you know, soon to be four kids versus pathologizing Jordan. It's not an, it's not a comfortable conversation to have. Once you start looking at it, you know, clearly. And it's so backwards that he would try to pathologize you in his shoes. And what's crazy is like a psychopath is Ted Bundy.


Yeah. Like he's Candace Owens says Ted Bundy. Yeah. Can't someone just, Jeffrey Dahmer is a bit of a stretch. Yeah. And it's kind of funny and I don't care and I'm pretty happy about this stuff And it was hilarious. I think that's kind of one of the things, this newer movement now that we have access to information and we kind of know that all of the experts are bs it, we, it, it doesn't make me feel heavy. It makes me feel light. Like we can stop believing in this burden of the idea of the expert. But I wanted to show people this because it's important to see how often they do this where they just call us all psychopaths if we don't do what they want. Skyler, can you, can you bring up the article of Trump supporters being psychopaths? Like what? Female Trump supporters and it's exact same language.


Female Trump supporters exhibit, slightly elevated subclinical psychopathy that he finds. And it goes into, again, the dark triad, the dark Tet triad of traits that they have. Then there's like the science direct one during Covid. I think I put a link in there, let's check this one out here too. Where they COVID-19 prevention behavior is differentially motivated by primary psychopathy, narcissism and vulnerable dark triad traits. Like this is what they do. It's like, If you don't do what we want you to do, we will accuse you of being a psychopath. And it's like, dude, I just wanna see my grandma during Covid and I kind of like Trump. Like is it, am I a psycho? Like I'm not Ted Bundy. Yeah. Or just like, I wanna believe what Anthony Fauci himself said about masks three months ago at the start of Covid.


And now I psychopath. Yeah. I just want to believe what he said about herd immunity three months ago in official statements and then suddenly the opposite. But I'm a psychopath for all that. And, and I think that during Covid we got a certain flavor of getting over trust the experts. And a lot of people woke up to the fact that like these health experts can be controlled. But now the Douglas Murray thing, the Jordan Peterson thing, and everyone that's been in between there, I think it's kind of waking us up to, oh wait, it's like, oh it's, it's all experts. It's not just those ones, it's also those ones and also those ones. And it's not just the ones in the White House or in, you know, that kind of field. It's also the ones that are coming on our podcast. It's also the ones that are going out and doing media appearances.


And it, I think people are starting to wake up to the big picture, not just One. And I think the big picture makes us ask questions about what is university really about? Right? Oh yeah. What is university actually about? And it is a way to just indoctrinate people into these, these various cults of understanding, you know, believing in their own expertise, not even knowing where their expertise like originates from. And that's why I said going backwards and speaking about Hollywood, reading these books, these old books or you know, reading this newer book from Jeffrey Mason where he kind of goes back and he just tells the truth. I just read Sigmund Freud's own pieces of paper and in his own studies and his own journals and his own diaries.


And he still got gaslit and called all of these things and had to fight for his life and his reputation. And I feel blessed, I don't know if this guy, I haven't reached out, but that I can finally give a platform for this man who fought such a noble fight to expose the entire field of psychology. But what, what are we to think of the fact that they knew this? And Sigmund Freud is still celebrated in our universities. Ian, the thing that I think immediately is, If you look at the timing there, it's like 1890s, 19 hundreds kind of like turn of the century, like the Gilded Age. That industrial revolution is peaked and it's, we're talking that's the robber barons, you know, the found the Federal Reserve is about to be founded. Like that's the JP Morgans of this world. That's the, if I'm not mistaken, the Carnegies and the Vanderbilts that is the era of sort of like this peak wealth disparate like disparagement between this upper class, this lower class, but very tight media control.


Like, you know, most people are still illiterate. Most people, there's certainly no, there's not TV or any kind of information dissemination yet. So they existed in a world where you had these extremely wealthy elites doing lord knows what, that they would need people like significant Freud explaining these things. Right? Right. And they're getting on the train where the, the European trend of central banking and funding wars from both sides and stuff was pretty well underway by 1900. But they hadn't yet gotten the Federal Reserve. So we're in this era where the powerful elite of the world, these globalist elites of the world, like they were at the top of their game and about to perform their greatest Cota of all time, which is the Federal Reserve. So I'm just looking at the timing there of when Freud kind of gave them this nugget.


And I'm not surprised that he's protected, I'm not surprised that he got built into all those Ivy League institutions because they had so much power and control at that time. And it was a time when they, like, If you look back in history, some, there's some eras like the Iran Contra era where the deep state clearly fumbled the ball multiple times. But then there's certain eras where the deep state, whatever groups are in there clearly were nailing it. And like the, the 19 hundreds to 19, you know, thirties era is, let's just say they were really on point. They made. And what's interesting is that all of these perverts actually came from the same region. Like their origin stories. And I'm really pointing this out in our Hollywood Babylon reading is like as we keeping, we keep speaking about these founders of Hollywood, the ho the founders of movies, the fa you know, these founders of propaganda, they all came from like the same region in Eastern Europe.


And it was at a time where they were trying to overthrow Christian empires. I mean you and I spoke about this even with like l BJ's family, like L BJ's family. They were the 1845 ERs left, you know, trying to overthrow Germany. It failed, I think it was the 1845 revolution. It might be the 18, 18 48 revolution actually of Germany. It was like all of these communists were trying to overthrow these Christian empires. The Russian SAR gets assassinated and then all of these Eastern European, I would say like, I'm pretty sure Sigmund Freud was g the kingdom of Gia, his family's from, he's a Gian Jew and they come over to America and the kinda the story that we're told is, oh, everyone just came with the clothes in their back and like made it big in Hollywood or made it big in modern psychology.


And I'm like, no, America was a young country. We were very like susceptible to all of these things that like you just said, that we didn't understand. But there is so much more here that meets the eye. And it's only through actually engaging and reading these books that would never become movies, these books that you are not allowed to read that you can truly understand like what's happened in this country. Because we all recognize that something's not right. And a huge piece of this is psychology. What is the modern media? What was MK Ultra? What, why, why did the CIA invest in journalists? It's all about controlling our minds. And they think that all you need is an expert to get up there and tell you something psychopathic or someone's crazy or someone, you know, Britney Spears needs to go on a psych 51 50 hold or Kanye's talking about Christ and he's gotta go on a psych 51 50 hold.


And we need to just be like, no, what was this person trying to say that you have suddenly made me think they were totally fine for 20 years and suddenly like, no Michael Jackson's like wacko Jacko. Yeah. And I mean Hollywood Babylon is a perfect book to highlight that 'cause they don't really focus on where people are from, but they do clearly focus on the moral degradation of America through Hollywood and how those Hollywood executives knew what they were doing and were doing it intentionally. And they were, it was illegal. Like the things that they were publishing were so morally reprehensible to the culture that America used to have that they were illegal and they actually had to like slow walk it over time. And you can see in that book how different American morals and virtue used to be and how it slowly was degraded through movies and music and propaganda psychology.


And now we wind up in this world today where like, like on your Twitter feed is the OnlyFans girl that the two OnlyFans girls, they're having this horrible competition that I don't even wanna talk about. 'cause I hate how people platform them. It's like just in our normal lives all the time. So, but that is what we were speaking about last time, about pornography being a spiritual weapon. And, and this was literally imported over to America. And people need to understand that is like Hollywood introduced these concepts And it was a war with this Christian culture that they wanted to collapse. And I would say probably, you know, by the time you get to the 1960s is when they, they really kind of started proliferating that pattern. And that's why that book Chaos is just amazing because you realize they've always been into these weird sex cults.


Even Hollywood Babylon telling you that these directors who came from Germany would protect the sets and like make them have these sexual orgies as they were creating films about Babylon, about, you know, e Egypt. And so there is sort of this underbelly of a demonic religion is really what I took away from this book because, and and we talk about this in my book club a lot, but what did they believe in? What are you actually, what, what are these people? This is, these aren't Abrahamic faiths. No this is not Judaism. This is not, I mean they speak Clearly about their hate for Christianity Yes. And their disdain for Christianity. Right. And a lot of those communist revolutionaries in that 1900 era were explicit that their goal was to overthrow Christian religion and Christian nations.


So, And it was successful. I mean absolutely the most assassinations of like the King of Italy. I think it was Umberto the first, he, the person who assassinated him was motivated by Emma Goldman. I was speaking to you about her. Yeah. That woman Whoa rabbit hole. That that whole rabbit hole that flies under the radar that introduced feminism to America. Yeah. By like controlling Margaret Sanger. Everything that we know about our history is totally fake. And it really does make you wonder if we are living in the matrix, like when you see this stuff, you're like, wait, it is totally plausible. Nothing is real. The media's not real. You know, Emmanuel Macron being president isn't real for real. They can just Pull People up real pluck them, make them leaders, give them degrees.


Yeah. And make you think these people are experts and your entire life is being guided by them. And I'm like, I think we're living in like the matrix, like this is totally reality is not what it actually is, but people seem to be like waking up now suddenly. Yeah. It's like this is the kind of report, like these types of stories are the ones that do make me genuine. Genuinely question, is there some sort of illuminati conspiracy going on here? Because a lot of days it's easy for me to fall back into the like kind of mundane conspiracies of like, yeah, that corporation is conspiring with that one and that that billionaire is conspiring and that one thing and all that does happen. But when you look at these bigger pictures, like the gender ideology stuff, communism stuff, you know, the control of Hollywood and the music industry, those are the places where it does really like, there is actual evidence, not just, it's not just hair-brained theories.


It's like evidence. And when you look at it happening over and over and over again across many generations of musicians, many generations of music stars or sorry movie stars, it that, that is not the kind of thing that is evidence of one little conspiracy or group that is the evidence of a large control mechanism somehow operate like a, a cult or a mob or Yeah. Both Secret society like Yeah. Call it what you want. Yeah. It's, it's one of those things when I, before I got baptized Catholic, I just remember that one of the priests said that to me in English. He was like a very ornery English priest. And he was like, you, he literally said to me like, you Americans know nothing about your own history. You know, like every America was founded by Freemasons.


And I was just like, Hmm. And I'm still reading you. That's a fact. I'm still reading and I, I don't know, there's actually a book that I'm reading right now that I can't wait to get like to finish. It's, it's called The Secret Founding of America Already. My mind is blown. Like everything we even know about the Mayflower, it's, we are just one big movie that we have been watching. And If you don't do d due diligence by yourself and you have the public education system and you, the worst part is you think you're educated. So If you got all A's you take pride in the fact that you got a degree, and that's the problem with all of these degrees is that it, it sort of artificially inflates your ego. It's like one of the first lines of attack is like, you don't, you don't even have a degree or you don't even have, you know, he doesn't know anything.


He's not an expert. And the reason for that is because they, they, they have to keep people in that artificial bubble of thinking that their degree means something. Because what the degree actually means is that you have completed a course in your own miseducation. Yeah. And it not only is your own mis education and we made you pay for it, how, like how completely crazy Is that go into debt for it. Going into debt is different than paying for it. Create fake money that didn't exist before that you don't have that you're gonna be paying off for them over the next 20 years, the rest of your life. Whatever. It's, and the psychology, you're gonna be a failure absolutely. If you don't go to college, If you don't go to college and learn about feminism and this and that, But they will repackage your debt and collateralize it and then make money off it four ways till Sunday while you work to pay it off.


Right. You're already enslaved I think before you're enslaved economically before you even get into the real world. Yeah. I'm gonna just read a couple of ads.


First and foremost throwing it to pre-born. You guys know how much I love pre-born. We live in a culture that tells women that motherhood is a burden that choosing life is the end of their freedom. Well that's a lie. PreBorn is the nation's largest pro-life organization that stands for truth. They believe that women deserve better than abortion and they're proving it every single day through free ultrasounds and compassionate care for up to two years after the baby is born. PreBorn is helping women see their strength, their value, and their future. And when a woman sees her baby on an ultrasound, she's twice as likely to choose life. Not because someone forced her to, but because she saw the truth for herself. This is about empowering women to make informed decisions and showing them they're not alone to give just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you missed the April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement every day. You wait only makes things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens files daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels that we have not seen in years. Increased administrative scrutiny means collections are moving fast. The good news is that there is still time for tax network USA to help you self-employed or a business owner doesn't matter, even if your books are a mess, they have got you covered Tax Network. USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It is not too late to regain control. Your consultation will be completely free and acting now could stop penalties the threatening letters and all the surprises before they escalate. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Like I said, you may have missed April 15th, but you have not run out of options. So let's tax network us a help before the IRS makes their next move. 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


I feel like we're already in a lot of trouble, so that's great. We'll just keep going because you know, just keep talking about all things that we're not allowed to talk about. And I, one of the things that drives me crazy is when they take out these clips out of context and even when they write the articles, they're like, Candace Owens says Sigmund. I'm like, Sigmund Freud protected pedophiles. I'm like, I didn't say that. Like the director of the Sigmund Freud Archive Center said this who worked under Anna Freud and read his work. And even just that little piece of removing something, it tries to make us all sound like we're crazy. Bingo. Why do they do this? Because they need people not to get to the source, not to get to the truth. But it's not working right now. It's not. And it's the only thing they really seem to have in their arsenal is either censorship shut it all down or try to play on that sort of brain barrier they've built into everyone.


They've educated in terms of like, you can't listen to that person. They're at K don't listen to Candace, she's a psycho. But the problem is that they only have to hear you once in your original form and toward like, they just have to hear more than 15 seconds. And then suddenly the next 10 seconds they go, wait a minute. She, you didn't share that other part that she said where she gave the source. Right. And ironically, often people in our shoes are so much better about sharing our sources because it matters to us. A because we care 'cause it's the right thing to do. But B, because our livelihoods are on the line. And If you don't share your sources, you're, you're in big trouble. Whereas the mainstream media rarely shares their sources. And often when they do, like Politico is famous, my favorite thing about Politico is they'll share their sources and it'll be a link to other political articles and you'll just go in little politico circles around from article to article without any actual primary sources anywhere.


It's all fluff. That's what I say. It's just all fluff. It's all made up words. It's one big circle jerk. It's all them just saying, we're the experts and we've just said this, it's what do you have to do? You just have to make a report and say, I'm a doctor and I have a PhD. And so I'm saying if this person's Ted Bundy and, and the thing that really bothered me, like I about the, the psychopath classification is I'm going, wait a second, that indicates that I have vi like I have violent tendencies. Like what have I done in my life? For you to be able to just go out there and be like, you know what, I'm just gonna call this person violent. You know, this person could potentially rise to violence because she's declaring that Christ is king. Completely nutty. But something that I really loved was, I really loved Tim Pool's response to this and why I loved it is 'cause Tim Pool's like, you know the guy in the beanie right?


Yeah. Who's running a podcast with like a skateboard studio and he just sees cuts right through Yeah. The, the Jordan Peterson BS of pretending that we're all too stupid to recognize what you're doing with now trying to diagnose people who simply disagree with you, who have a different perspective than you. So let's just show that Tim Pool clips. I thought that was actually pretty awesome. The problem is that four to 5% of the population, something like that is cluster B. That's the DSM five terms. Histrionic narcissistic, antisocial, psychopathic. Or they have and they have dark tetrad traits. They're Machiavellian.


Oh I'm sorry. Dark tetrad. I said triad. I was wrong. Mystic. That's about 4%. Okay. So the question is, how do these people maneuver? And the answer is they go to where the power is and they adopt those ideas and they put themselves even on the forefront of that. Right. But the ideas are completely irrelevant. Right. All they're doing is they're the pharisees, they're the modern version of the Pharisees. They're the people who use God's name in vain. Right. Okay, Let's pause real quick 'cause that's, that's him basically saying Candace Owens. Okay, so I've got the tweet from, lemme see if I can pull it up here. Right. Here you go. Jordan Peterson tweeted Candace Owens is a true Ferris cycle pretender. She vociferously proclaims her devotion to Christ for no other reason.


That to evaluate a perceived status. Her outage is designed not to shout the truth from the rooftops, build bridges or make peace, but to subvert Christianity itself with its new force to her own purposes. She's literally using God's name in vain. There are few more unforgivable sins. Jordan Peterson says, woe to you scribes and Pharisees, you hypocrites, you are like whitewashed tombs to appear beautiful on the outside, but inside are full of dead men's bones and every kind of film. Whoa, Yo. Okay. Oh boy. This is some kind of like inter factional beef. Not when, when Jordan mentions the cluster B dark te tread individuals they go to where power is.


That's the corporate press right now. That's what all of that was. The reason why they're marching in lockstep, the reason they're lying is because they're not there to seek truth. They're there to seek power and influence. I work for some of these organizations. The reason people get jobs there is because they want the platform to get followers. They wanna be famous. They don't, they, they tell you things like, I always wanted to be a muckraker like Nelly Bly. I wanted to be like her. You're like, oh. So you're looking for vanity and attention. Okay, that's a bit unfair. If you wanna emulate good behaviors, that's fine. But typically for a lot of these people, they're not saying they wanted to do the good work. They're saying they wanted that position and reverence that came with it. Yes. They proclaim moral virtue.


Yes. Doesn't matter whether it's right or left or Christian or Jewish or Islam. They invade the idea space and then they use that, those ideas as false weapons to advance their narcissistic advantage. Yes. And so then you have the problem and the right's gonna face this more and more particularly 'cause the left had to face it when they were in powers. Yes. How do you identify the psychopathic parasites? 4% of the population who are clothed in your clothing, not naming any names legs on your Clothes, but you are No, they only just call Candace Owens a psychopathic parasite. Come on. Look, I tweeted, I tweeted it through his clip saying at dark Peter like, who are you referring to?


He called Candace Owens. A pharisee, a sy cycle pretender in the Lord, names in vain. He then does this segment, this bit. They've got this document he put out, yo, he's literally calling her a psycho psychopathic parasite. It's just like timple just like read on his rights like right away. Yeah. It's like, dude, who whatcha doing? Like just have the courage at least to just at me and call me A-B-I-T-C-H. I can deal with that. I'm a big girl. Yeah. But like trying to dress it up in a report and use your like psychology degree to do it all because you're upset. Because it it, like, I must have been working on this since I was a kid because like I said, my first book just recounts the entire story of how my grandfather insisted on us doing biblical study every morning at breakfast and how committed to his faith he was.


And So I must have been like so committed to this game that I started it when I was seven years old with my granddad. That's why you're so good at it really is because I mean, in order to be a real, what is it, SIA pretender parasite, you know, you gotta get him started young. And I just love how he uses so much jargony, jargony, baloney to say, you know, essentially what like, like I'm not saying that Jordan is doing that, but he, he sure is getting close to the sun where we're having discussions with sources about what we're seeing in the news the way that our, like journalists are supposed to do. And now we have a psychologist weaseling his way in there to get into the discussion and say, oh, stop talking.


Like you're psycho. You're psycho, you're a parasite. Shut it down. I have big words. It's like, okay bro, you're not a part of this discussion. 'cause we're talking about stuff over here with sources. Do you wanna talk about the facts? Do you wanna call us a liar? Like do you want to, do you want to discuss the evidence that we're talking about or just call everybody names? And I'm by the way, and that's the thing, he's too above us to just be like, you know what? She pissed me off. Take off your hoops and just say some mean stuff to me. I can deal with that. Like, that's totally fine. Just don't dress this up. Like you're above an ad hominin attack and you've like thought about this clinically and psychologically, like it's just a different time. You know what I'm saying? Like it's just a different time. Like the Gen Zers are not gonna go for this. The millennials, everybody's waking up and we're just, we can smell it as soon as you drop it.


Like that's why I love Tim Pool just destroying this in a beanie like, bro, we saw your tweet like two weeks ago. Now you're on a tour saying the same thing and but the only thing that Tim Pool gets wrong is he like, I don't know if this is some factional beef. It's not. Yeah. There isn't any factional beef. I have No, I Jordan I've never heard Jordan, you're watching, you can come sit in this chair. Yeah, I I I think it really just goes down to me being able to see through it, you know, and I think that when people feel seen and people can, oh, she just called me out for kind of like not living according to how I tell people to live. It kind of makes people go into a bit of a spiral. But I don't have any beef. I want Jordan Peterson to be the person that he writes about in his book.


I want him to be an example to young men. We need more examples to young men. It's not personal for me. It's just not personal for me. And I think that a lot of these people that are, you know, continuing this gaslighting campaign, both the ones in front of the screen and probably the ones behind the screen, I think a lot of them are probably older people. And I think a lot of them don't understand a, the exact power of the way social media really does spread. And the way that people really do. Like, I don't think they realize how much better the audience of young people is at reading comments And it checking the like ratios And it checking the reposts And it like getting the whole side of the story. I don't think they realize how much they're failing at this because they actually don't know how to use the medium anywhere near as well as the audience does.


And so they're just continually blundering and blundering and blundering and Douglas Murray and Jordan Peterson murder's two examples. But they are stark examples of these sort of like, kind of dinosaur neocons trying these outdated tactics that really just make you look better. I know. Thank you. I was like, I'm like, I'm not clothing anything. I can barely fit anything right now do this week I'm doing four days. I'm not trying to wear anybody else's clothes. Okay. And For like, how much of a ride you've been on and how big you've blown up, you're like one of the least narcissistic people in this entire industry. And I've met a lot of people in this industry by now and you know, a lot of 'em are great, but there are some narcissists in this industry. You're definitely not one of them. You're super chill. I'm just like, I just genuinely just wanna have fun and talk about ideas with people on the internet. Yeah. And I, I feel so remarkably blessed.


You know, I have a husband that loves me. I have children that I'm literally obsessed with. I think they're just like the most adorable people in the world. And I want people to find that happiness. And I, I really do think that it only comes from not looking to the external world for approval. You know what I mean? Like, like actually knowing that I have things that can't be taken away from me. And to lay your head in the pillow every night, you know that you're just telling the truth and If you get it wrong, but you have the humility to go back and I seen you do this and I do this and I go, you know what? I said this and that was actually not right. So I wanna update that and I'm just so happy that we're moving into that energy that like the mainstream media is failing, the experts are failing and people are angry about Ian Carroll. Like I love when I watch people go on like an Ian Carroll angry spiral.


'cause I'm like, he's so happy and he doesn't care about this. He's gonna keep making videos. You're literally being triggered by a guy whose TikTok says Yeah, not an expert, but interested. Like you're interested. Yeah. And people appreciate that, Just trying to learn stuff and have fun and yeah, like Douglas Murray calling, like trying to pose to Joe that I was an expert. My literal Twitter bio says, not an expert in anything but sarcasm and you're so right that I'm, it's, it's water off your back. And you said something really important that I I want to highlight is that when you have like love in your human relationships in your real life with real connections, with real people that fill you up every day.


The internet is just, you know, a game that you play on your phone And it does not matter. And I think that unfortunately America is so full of people without love in their immediate life, without real connections, without marriages that are happy, without parental relationships, that are happy that a lot of people actually are missing real human connection. And so the internet becomes this stand-in for human connection, but the internet is especially X is made to feed off of hatred and anger and arguments and the, and the algorithms really good at feeding you angry arguments too. Yeah. And so, so many people get turned into rage bots when they really are a good person in their own heart. They just don't have anything filling their heart up Yeah. To help them stay in that energy. And it's sad And that's why I think people need God. I really do.


Percent I think people need God and it's like you just need to fill yourself spiritually with something else. But like I said, it's, it's been a really nice pivot. I am trying to make predictions for Hollywood because you and I were kind of saying before we went live that there's so many pieces that are coming together at the exact same time and it's beautiful because it is bringing together the left and the right. Yeah. Which we never thought was gonna happen. Ever. And that's why I had been obsessed. And I know you don't know much about it with this Blake Lively case, but what is at its core is really kind of the end of Hollywood. It's realizing that the people that we put up on these platforms are not good people. That these are the people that are egotistical and maniacal and just wanna get their way and care so much about that positive feedback from the audience they're willing to do or say anything.


And you, If you probably know just a little bits about the Blake Lively case, but I followed a little bit. Yeah. It was a publishing thing by the way. It's like just, just wanted to destroy this guy, Justin Baldoni to take his movie. Anyways, she's been doing press for her next movie, which is a simple favor too. And because we got to watch and what was so unique about this case was we had a woman who made an allegation being Blake. And If you read it, it sounds horrific, what she says was done to her on set. You look at Justin Baldoni and you go, he must be like basically close to being a rapist. Like If you just read her complaint, then they dropped the footage of the moment. That's what that is. What is so unbelievable, Ian, is they, we got to actually watch her quote unquote harass sexual harassment.


And it, it was just the exact opposite of what she said happened. And that is what has outraged people. It's because the New York Times gave us a vision. She gave us a vision and then we got to see the thing and people were very frustrated. So she recently appears at this gala and over the weekends, 'cause she got honored by Time Gala for being a wonderful person for donating to Black Lives Matter in 2019. It makes no sense, but a very good pr. Hey, city's gotta burn Canda spend money. City's gotta burn. And so how she tries to get out of this PR is she brings her mom to this time gala to, and she gives a speech about how her mom was like sexually assaulted or raped.


Like it was just gonna grit up somebody else's incident. And I just wanna play a little bit of her speech because I just didn't even know what to make of this PR move of like, okay, I maybe got caught making stuff up. But let me tell you about what my mom lives through in the eighties. Take a listen to this. My mom never got justice from her work acquaintance who attempted to take her life when she was the mother of three young kids years before I was born. She has always credited her beating heart today with the story she heard from another woman in a similar circumstance, speaking on the radio. As my mom drove home one day, ETI entirely unaware of the future ahead in which she would call upon this critical moment to save her own life.


The woman painfully and graphically shared how she escaped. And because of hearing that woman speak to her experience instead of shutting down in fear and unfair shame, my mom is alive today. She was saved by a woman whose name she'll never know. I am alive and standing here with you all today being honored because of a woman whose name I'll never know. I am here. And my mom is here because that woman not only survived, but she told others how, Ian, your thoughts, this is just a PR move I've never seen. It's like I got caught with my pants down lying.


And so I'm just gonna kind of drift off of and like, you know it, I have obviously like if that happened to her mother, that's terrible. It's awful. Yeah, I'm glad her mother survived it. But this is the pr move to Maybe the wrong strategy. If you get caught being a like fake rape accuser, essentially maybe don't go grifting off of other rape situations so quickly ETT just is like, you know what? I got caught with this fake news in this subway sandwich. But let tell you about my great uncle, He was the victim of racism. He actually, lemme just hold his hand right here. And I'm only here today to be the fake victim of racism because my unc, my great grand pappy was really a victim of racist. That's so bizarre.


It's Bizarre. It's a bizarre PR move to be like, I'm just gonna grip off of somebody who actually did survive something because I got caught with the subway sandwich and the noose in the Arctic Chicago weather. And my name's Jesse Smollett, but I know people who actually did get lynched or see I do have black friends, I do have black friends. It feels like that. It feels like I have black friends kind of a moment here. Yeah. And I just couldn't believe it. I'm like, this is what I mean. They don't get that the public is not going for this. Like the public can just see through this. Again, nothing personal against her mother. Yeah. Like I'm sure her mother lived through all that and like that, but it's just What Well, it's also like from a technical standpoint, it was kind of a confusing telling of a story because if I heard her right, it was that her mom had heard an account of a survivor and then during an abuse situation, her mom was in that other accounting had inspired her mom to be, it was a, it was a confusing story a little bit.


And so from like a storyteller's perspective as a, you know, as we are people that communicate for a living, I, I was a little lost on what actually the story was and what the, the gala was not about. Was the gala about rape at all? The Nope. The gala she was being honored for giving money to this was the also weird and confusing for giving money to BLM when she gave it really as a hostage because people were mad at her 'cause she got married on a plantation awkward in every direction. And so the issue, she gave money to BBL m and the woman was like, we're honoring her for time now. And then she brought her mom and spoke. I I mean the entire thing is just the public is stupid. We're gonna get outta this one. Don't worry. And you're not like, let me tell you guys, I don't care who you are.


Just tell the truth. We are very clearly in the age of just tell the effing truth. Okay? Yeah. We we'll take it. Whatever it is. Even, I swear this could have been done months ago. All she had to do is be like, you know what? I was just, I was tripping. I want Blake just be like, I was tripping. Yep. And I'd be like, I respect that. You know what I mean? Exactly. Respect that. Exactly. I was getting, you know, women, we get a little cray cray. I mean, Brie Mccr would've done well to do the exact same thing. Listen, Janice, I'm sorry I was tripping. I know. I kind of like married my nephew allegedly, but I was, that would still have been a better move than what they did. I was tripping. I don't even know why I married my nephew like that.


And I'd be like, it's, you know, I'm glad you were at least here. Whoopsy, daisies. This is So funny. Yeah.


Okay, I have a couple more sponsors that I wanted to throw it to. American Financing. You Guys interest rates have dropped And it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills, eggs, coffee, and many are reaching for the credit cards to pay for this. If you're a homeowner, interest rates have fallen into the fives. It's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. And If you're carrying a balance every month, you're stuck in an endless cycle. So break free today, call American Financing and see how much you could be saving. And If you start now, you may even delay the next two mortgage payments. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing dot net slash owens.


Also Seven Weeks Coffee. You already drink coffee, you might as well do some good. It's America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement. One cup of coffee at a time. They're called Seven Weeks Coffee because it's seven weeks. A baby is the size of a coffee bean and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. And that's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They have raised over $800,000 for these centers and they've saved thousands of lives. And I'm gonna tell you about the coffee because it's great mold-free, pesticide-free shade grown low acid, and it's organically farmed so it checks all the BO boxes right now, If you subscribe a Seven Weeks Coffee, you're gonna get a free two pack of their new single serve brew bags to take your coffee wherever life takes you, whether you're traveling, working, adventuring, you can easily enjoy a rich, flavorful cup of coffee by adding hot water and just letting the to go bag steep for a few minutes. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save 15% forever when you subscribe. Plus exclusively for my listeners, If you use Code CANDACE, you'll get an extra 10% off your first order. That's 25% total savings on your first order. So visit Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace today.


Okay, Ian, we have to tell them now we're already up to an hour, which is crazy. I can talk to you forever. People wanna know what the schedule is gonna be when you're gonna be taking over for me. They wanna know when I'm having this baby, when I'm gonna be back. Guys, these babies. Babies' already here. Oh, you didn't hear? They just, yeah, he's right here. He's right here. You Didn't tell them Candace guys Babies decide when they're gonna come. I have no control over this. I'm not scheduling an induction. I'm just gonna let this little dude decide what he wants to do, but, and hopefully my, it's an easy birth And so I'll be back whenever. But Ian, they wanna know your schedule, what days you're gonna be covering and like any, anything you can tell us about the topics. Yeah, I don to You're not allowed to, To swear I al Oh, I can I pull it off? There's swearing. I I Used to, I used to teach. Remember I'm being, I'm being a fake Christian so, you know. Yeah. My psychopathic Christian Error.


Don't I can a fake Christian too. Ka if I can do it. I mean, my fake earpiece is falling out so I'm a, I'm like, I need to pull out my calendar to make sure I get the dates right here. I think it's May 12th is when you start. Yeah, May 12th is the first day I'll be here. And you say, Did you say 10 Skyler? Yeah. Yeah. May 12th is that Monday? And then we'll probably, we'll probably doing three episodes a week and if, if I'm really crushing it and keeping up. 'cause you work hard. You guys put out a lot of shows and I mean, it takes a lot of research and such. So if we're crushing three days a week, we might move up to four, but, you know, you set a high bar And so then I'll be here until you need me to be here. Right. And I've got a few other things. I might just like it so much. I keep 'em here forever. It's, It's pretty sweet. Welcome, welcome. And yeah, it's pretty sweet to your team is awesome. But yeah, I'm scheduled to be here for up to eight weeks, give or take.


And you know, if something goes crazy, I'll be here until you need me. And if you're ready to come back early, then you'll come back early. And if he has like a super exciting topic, I'm gonna jump in. Obviously for random stuff I was telling him even I'm beginning to look into like the Idaho four Brian Berger stuff. So I he in dangerous combination. I see why they hate us. I actually totally empathetic about, you know, I'm like, you know what, we are just so Ing it. It's being on the lying team. Yeah. Yeah. It's rough being on team lies. Exactly. They're Lying a hard job And they hate us for telling the truth, but I'm definitely gonna pop in occasionally I'll be keeping up the book club. So don't worry about any of that. Guys, I'm gonna get to some of your questions and comments that you guys are rolling in before we get out of here. Brittany Douglas writes, happy early birthday, Candace.


That's right. Tomorrow is my birth, my, my birthday. I'm hoping it's also my birthday, so let's hope that this little guy just makes an appearance tomorrow on my birthday, I I will be turning 36 years old and this person writes 89 babies are the best. That is true, but not Taylor Swift. Until we see our text messages, we cannot confirm if 1989 babies are the best. Ian ocha Achi. I love this. Okay. Writes the question is, what will we do if Justin suddenly dies? Man, you just went there. Uch, Chicha just went there. Yeah, I was trying not to get that dark in my episode About it. Let's, we're like happy and light. No, we, we just, they need exposure. And To be fair, I think that now that we're all reporting on it, I, I don't think they can go there.


No. Like there is a certain element where as media figures, we can run protection for these people and we do and we should. That would be pretty obvious. Harley, don't Harley Pastor Nick, if you're watching, we're not buying the bathtub story. Okay. Maybe don't send him away to la la Land. It's all No la la land. Okay. Or it's not going down. Harley. Harley. So chill out. Sarah writes Candace, tell them about the Netflix Freud connection. Sarah's in the book club also. The Freud family started Netflix. Whoa. Yeah. Crazy. I'll get you the guy's name actually gonna look that Up. Whoa. Talk about mind control. Holy Moly. Yeah, so it's, it's all modern media and it's been the same family for Oh, he's already pulled it up.


My producer's so much faster than me. So embarrassing. Mark Bernas Randolph. Yeah. The, the, he's the co-founder and the first CEO of Netflix and he is from the Freud family. So see there it says, one of Randolph's paternal great-grand uncles was psycho analysis Pioneer Sigmund Freud. Another you can learn A lot in the early life section. Yeah. Edward and Edward Burnes. That's wild. Was his great uncle. And so these are, that's what I'm trying to tell you. It's like they've been in control forever. And so when you see these, you know, Netflix is doing a deep dive on something, you really gotta ask yourself, oh well are you guys gonna do a special on Sigman Freud, we're gonna go there. They've got a lot of power media. They've always had power media and they've had power in, in terms of shaping our minds. Sarah, love you from the book club.


Bloop. That's a great name too. Writes Candace. Oh, Candace's election is today. It's actually Canada Candace's Election. Narcissistic. Probably a psychopath. Oh, what are you gonna do? The dark triad just became me and I just said that I was being elected. It wasn't me. It's hard to keep the act up all the time. Time Candace, sorry. Canada's election, the Freudian slip Canada's election is today. Please pray for us because of your content, I've started to notice the media push propaganda worldwide. Side note, I'm a black woman who used to hate you and now I love you. I love you too girl. I love you too. Don't worry. It's okay. I say I'm an acquired taste. I get it. I feel like I was even that way for my sisters. I don't think they were sure about me until like I was like eight, you know, Especially early on.


Yeah, yeah. They were really, I mean you were saying it's some uncomfortable truth all along. Yeah, I'm, I'm acquired s writes Candace can't watch as exams are coming from me. Have an amazing leave and hope everything is blessed. I hope, you know, you guys have woken up the masses that people are aware of these world leaders and blind extremist ideologies. Yes. Yeah. I mean talkers going through grocery aisles, which is how Ian started, which is why I really enjoy the conspiracy theories about him. I'm like, guys, no, he's been around, he's just been in grocery aisles. Yeah. I've been looking at all the tampons trying to figure out who owns the tampons and the fruit loops and Yeah. He's been doing work. You need to go back and look through his catalog because it's actually super interesting. I've just banned Red Dyes from my house. I'm getting a little Craig Craig about it. Yeah. Yep.


Oracle writes any thoughts on the death of the Pope during the Passover sacrificial hour? I think there's a lot of deep meaning in a lot of the things that are happening. Change respectfully, obviously, like pray for his soul. I I genuinely just, I am just a shift. There's just vibes are, I just feel like there has just been a, a real shift is what I would say about the Pope passing. Misty writes, all of society is set up to separate us from nature and God, our homes, jobs close and food are all synthetic. Very few jobs are absolutely essential to keep society going. Everything else is entertainment to distract from our God-given life. Yep.


Not only to distract you from your God-given life, but to fill up the hole in your soul that you're no longer God-given, like no longer godly life leaves you with, it's like sell you this like drug or this distraction or this gluttony or whatever it is, you know. Yeah. People really loved when you were speaking about pornography the last time that you were on here. Yeah. If you wanna like reiterate what you were saying about It's an epidemic, like just, it's an epidemic in our culture. And the, the thing about it is that everyone's uncomfortable to talk about it because like 98% of men, I, I don't making up statistics, but like, basically all men are in some way watching it and don't, and like, you know, a huge portion of them are in some way addicted to it and don't want to talk about it.


And it's uncomfortable because like, no one's proud of it, really. And If you are proud of it, maybe you should examine that. And women don't really want to talk like, no, no one's really in a position to bring it up. And so the men on the internet kind of ha like, like someone's gotta bring it up. Right. And, and it's, it's, it's awkward for everyone that should be talking about it. And it's only not awkward for the people that are like in it, that are part of the problem. So I, it's, I think it's just inherently a conversation that we're gonna have to have because now parents are realizing like how ingrained this is in their children's digital space and their media space. And If you don't start talking about it, if we don't start talking about how to protect our kids from it, I don't want to know where our world goes.


Right. It's They're getting everyone addicted to something early. Exactly. And pornography is a big piece of that puzzle because what is pornography to a 10-year-old boy? Yeah. Right. Is is like just watching a woman holding a Gucci bag with her boobs out. Bingo. And it's one of the ones you can get young men addicted to without having to put something like in their mouth or in their body or in their clo like what? It's, you just have to put a billboard up and suddenly, you know, put an advertisement on, put it in their Instagram reel and every single boy is forced to contend with, oh, I can just get free this in my phone infinitely forever. And especially that you, that's a biological need that arise out of your own own hormonal structure. If you don't have a moral and, and like really a religious framework to protect you from that sin, for lack of a better word, that that desire, then you're gonna fall into that trap somehow.


And that it's only in it more effective. We have robots coming, we have AI generation coming. We and, And so And so like, we're in a very disconnected world and that, that just spells disconnection all the way to the max. And it's, it's really tragic. You know, Michael E. Jones who was on the ADL's list for being Adolf Hitler, he was on, he was Adolf Hitler before I was Adolf Hitler. So he's like old school no G for everything. Exactly. But he did a whole book on the origins of pornography, talk a lot about the French Revolution, even where the word sadism comes from. And it's fascinating to learn that and to know that, again, we don't know the origin stories, we just know that it's here. So I don't remember what the name of his book is 'cause I'm very bad with book titles. Libido Doe Yes.


Latin. And it, that is a good place to start as a man, I think. And, and women by the way, women are to porn too. Yeah. But It's just a different kind of temptation. It's a different kind of grappling. Right. And it's, and like men, all men growing up, you have to deal with that in your life. Your kids, your young boys are gonna have to deal with it. And you as a man have to deal with that. You have to figure out, are you going to let this tra like let this thing take part of your sovereignty away from you and part of your masculinity away from you. Or are you gonna realize that it's your responsibility to decide your relationship with it instead of letting it decide its relationship with you. Yeah. And it's just, it's, it's not easy. Like everyone gets it. It's, it's not easy. I mean, just have to start talking about it too.


Like it's not easy and you just gotta try to overcome it. It is one of the weapons that, you know, psychological weapons that have been intentionally afflicted on American society, But as more men deal with that, that will help free young women from thinking that this is what every man wants. Exactly. And it helps free young girls from growing up in a world where they think they have to sell their bodies in order to be high quality. Because nowadays we have this world full of men that don't want to address their side of that equation, but they do want to like, I wanna marry some like trad wife girl that's like perfect and has never had sex with any other men like bro. Are you living up to that standard right now too? Yeah. That's the conversation. None of these, like, you know, manosphere people want to have is like, are you the trad husband that goes with that trad Life? That's such a great, it's such a great thought. I love that.


See, that's just why I'm sad to leave. I can't believe this is my farewell episode. It makes now I'm just sad and crying. You'll be back so long. Farewell Iva do. Last person says, thank God you're looking into the Idaho four case. It has never made any sense. We'll miss you Candace. I know that is gonna be just like moms. We're just, we, you know what? 'cause we were just so shaken by the, this could happen on a college campus and then they gave us like no details and nothing really made sense. They kinda locked it down and somebody involved reached out to me and I'll be looking into that while I am on maternity leave and if I find anything, I'll jump in and I'll get Ian down the rabbit hole, Ian are just gonna be under, we're just gonna be in rabbit holes.


Like we're just gonna be in backyards, like jumping into holes. Shovel. This has been, this podcast is just gonna become like this. Yo, We're gonna make some people mad. Yeah. By The way, Ian, to piss Off some powerful People to link guys. He also, while he's doing this, we will be driving traffic to his YouTube channel because he is just starting his YouTube channel and he does not have nearly as many followers as he should have. So every episode will be linking it. I will also put Ian's YouTube channel in this episode as well. Go support him. Go support independent thinkers. The rumors about him aren't true. He's actually pretty broke. We're not funded by Qatar. I'm trying to be, I would like to do like a Qatari airline commercial or something. I don't know if you're watching, I don't know. I, I get these accusations. Nope, it's none of that's true.


So let's help and support Ian in any capacity. And so check that out on the link and then you guys it. I also wanna remind you, I will be on Minnet, M-I-N-N-E-C-T. If you wanna send me a message, I can answer you. That's something that I'll be doing on maternity leave. Also, the book club is the next way that you can reach me. Obviously we will still be keeping that up. Candace Owens dot com, sign up for the book club. The books are amazing. They will terrify you, but you will also be more well-rounded and I think just impervious to the media because you'll know exactly what it is, which is one big game of demonic psychology. Ian, anything that you would like to add before we are out of here? No, I just really appreciate it and I'm just praying for a healthy birth for you and everything to go smooth and I'll be back here to praying You psychopath.


I know, right? All these Pharisees out here, all these and all y'all. I'll see you guys in a couple weeks. Once I'm done in Austin, I'll come out here and we'll have a good time. So Fun. 42,000 watching live. Thank you guys so much for joining us and we will see you. He will see you on May 12th.