
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. The holidays mean more travel, more shopping, more time online, and more personal info and places that could expose you to identity theft. That's why LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second. If your identity is stolen, their US space restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed. Or your money back. Give more holiday fun and less holiday worry. With LifeLock. Save up to 40% in your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Alright, right guys. Welcome to a special episode of CANDACE. I'm always reading your comments. So many people ask me, can, when are you gonna share your conversion story? Why the Catholic church? How did you get there? You guys are definitely sensing that there has been a change in me over the last year, and there certainly has been a change in me in the last year. And while I'm still not fully there yet and ready to talk about that story, I can tell you for sure that the expression that to become a student of history means to become a Catholic is something that I have taken to heart and that I believe to be real. There are a lot of aspects right now of people recognizing that we are in this spiritual battle. We can't make sense of a lot of the things that are happening here in the West.


Why would people want to implement the sorts of changes that we're seeing? Why does it feel like we're fighting for our children from the state? How did we get into this predicament so quickly? You feel it? I feel it. And we're all searching for answers. And I believe the answer really can be found in the Bible. There's nothing new under the sun. But what really does that mean? A lot of history, I believe, has been hidden. I've been particularly interested in the history of Christianity, the things that we don't learn in our textbooks at school. And it is my belief that it has been is and forever will be a war against Christ.


And so one moment in history that I'd like to speak about a long moment in history is the Soviet Union. We don't learn enough about what happened in the Soviet Union, the, the victims of the Soviet Union, and really what happened to the people that were executing those punishments, those deaths. Today I am so honored to have a conversation with somebody who is well equipped to speak about that time in history. His excellency, Bishop Schneider is here to join me. Welcome to Candace. Thank you Candace. So I am just thrilled to have you. And I guess a perfect place to start would just be, before we get into your background, have you heard, like what I just said about Americans not knowing much about the Soviet Union?


Does that strike you as odd or did you kind of know that the west was in a little bit of a bubble? Yes, I have this sensation. I grew up in the Soviet Union. I know I had the communist school and I passed all the indoctrination of the communist system. And my parents were also persecuted by the, and my grandparents by the communists. And so, and later I was still in high school, we could emigrate from the Soviet Union to western Germany to the western world.


And there slowly discovered such elements of the Soviet dictatorship methods. Even in the western world. It means the a kind of to totalitarianism. So it must be a totalitarian system. So only one way of thinking, and it was imposed in my time in the Soviet Union, by all means of television, of radio, of newspapers, was in the hand of only one thinking.


And when you dare to decline from this line, one, you were suddenly declared by the system Soviet Union as an enemy. So as a dangerous person, even they had said, maybe you have, you are a spy of the western world. You are making conspiracy. Even this, this concept of conspiracy was very much used in my time by the Soviet Union dictators to simply intimidate people and to shut them down in, in the public.


And So I can recognize, especially now in our current time in the western world, a growing increasing elements of a true dictatorship. And not only dictatorship, but totalitarian system and an intolerance by the name of tolerance and freedom. We are now living in the western world to be oppressed, to be declared hate speech or enemies or conspiracy people.


This same concepts, the same methods were used since Lenin, Stalin, and all the time of the Soviet Union. And also kind of sarcastic methods. I mean, in my times Soviet at Union, they're proclaimed always, we are the most freedom. We have the greatest freedom in the world, Soviet Union. And for with gulas it means camps of concentration. And in the same time, they proclaimed all the day we are the freest country in the world.


For example, when Stalin built up the most horrible gulas where my grandfather was also imprisoned, he made, he asked to compose a song which must had to be sung in all schools, universities and workplaces. And this song, well it was beautiful music, but the text was saying, Soviet Union, the communism is such a beautiful place. And I do not know another country where people can breathe so freely full with camp of concentrations.


People leveled and target as enemies, as conspiracy And so on. So therefore, we have to be aware in our day, in our western society and of these existing already methods of Soviet dictatorship, communist dictatorship, which already infiltrated so much our public life, political life, social life in the western countries. You know, when I look back on my public education and I realize that I took years and years of history and I learned nothing. And I realized that within American culture, we have almost a lack of reverence for history.


We pulled down old buildings, we, we put up new ones that are glossy and everything is is quite modern. I realize that this is intentional, that they don't want us to explore true history, to have a reverence for history. Because from knowing the history, you can avoid certain traps in the future. So when I hear you describing the Soviet Union, and it sounds exactly like America today, exactly like the west today, the proclamation of freedom. We've never been more free. We don't wanna be like this other country. And yet I, and not just me, everyone senses this squeeze. We don't actually feel more free. We've actually maybe never felt more restricted.


It scares me and it it makes me want to really elaborate on what happened in Russia. So were, was it your grandparents that were alive when the SAR was assassinated? Yes, they were alive, yes. And what happened, I guess so what happened thereafter? What was that period of time like for your grandmother? Yes. It was a, a a period of anarchy of simply violence on the, on the side of the government.


Arbitrary violence completely. The people were, had no sense of to be protected. And so especially the Stalin started systematic genocide. I would even say in 36, 37, these were the darkest years. And he called the cynically a perch, a cleansing of the Soviet society of enemies or of potential enemies. He declared a must. It could be a potential enemy, simply innocent people.


So the potential enemies of for Stalin were, and then his other Soviet dictators priests because it must be established a society. Therefore priests are the first enemies then in the intelligentsia. Intelligent people. For example, in the gula in Kala, this is was a famous gula in Kazakhstan where I'm now living. And so Sen wrote about Cadillac, also Stalin deported there in the thirties, one of the best scientists from St.


Peterburg in Moscow, imprisoned there, there were two intelligent for the Soviet system. Why? Because they were thinking independently. So when you are thinking independently, you are a dangerous person for a dictator. And So it was, and the others third category were the people who had some wealth or some properties because it contradicts the communist system. And so, and in these two years, Stalin killed more or less 20 million owned people, not foreign people.


And from my grandfather was a victim in this so-called cleansing perch system, simply because he was a Catholic, a believer, he was a German and he had some wealth, some lands, and he was killed when he was a young man, young married man and father of family, 27-year-old. And my grandmother, she remained a widow with 25 with two little children, my par, my father and his brother. And so, but when the system communist system started after the assassination of the Saar family and Lenin, they proclaimed that now, we'll, we will bring the paradise on earth.


Really. I remember this slogans in my school, communism brought paradise on earth. And Lenin, he invented the system of so-called camps of concentration, or they were called gulas later. And now I'm living in Asana in the, in the capital city of Kazakhstan and close to the capital city, there was a special gula, special gula only for women, a female gula, which was called camp of concentration for the wives of the traitors of the homeland.


So simple fact that their husbands were declared enemies or conspiracy people, even if they were not enemies, not conspiracy, simply that they were declared for this fact. The wives were arrested and put in this gula not only wives, the daughters of this man, the sisters of this man, of these so-called enemies of the, of the homeland. And now there is a very impressive museum. People can look these horrors when you observe how these poor, innocent women were tortured, were humiliated.


I think I, several times I visit this museum, I must cry. It is so touching because these are mothers, innocent, they had children and even somewhere pregnant, arrested, and they gave birth in the, in the camp of concentration. And they could not had nothing to, to give food for the children. And so in their eyes, the children were dying and it was horrible. And therefore, I repeat, we must do all what we can with all the forces of good people, of goodwill, Christians and others to make a common alliance against the already existing dictatorship in the western countries.


And the cruel methods of killing people, innocent people first, they're unborn, our unborn citizens already they are citizens, our who are yet not born, but they are living alive. And they were killed in a horrible, systematic, cruel way in the western society. And then also another element, the the destruction of family. This started already the communists, they took away the children from their parents to, to educate them in the new ideology, to brainwash them.


And, And so even Marx and Lenin, Marx Angles and Lenin, they wrote that these SAB established communist system in the Soviet will, which will be established. They predicted it in some way that, but the first step will be the artism to spread and the communist system, the economical economy and political. So, and then they said, this will be not the end.


And angles and marks wrote, our aim will be the last aim of communism will be to destroy completely family. And now we are seeing all is going on the direct destruction of family of marriage. Why the, the communist. The last goal will be because when you dis destroy family, then you have a real society of slaves. The the family is the last bul work against dictatorship and slavery.


When you have an independent healthy family, this is for a dictator, a dictatorial system, a danger. And so destroying family, marriage, it's this is for the dictators, the best method to have an entire society of slaves. And we must do all what we can not to be slaves. I mean, so social and political slaves. And then of course maybe we will speak also of the spiritual slaves. This is the slavery of sin, to be slaves of the devil and of the sin.


If you love matching family pajamas for Christmas as much as I do, you need to check out Holy Pal's Christmas collection this year. I stag them right when they launch because they always sell out so quickly. Holy pals makes beautiful high quality pajamas that celebrate the real reason for the season, the birth of Jesus. They're a great gift idea too. I know so many people that are buying these as gifts for Thanksgiving get togethers, whether it's for your kids, grandkids or your friends. They've got options for the whole family, nightgowns onesies, two piece sets, and even pet bandanas. You can have everyone matching from the newborn to grandma. So don't wait the sellout very fast every year. Head to holy powells.com and use promo code CANDACE for an exclusive discount. Forget Santa, it's time to put Christ back into Christmas. And when you buy these PJs, you're supporting a small family run business, which I love. So go to holy pals.com and use promo code Candace and stock up on the greatest Christmas PJs ever.


You know, I had sort of an unusual journey to the Catholic faith and I went through politics and it's funny to realize all of these stops. I, I did arrive as one of the last destinations, one of the last stops I realized exactly what you're speaking about. I went, oh the left, because I was kind of looking at this, didn't see the big picture, which really, you know, God versus Satan, but I would always say the left, If you really wanna understand the chaos of everything that's going on, what connects at all, it actually isn't chaotic. It's it's methodical and it's an attack on the family. You know, looking at why they're trying to pull parents away from their children.


You're looking at why they're pushing these themes of transgenderism and You know, these kids going through these procedures which would render them unable to produce families into the future. Virtually everything, even climate change, which has become something of its own religion, they encourage these kids, they say, well, you know, the planet's not gonna be here in 10 years, So it would be selfish for you to have a family. And these kids speak about how they're going to be responsible and not have kids when they get older. So I, I see all of those themes and when you revisit it, you look at what happened in Russia and I do believe that, you know, Alexandria Soja Nitin asks this question, what happened to these administrator, these administrators of this great evil?


Where did they go? They had a, a certain blood lust for evil that is difficult to describe and we don't learn about it in America. We have all of these motion pictures making us emotional about different points in history, but they skip over this glaring obvious. And I really do believe, you know, the SVI revolution, it was, it was just a certain kind of evil that was unmatched throughout history. And I wanna talk about the Christ element because this is very important because it was a war on Christians. But before we do, can you just describe some of the things that happened for people that have never heard it? And there are many people who have never heard this, what happened in the Gulag camps?


Yes. Well, the people were their tortured, they were humiliated, they were stripped of their dignity, of human dignity, of fundamental, of human dignity. They had to work real incredible hard work as slaves. And many died there simply out of of, because of these conditions and, and especially in the gulags, they were forbidden. Any religious meetings or acts of to manifest your faith or with others.


And now I tell a story of a lady, a German lady, her name was Tro de in Kazakhstan. She was a beautiful soul during the persecution when there were no priest, priests were in prison, she went secretly to the families and was teaching the catechism to the children and youth. And this was forbidden. It was dangerous. And she was so active that the police arrested her and asked her, you must stop to teach the catechism, otherwise we will put you in the gula.


And she said, no, I cannot stop. I must proclaim, I must give to the children this teaching. And then she was arrested in a horrible gula. But what she did in her, this was a female gula. And in the huge dormitory where they were sleeping, the ladies different confessions and even some were not believing, she managed that the entire dormitory, they had every, every evening prayers, common prayers. And she did it.


And then she was called during the night to interrogated by the secret service to during the day she had to work very hard, work like, like a man exhausted, then she prayed, then she catechized the people there. And then during the night she was spiritually tortured all the night by, by the interrogatories. And what she did, she even wanted to catechize the torturers. And then one day she was called in the night again for this interrogatories, very humiliating.


And suddenly she asked the, the chief officer, oh, and he's the other man, do you know what today is? Today? Hmm, 25th of April. No, today is the feast of the ascension of our Lord into heaven. I explained to you. And she started to categorize them about Christ, his resurrection and ascension and all. And she had such a power of word that they were simply silent. They were in kind of shock. And so she catechized them and then when they're awakened they said, oh, this lady is too dangerous for us.


And then they prefer to free her from the camp of concentration rather than that she will evangelize the others. Such a beautiful example. We had also in, in midst of the horrible situation we had also, God helped his servants and even priests were able to, to celebrate mass secretly. And God got protected them. It's, it's hard to even comprehend this, this sort of bravery, you know, I always think it's quite strange when people think that it's bravery to speak out on a podcast because when you weigh it against the bravery of people who were quite literally putting their lives on the line to stand up for their faith, I, I just think these are stories that need to be told.


Your grandmother was one of these people, you said your grandfather was killed at the age of 27. And your grandmother also took a stand for her faith, didn't she? Yes. My grandmother, Perpetua Schneider, when my grandfather Sebastian was killed with seven 27-year-old, she had first days to hide because the police could also arrest her and take away the children. But she remained in her house and she had a lot of holy pictures on the walls. And then came the police with guns to check the house because she was declared also as an enemy of, because she was the, the wife of an enemy, treasure of the homeland.


And so these policemen came and he saw the holy pictures in icons and gave the order to her to take away these pictures. And she said, no, I will not do this. She said, yes to must do, we are living in a tastes society. And then the policeman went to the wall and wanted to take off the picture himself. And in this moment my grandmother shouted on him and said, you did not put this picture on the wall and you have not the right to take it off. And even so, she was a very timid person all her life.


She never raised her voice. But in this moment, God gave her such a power, even confronting these policemen with the gun and the little children. She had no fear. And so in this moment I think that God intervened this moment, this policeman was like in a shock because at that time never there because it was the time of the terror cleansing all the, and the police were be going and shouting the people in this moment he was the policeman quite of shock and did not speak nothing and silently left the house.


Wow. And so God protected the widow and orphans, but especially those who serve him and who have the courage to witness God, She was willing to die for her faith. Yes. Which I think is something that is just so incredible. And So it leads me to the question, when you would examine this time period, what is it that made them focus on Christians right away? I mean, thousands of priests killed in incredibly graphic ways. You know, they wanted to make sure the public knew that it was not okay to be a Christian. I mean, even if you're an evil dictator, logic would say, okay, if they wanna keep their objects and they wanna keep their cross, I don't care as long as they get into line.


What is it specifically about the faith that was something that this government understood had to be eliminated? Yes. Because the religious signs and the faith, they, the communist dictators, they perceived as a, a danger for them, an obstacle to, for the totalitarianism, ideological, totalitarian. So the communist system was a repeat totalitarian, it must be all the same way of thinking. But when there are other people who are not ates, who are really opposing atheism with their style of life, with professing their faith to have religious science, to wear cross or to have in their houses holy pictures or to build and to worship And so on, it was perceived by the dictators as an obstacle for the achievement of a totalitarian new attest, materialistic society Back to it's Saint Augustine, the city of God versus the city of man.


And there is a particular, If you're trying to enslave mankind, there is a freedom that comes with knowing the Lord. And they, they can't have people experiencing that freedom If you want to turn them all into robots. And so when I see what happened there and this focus on Christianity, and I recognize that we're learning this in the West, barely, they've completely removed the Christian story from this. You almost are not allowed to talk about things that Christians have lived through in the past, particularly Catholics, I would say have lived through in the past. And one of the tools in which they use, it's funny that you brought up the media and the books as this, this Soviet propaganda and the Soviet training, one of the tools that they do use as a, I guess a more modernized technique of torture is the media.


The media still protects the state, protects the state initiatives and doesn't really allow Christians to speak about this. Like there are gonna be tons of Christians hearing this that really don't know much about what happened in, in the Soviet Union and, but they are waking up to the fact, and I am one of these people as well, that the public school system is a problem. And when you trace the history, one of the first things that they did was they got the Bible out of the classroom under the guise of freedom of religion somehow, like the Bible was removed from the classroom. And So I wanna speak more about what your days were like in school under this system. What you learned.


What, what was the new state religion almost so to speak. Yes, I remember very well. First we had to wear signs of the communism, such a red tie or a red scarf and a sign on our five, the sign of the communism. You could not enter the school without this exterior science. And then we had to learn slogans. For example, I remember in my school, Lenin lived, Lenin is alive still, Lenin will live.


It is a religious slogan. And then we had to, to sing a song, I did not see Lenin, but I love him. So they made this brainwashing with little children. And, and then we had even in the school and then also in universities, high school, colleges and universities, a subject to, to learn it was called scientific atheism. So they said atheism is science, scientific, wow, religion, all what is linked with religion.


Religion, especially Catholic, it is anti-scientific, it's not science. Wow. It's not serious. It was a, I mean a rhetorical trick to how do say to to li to almost manipulate, yes manipulate and to present Christianity as something which is against reason against science And so on. But interesting during the Soviet time for the Soviet Soviets, for the communist, the greatest enemy for them was not so much the so-called western world in the, in the Cold War, a so-called at that time, but basically the Catholic church and especially the Vatican because at that time until Vatican two, the popes all boldly resisted communism and even the publicly accused communism and showed the atrocities in all the lies, which the communist system did.


And because the communist system was built on a pillar, which I called simply lie, never lie, this was systematic lie distortion of evidence. And so why? Because they felt that datic and the Holy See the pope is the greatest mortal authority in the world. And if he opposes the lies of communism and will not collaborate with them, he's the greatest enemy and the Catholic church.


And so for example, I have known priests, my parents also simple priests, they were not doing nothing. Politics simply priests visiting secretly the people giving the sacraments, confession And so on. Wedding baptisms in midst of the dangers. And when they were caught and arrested, they were labeled and accused with this formulation secret agent of the Vatican. He was not an agent, but he was accused or activist of anti-Soviet activism.


So a priest who celebrated mass, who gave the sacraments secretly he was accused to be an antia agent and a spy of Thea. Wow. I am going to think for a very long time about what you just said. That they tried to say that atheism was scientific because, and that really sent a chill down my spine because I've been speaking a lot about, on my show, about how I've recognized that modern science is fraudulent and the media did not like this. They really, you know, called me stupid. And, and I said, well you're now having people that just deem themselves experts and all they have to do is say that it's a science.


And people get in line. And I think now the public recognizes that post covid, which became of religion, I mean they, they just would say six feet social distancing and people would get in line, don't see your grandparents, trust it. Even the phrase trust the science, trust the science. There was something about that that felt so demonic to me of you're just saying implicitly, almost as if the science has become this pagan god, and I do believe this, I believe science has become this sort of, it's, it's a form of paganism where there's no logic anymore. It's just somebody deeming themself, an expert. But there's so much that they have been able to accomplish evil, in my view, in western society under the guise of science.


Because what they do is they then teach it to people in school and people then view that as a token of their education. Well I learned that six feet social distancing is right, So it can't be wrong. Well I learned that, You know, I'm, I'm someone that speaks against, You know, the, the vaccine industry really well. I learned in medical school that as soon as the child comes out, there's something wrong with it and they need all these injections. And so to hear that they even manipulated science and tried to say atheism is actually scientific is really something I've never heard of before. That is fascinating. It was very famous and you had to make exam to pass, for example, in university degree to graduate in you had to, to do the exam on scientific essays, otherwise you would not obtain a grade.


Wow. And they, I mean they're doing this even in terms of history and this, this becomes the threat of the education system because I do believe that what we're existing under is So it propaganda when I examine again my own childhood and how I learned things, where everything they do, as long as they say that there's a statistic behind it, even if they can't explain it. Perfect example. Recently a host got in trouble for, it was Tucker Carlson. He was speaking about the dropping of the atom bomb. And I, I'm very, very against it. I agree with Tucker Carlson on this, especially because we dropped it in Nagasaki on praying Catholics.


So maybe I have a Catholic bias there, but you know, they teach in school, if we didn't do that then the war wouldn't have ended, right? And so it's now become this sort of scientific understanding, statistical understanding that more people, way more people would've died if we didn't do this. And people commit to that idea and it becomes a token of their education. And then they court sort of remove themselves from just this basic moral, your you're dropping a bomb on innocent praying Catholics, 300 feet in Nagasaki and they just go, but I learned this in school. So there becomes this danger in really transforming the schools into the church.


Like it's, it's almost like a, a church of sorts. It becomes the the church of education. Yes, exactly. And this is a system, a repeat of lie as the communist system was, and therefore we must, we must again proclaim our right to think independently. So independent thinking is quite now forbidden. There is only one way of thinking and therefore we must again free our children, our society from this system of lie, from this denial of evidence and to, to establish again a society where you can think freely and seriously present the truth of history and of our social life.


Yeah, I mean this gets into really the humanist agenda where I, I examine things through a lens now and I go, okay, what they've done is they've taken the Bible and they've said, let's remove God and elect ourselves the God and sort of re-implement things. Really we're gonna turn the Bible on, its on its head. So it's just gonna be, marriage is bad. Marriage is not between a man and woman. It can be between a man and a monkey. It can be anything that you want. It can be homosexual. Everything that is in the Bible, they have perverted, inverted or converted into something else. And rather than going to mass, we're gonna have kids mass every day. They're gonna go to school every single day and we're going to teach them things like pornography is good and really give in to their pleasures.


There's gonna be no discipline. There's gonna be no concept of discipline. And we're gonna raise them to believe that they are their own authority. And authority is a very important world word when it comes to western society because when I kind of got interested in the Catholic faith, so to speak, I did realize that Americans have been conditioned to protest Protestant, so to speak, to protest the very concept of authority. And this is what's wrong and what's backwards about the Catholic faith. And we do learn this in school. There's the Catholics are a implicit enemy in our textbooks, everything, this was the old world, the dark ages, the, and now we have science and it's modern and we don't need God because we have reason and everything's scientific.


And so do you, I mean, first off, do you know that there is sort of this resistance to the Catholic church, I would say and in the west, particularly in America, but also in in the UK and other places And to what do you attribute that? Well, the first who denied authority was the devil. Well it in the beginning of the holy scripture in the book of Genesis, he questioned, he said to Adam, and if it is true that God commanded you. So he challenged the authority of God. And since then the devil is influencing people with this poison is first poison to challenge and to deny reality.


And then the devil said, you will be like God, this is the most dangerous temptation for all human beings in societies. And this is the battle which is going on since then. But we had an historical, you mentioned that now they are turning to the contrary what the Bible says that mat money is good And so on that they say, mat money is bad, the two sexes are bad. We have to have other possibilities. So we had a historical phenomenon which was called gnosticism gnosis 2000 years ago.


It was intellectual movement or fashion. It was not Christian more or less 2000 years ago in the, in the time of our Lord Jesus Christ. And then they infiltrated to the church in the second century agnostics. And the therefore there was also a kind of Christian gnosis, but the other was pagan. But the, the, the principles were the same. It's to say that the one of the principles of the gnosis, which is now again revived, they said all what is written in the Bible, the Bible is a product of the evil God.


They establish two principles, the evil God and the good God, they're equal from all eternity. This is the so-called metaphysical dualism. And so they said, oh, the Bible is a product of the evil God and all what is in the Bible written, which is good is de facto not good is evil. So the 10 commandments who gave us, they say agnostics the evil God, therefore not to kill is wrong, to kill is good.


Today we are killing all our, almost the planetary genocide of the unborn. It's good. They say it's gnostic. And then they say God created man, male and female. And God saw it was good and agnostics said this is bad that there are two sexes. They, they said already 2000 years ago, this it is evil, that there are two sexes. This is an invention of the evil God. Now we must overcome the di distinction of the sexes. And this was a program of the historical gnosis.


And this one of these principles of diagnosis went very much well take taken of from the free Masonic ideology. They took almost a great part of the principles of the historical gnosis and they recognize it. And so, and then diagnosis, one other principle was that we will, we will achieve, let us say happiness or salvation, you can call it as you want simply through, through thinking.


This means azis in Greek is thinking or knowledge independently of our moral behavior of our moral acts. The exterior acts are not important. You can kill, you can live in adultery And so on. It does not matter. It is sufficient your thinking and your knowledge and a kind of secret authoritarian knowledge where basically then man will establish and they establish what is good and what is evil. So we see this is a perversion which was instilled by the devil of course since the beginning of the temptation of Ed and eve, but manifested historically in the historical gnosis movement 2000 years, then revived again in a great or great extent in the FMAs soic ideology, which we are now witnessing also.


Yes. And that was another element of American history that I was really startled by when I was speaking to a, a, a priest in the UK and he sort of said to me, you Americans just know nothing about history. You know nothing about the battle of the Freemasons for America. And I began there and started of really understanding these Freemason groups and what they were about. And yes, and, and one element that that came from Freemasonry was psychology. Like modern psychology is, and which is to me a tremendous evil today that we're seeing. And they use psychology again, turning it into a science right? Turn this into a science. And this is how you get so many kids who believe that they have authority over their own bodies and they're constantly, you know, put your child into therapy where, where it used to be the role when you had burdens to go to a priest, they now say, oh actually the person you need to go to is a psychologist.


But when you really examine the history of everything that's gone very wrong in our society, there is always a psychologist behind it, you know, teaching kids that pornography is good, right? This was, this was something that was given to us by psychologists, this concept that it's actually good for people to explore their sexuality And so much that has again, another attack on the family unit. Something that so many men are struggling with. And this is one of the things that brought me back to another Catholic teaching when I developed really strong, a really strong understanding that pornography is an evil, yet I learned in school, can you believe this? In school, in America you learn when you are in high school that watching pornography is healthy, this is science, it's healthy to watch a little bit of pornography.


And I look back on that and I just go, what a, a tremendous evil to teach that to children. While at the same time using the media, again another tool to promote pornography, even in its minor forms, like everything is now soft core pornography in the advertisements, it's soft core pornography. When you're reading the news, I mean just the way people dress. Everything has become pornographic and it's intentional and it's evil and it's demonic and it is, it is an attack on the institution of the family. Exactly. Especially pornography is one of the most dangerous spiritual poisons.


So they are giving poison to our children. This is criminal. We have to, we have to state this, the, the authorities, we must protest against this. We must, we must free our children from the poison. Because pornography, it is proven, it is one of the most enslaving factors and, and consequences that really it is addiction and enslaving. You, you become a slave. And there there is no love because only with love you can heal.


Mm, this true love we are created by God for love, for him to love him, the absolute good and love is God. And we are created to love him, to know him and to be with him all eternity. And now here on earth we must learn to love truly the supreme good and love, which is God and who demonstrated his love for us, giving his own life and blood for us, dying on the cross and elevating us to the dignity of children of God, of this nobility.


And so these pornography methods are really churning our children and youth to, to animals, even birth. Even the famous Italian poet, Dante, he made his expression, we are not created to be beasts with these pleasures. Only we are created to have wisdom and virtue. And this gives us, again, our dignity and our happiness. And so we must educate our children to, to virtue because pornography is basically algorithm narcissism.


And these people can never become happy and never, never make the other happy. We are love, we are created to love and to and to be loved and to give love. Only then you are happy. And I repeat again the the political social elites. They simply want to transform our society, our children and youth to slaves. And when you are addicted to pornography or other addictions drugs, And so you are a slave and then you can be manipulated very, very easily.


So we must start an action, a crusade, an action to free our children and youth and our citizens from the slavery worry concretely of pornography and of this satanic agnostic thought of against marriage, against evidence against nature. So we have to restore simply common sense. This is so really a healthy breath, common sense, and this we must restore.


And then of course to bring the true wisdom, the true virtue, which is ultimately only possible with the help of God. Who is the wisdom, who is the law, who is the truth?


The Fed has dropped interest rates. So you need to call my friends at American Financing today with mortgage rates in the fours, now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of hardworking Americans have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, and even childcare. That debt is expensive with credit card rates being so high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. There are even closing some in as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much that you could be saving. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


It's funny that you say common sense I speak about on my show often that I just really trust my gut instinct and s what they've done successfully is to make people believe that their gut is a conspiracy. Like that thing that comes online, which is the God intuition that is saying to you, this is very wrong and I shouldn't be doing this even though you're telling me it's right. They, you know, convince people that that feeling should be ignored and you should just do what everybody else is doing. Again, there's like that slave economy and don't ask any questions. And that's why watching what happened during Covid was really a study in a a, a mass, a psychology being implemented on the world where your gut instinct should tell you, I shouldn't leave my parents to die alone.


You know, I should that, that everything should be screaming that this is wrong. But again, then you're looking at everybody else and everyone's information And so you just go ahead and you do that. And what's really funny is they always use the word freedom, right? They're always telling you that this is about, you have to do this for freedom. Even when they're locking you at home, they're telling you that you're doing this because you're a part of a team and like once everybody does this, then at the end of this you're going to get your freedom. So you have to enslave yourself for a little. But that's the right thing to do for freedom pornography. Well what is that about? That's about freedom. This is about the first amendment and the freedom and why wouldn't you want to have pornography in your society or your decision to choose Even when you trace all of these movements that came over, which you can draw a straight line from, from Russia.


We, we took in a bunch of Russian immigrants and who brought over feminism the concept of feminism. Well this is about women's freedom, you know, this is, it's not about breaking down the family and making women hate men. This is about sticking up to the, standing up to the patriarchy so that women can have their, their freedom out of the household. So you're constantly seeing that conditioning of telling people that it's really about freedom as they inch us ever closer to our own enslavement. And it it, it brings into this into question and it's a difficult question to ask this because I look at some people and I know they know better, I know they know that this is wrong and yet they continue to do the slave activity and I wonder if it's because freedom is actually quite scary, like the concept of, of freedom.


For some people it's easier to just get in line because then you can say, well I'm not in, I'm not in control of my own life and I'd rather just do what I'm told to do. I I grapple with that. Like if it's natural for people to want to be enslaved because they don't have the courage to be Exactly a great deal of people, they are preferred to live in some way as slaves rather than to to witness something which is then for them unpleasant and have some consequences, negative consequences. But the dignity of the human person consists in really finding the truth and witnessing the truth, the good, the love.


And this we must promote because this is really and goes down in history. We admire all people who in history resisted the common current common tie, the common ideology. We have several excellent figures in the history only to mention Thomas Moore And so and other. And this is really for us worthy of admiration and for your own self esteem, you must reject any form of, in slavery you must be independent, but you only will be free.


When you find the truth and the virtue and the love, then you are free and then you have no fear, then you are fearless, then you fear only God. And that is true freedom. I do wanna ask you briefly about some of the, I guess internal struggle, If you wanna call it internal conflicts of the Catholic church, which I think a lot of people are speaking about today. And you are known publicly, they, they will speak about certain bishops and pre Vatican, ID pre Vatican, two pardon ideas.


And when I think about America in the sixties as as I'm starting to relearn history, I definitely do think that the sixties, it's an important decade. There were a lot of significant changes that happened in my country and of course obviously the Vatican II Council. And so what does that mean for people that many people who watch the show who are not Catholic, when the you are being described, maybe you don't agree with that description as someone who is pre Vatican two. And what does that mean to you that that public description of you? Well this is not the exact term, pre Vatican two, I'm simply trying to be faithful to Jesus Christ.


Jesus Christ is more important in our account. Jesus Christ is more important than a pope. The truth will set you free. And I'm simply trying to be faithful to my identity Catholic and Catholic means what all believed in all times in the same way in all places and, and always. So this is Catholic and I will not accept novelties which will undermine this treasure, which is not my invention, but which is a gift of our Lord Jesus Christ of God himself, who gave us so generously revealed us his divine truth.


And these divine truth were entrusted to the apostles and they handed it over and the church until the second coming of Christ. In the same sense, in the same meaning we can only deepening the faith but not doing the undermining or ambiguous. The church task is to present evermore clearly the beauty and the, the immutability of the divine truth because the truth is beauty and it attracts you.


And so the church's first task, most severe task is to keep transmit integrally in viably this divine treasure of truth. And therefore I stick to not my opinion, not to the so-called pre and opinion, but to the divine truth, which the church, the saints, innumerable saints 2000 years believed, proclaimed in the same sense, the same meaning always, and for which in numerous, countless martyrs give their life for the truth.


And this is worthwhile to live for the truth. And so when someone will therefore label me as a preto, it has for me absolutely no meaning. I am happy to be labeled. So as long as I am with Christ and with the truth and with all the saints of the past, It's true. The the the labeling doesn't actually mean anything at all when you find the truth. And it's funny because you, I I find that a lot of times people can wrongly attribute having faith and really just having an understanding of the truth as a form of radicalism. Like this person has been radicalized.


And actually I agree, I think the truth is radical in times of tremendous deceit. Like the truth is radical. It's, it's a radical when you're, when you're standing up in a system of lies. Exactly. And the, the problem with what can true was that at that time Paul John 20 20, 20 third and Paul the sixth Vista, the council, they wanted in some way to please the modern world to ask sympathies from the world. But this is unworthy.


Jesus Christ did not ask sympathy from the world. The apostles did not ask sympathy from the world. Jesus Christ said, you'll be always persecuted by the world. These are the divine words of all Lord Jesus Christ. And the apostle said, if someone would like to be a friend of the world, he becomes an enemy of God. It is written in the New Testament. And So I follow this and sent at tenacious a great saint from the fourth century who almost alone with few bishops defended in the fourth century, the truth of the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, against the, the spread heresy of the S who denied the divinity of our Lord Jesus Christ, this great saint.


He said, if the entire world would be against the divinity of Jesus Christ, the entire church, entire world, then I will believe in the divinity of Jesus Christ and therefore I will be against the entire world. And so he also coined this expression, it is not fitting that we Christians and the more bishops are serving the time we must serve the Lord. That was actually one of the small things that added up for me.


I think that drew me to the, to Catholic faith was sort of seeing that as a Protestant, when you go to to church on a Sunday, everything's become quite modern. It it seems like you're kind of meeting the times. And I don't say this with any ill will in my heart. I am, I am, I'm grateful for the time that I spent as a Protestant. I think it was another step, a guide. But I did sort of wake up one day and just go, this is really modern. This feels like a modern pop con concert. And if we're updating ourselves to the times, you know, what are, are we teaching history? Are we just gonna keep moving the goalposts? And I think it was pretty obvious that things kept moving and, and then I tried to really comprehend why it is and it is evident that there is so much hatred and disdain for Catholics.


And I think the answer is because Catholics have been the keepers of history. Yes, exactly. And there is a beautiful text from the second century from a letter which is called Letter to Datos. It's an anonymous writer. And one of these chapters says second to century, you know, it was paganism. The Christians were a small, tiny community and persecuted and hate, hated and disdain. And this author says what the soul is for the body.


These are the Christians for the entire world and all hate to Christians. And when you ask them why you hate us, they cannot say the reason why you are, they are hated. And so this is a very fitting expression observation of an author, Christian author from the second century and is quite timely for our time also the Christians must be the soul, but the soul is animating, giving life for the body.


So the Christians, the presence of the Christians must be this power of giving spiritual life, animating the society, but also be always aware that we are hated because Jesus Christ, the son of God himself, was hated 'cause of the truth. But on the other side, we must be convinced and sure of our faith and know that we are the winners. God Christ is the winner and we are his followers.


And we are already the two Christians even. So we are called the militant church here on earth. We are already with the army of the winners. You also just published another book. Can you tell us about it? Yes, this is the book, it's the title Christus Vincent, a Latin title. It means Christ wins. And this is a book interview with Diane Montan, which we did several years ago where I also described my, my life during the Soviet regime and my priestly ministry and Episcopal ministry and answered to some current important issues and topics of our life in the world and in the church.


And this isn't the only book that you published, you also published Creed earlier in that. Yes. This is another book with the Latin title credo. It means, I believe it is a kind of compendium, a synthesis of the Catholic faith written in a style of question and answers, short answers covering all the important themes of our Christian life. The first part is what we have to believe, the second part, how we have to live what we believe.


So the morals, ethics, and the third part, how we must pray in a right of manner. So it is all linked together and all the book is in the question and answer style where also incorporated current issues and themes like the gender ideolog and the, and other issues, communism, Marxism, inflammation And so on. And So I hope that it'll be a help for people who seriously, honestly seek the truth. Right. And then also I published this year, my most recent book is the Title F Flee from Zi F, flee from Zi Zi.


It's a kind of spiritual distortion, distortion of divine truth which God revealed us or a denial or distorted. And So it hery, it's a kind of spiritual poison, which is what was since the beginning in the church spread. And even our days so much spread in the life of the church. So errors, ambiguities, distortions, denials, all proceeding from a subjectivist, egoistic narcissistic point of view from theologians, even bishops.


And we have to address this simply to protect people from the spiritual poisons and deceits like a good physician and doctor, he will warn people of viruses of dangerous epidemic, sicknesses And so on diseases. And the same, a bishop must protect people from the spiritual diseases and give him so something in their hand, be attentive. They were, and I enumerated all historical es and errors, which existed since the beginning of the church until our day and presented some answers to current topics.


And in the end of the book, free from Heresy, I presented our Lady Mary, the mother of God who protects us. So these are my three books, which I would you recommend, Okay, we'll put the link in the description for this video. But for those that are listening to the audio, where is the best place for them to go if they want to purchase Your books so they can purchase all these books in Amazon. Perfect. And at the Publishing House, which published the creator book and flee from her, the Sophia Press Institute, which is a publishing house in New Hampshire, in Manchester.


Well, I would very much recommend that you guys get these books and just begin your spiritual journey. What would you say? I have a large audience of people who are not Christians. You know, we, I have tons of mothers who watch this show because I speak a lot about children and being a mom, I have a lot of men who watch this show because I speak about the sort of this war on masculinity and those men that are struggling with pornography and realizing that something's wrong and they haven't yet been pulled into any church at all. So what would you say to to those listeners who are, are watching right now, who are sensing the conflict that we're in? They're sensing that this is a spiritual battle, that something grander and more evil is going on and they don't really have the tools or really understand what to do.


And they sometimes, by the way, feel quite depressed about that. That's a heavy realization of how dark and demonic things are and and not really knowing what to do. Yes, I would advise these, my brothers and sisters to really, honestly, seriously ask God your creator, your redeemer, oh my Lord, give me delight to know the truth because only the truth will set me free. Only the truth will bring me happiness. And when you will pray such a small, serious prayer, honestly, God will guide you and you will find the fullness of truth and the protection of God in His grace.


'cause God created you for truth. God created you for love, for the fullness of happiness. As Saint Augustine said, oh God, you created us for you and our, our heart is as long will not find his. Its calm at its tranquility unless it finds you the Lord. And So I encourage you, simply pray every day that God may guide you, reveal you the fullness of truth.


So beautiful And so well said. And, and before we go, I think I would just ask you to pray to, to pray in conclusion because I think people need to hear that a prayer for them as well. Yes. The most beautiful prayer you know, is the Our Father, because this prayer gave came out from the divine mouth of our Lord Jesus Christ. And then this prayer is a synthesis of all what we must do and we what we need. As we know, the first three petitions are to proclaim God, to glorify him. This is the main aim of our life, to glorify God when we serve him, he will give us so many graces And so many blessings.


And the the last petitions are for our needs here on earth. So we'll pray together this prayer. In the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit. Am our Father who art in heaven. Hello, be thy name. Thy kingdom come, thy will be done, on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses as we forgive those who trespass against us. And let us not into temptation, but deliver us from evil.


Ah, glory be to the Father, and to the Son, and to the Holy Spirit, as it was in the beginning is now and ever shall be world without and am in the name of the Father and the Son and the Holy Spirit am Ah, amen. Ladies and gentlemen, so much that we could talk about. I can't wait to dive into your comments. I will end this by saying just to remember that you have a creator. You have one creator. It is not a doctor, it is not a scientist. It is not found in a school textbook. And I hope that this helps you to begin your journey, one step at a time.


Cannot thank you enough for being here. His Excellency. Bishop Snyder, Thank you. It was a pleasure for me to speak with you.