
All Right guys, you are in for a treat today. Really, actually, I'm in for a treat because you know my obsession with declassified CIA documents, obviously this year, I have made that book Chaos Required Reading for any person that is watching this podcast. I mean, learning the truth about the CIA, it is just, it will rip you into a new reality about our government. What is real Operation Mockingbird MK Ultra? Well, today I have a guest who was in the CIA, became a whistleblower. I'm not sure how he's alive. I'm going to ask him. But it is our great and distinct honor to welcome Kevin ship to the Candace Show. Kevin, thank you. Yeah, thanks for having me. I feel bad for you 'cause this is like, I'm just gonna lock you in here and ask you so many questions.


That's right off the bat. That's fine. First I'll just ask a question. I think that a lot of people probably want to know a very softball question. How does one become a CIA analyst? Do they call you after you place high on your SATs? In some cases they do. Okay. And they recruit outta some of the Ivy League colleges. In my case, I had a friend who was in there, I didn't know it 'cause he was undercover, was encouraging me to put in an application and, and his name was Dana. And I said, Dana, that's not gonna happen. Not with my checkered and shaded college passed, you know, drugs and alcohol and, and all. And, and he said, well, just try it anyway. And I said, okay. So I filled it out, 1 71, gave it to him and just, just blew it off.


That's the end of that. And I get a call, this is Kevin Ship? Yes, this is Mr. X at the CIA. You've applied for employment here? I said, yeah. He goes, would you like to continue with your application process? And I said, sure. How old were you at The time? I was, let's see, at that time I was 27. Wow. 27 7. 27 years old. And they said, okay then we'll, we'll continue. Thank you. I said, okay, wait till they do my background investigation, talk to my college friends, you know, then I get phone calls from my buddies. It's two, two guys in a suit knocked at our door. They were FBI and they're asking questions about you. And I'm like, well, surprise. That didn't happen in college. But they, they weren't FBI, they were, they were somebody else.


So I knew that they were out there checking on me. And I, and I was still convinced, nah, I'll never make it. And then I got another call, Kevin Ship. We are still interested in your application. Would you like to come in to CI headquarters for an interview? I was like, okay. So I go to CI headquarters in Langley, Virginia, walk in there, in into the main building. They badge me with the visitor badge. I sit there, lady in the business suit comes out and she goes, you, Kevin, chip? I said, yeah. She goes, follow me. So I go down this long quarter with combination locks and all the doors, and at the end is this one doorway that's open and sitting behind the desk is this silver-haired guy up in this big desk, and he's, this is the back where you could smoke in CI office, office buildings. And he's just chain smoking away.


And he goes, Kevin, to have a seat. So I sit in the chair and of course you, I sunk down, you know? And so his desk is away up here. I'm like, okay, I know what's going on here. He goes, Kevin, I got one question for you. I said, yes, sir. He goes, you ever broken the law? And I'm like, okay, that's the end of this. I said, I, I'd become a Christian at that point. So I was, you know, I tried to tell the truth the best I could. I said, yes, sir, I have it. He goes, I don't, you tell me about it. So I went through this long litany of drug use and climbing to the top of radio towers and all this crazy stuff we did in college. And, and when I was done, I was like, oh, well, I told the truth. He takes a drag off his cigarette, blows out his nose.


And he goes, I got no problem with that. You want to continue? I'm like, yeah. So anyway, went to the polygraph and I did the same thing in the polygraph. I told 'em all my, my Oh, Wow. So they immediately then take you into a polygraph? Well, it, it was about a month after that. They like to, they like you to stew. Mm. As they're watching you, as They're, as they're watching you. So each interview was, was about almost three months apart for a total of six months. Okay. And then one more question, what were you actually doing as your career at that time? I was a starving biologist. Okay. Yeah. I was a biologist. My minor was in microbiology. And I decided I i, I wanna find a new career that, You know, I, I'm, I'm not made to be in a laboratory. So that's why Dana had me turn in the application.


And so they would call you and they'd wait three months to kind of let you stew, you know? And next call I get Kevin ship. Yeah, this is Mrs. X, you have made it this far in your process. Would you like to come in for a polygraph test? And I said, okay. I said, come into headquarters such and such a time and date, and they'll send me to an outer building. They do these in an outer, non-discreet outer building, and they sit on such and such a date. So I walk in there, sit there with all these people that are in the chairs, you know, just frozen about to take their CIA polygraph. They called me back and I sat down in the chair and, and they wired me up with all the wires, the electrodermal plates and, and everything. And, and started asking me questions.


And of course, the first one was, Kevin, you ever broken the law? And I was like, okay. And then he was like, any, anything else? No. And then they get into drugs and they get into alcohol. And later on at the end of my tour, I became a polygraph examiner. So I knew, you know, much of it is, is trickery. It's not as much the interest instruments really important, but it's the skill of the, of the examiner and how they ask questions. And they do it in a specific way. So they'll ask mundane questions and then they'll hit you with the big one and see how you react to the big one, you know? So anyway, I got outta there in two hours, which I understood later was a good thing and got my call. You're hired work for the CIA report to the CI headquarters, such and such a date for my big briefing.


And I was in, you have no idea a lot of times what you're gonna be doing until you get in there, you know, which I certainly didn't. So You were just shocked. Here you are biologists. Yeah, Yeah. And Dealing with test tubes and making no money. Now you're like, actually now you work for the Central Intelligence Agency. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And maybe they liked my checker married at the time. No, I was, yes, I was married at the time, let's see, I was 27, So I was, I was married at the time. Yes. And of course, my wife couldn't know anything about, once I got in there and, and found out what I was gonna do, you go through your first briefing, I, I wound up being one of these briefers, but everybody's sitting out there from secretaries to military liaison generals and this big audience, and then they tell 'em what the CI is all about.


And everybody goes, whoa, whoa. And, and they tell you how special you are, and you're the 2%. And that's when they start working on you. Nobody's like you, you know, and we chose you because you're special. And, and that's part of how they mess with your mind and, and get you to kind of be super loyal and, and test you to see what you'll do later. So anyway, I went through that. Then I started in what was called their security protective service. They, they had just instituted a brand new program where they would train federal law enforcement officers at fletc, the Federal Law Enforcement Training center. And the CI would bring them in, get them a clearance. They would be licensed federal police officers, and then they would do secret things for the police inside sea headquarters and, and buildings.


So I started there and then based On what sorts of secret things Well protect, the, the, the way the statement is, the Security protective service protects CIA personnel and facilities. And that means a lot, especially overseas, if you're protecting personnel overseas, you're involved in operations, you know, live or die, which I wound up doing. And so within golly eight months, I was promoted to be an agent, a protective agent on the protective deal detail of William Casey when he was director of the CIA and all the way up until he had his seizure and was taken to Georgetown University Hospital. Then I was one of the agents in the hot seat outside of his hospital room while he was terminally ill.


And, and that's when Bob Woodward claims he got in, which is a fabrication because we caught him and showed him the door. He never got in there. Wow. And it's in his book, veil, secret Wars of the cia. It's a complete fabrication. Wow. Yeah. So then I went onto the counter espionage group. There was a mole in the CIA and I was in a special unit searching for that mole inside the, the CIA. Then from there, I went and became a member of what would be the CI's version of a tier one. They won't let, let me say the exact name of the detail. They, they want me to call it an anti-terrorism assault team. So we were sent overseas against the New People's Army terrorist group that were, that were massacring police departments.


They were surveilling embassy people. They killed a bunch of Marines. And we were sent over there to stop that from happening. Which country Are you allowed to say? No. Okay. And so it was a, they said this is gonna be a one-way mission. So we all took out life insurance, and I had a close call with a terminal illness when I was a kid, So I wasn't really afraid of much, You know, So I, they, they asked for volunteers and only a few raised their hands. And then we went through cut after cut after cut through this intense training with counter assault team training and hostage training and all this stuff. And so Now you're learning to shoot or had you Already, you're, you're learning, you're in tactical shooting. We had to qualify in five different weapon systems. We went through really intense counterterrorism driver training.


We're we're, we're in the dark, we're driving down a track at 80 miles an hour with a car ramming us from behind an instructor screaming obscenities right. In our face. And we had to make a 90 degree turn and do it successfully, or we are off the team. So, Okay. I wanna, I wanna stop pause here because Sure. You are saying all this stuff, like, it's super casual and now I feel like I'm listening to the audio of a James Bond flick. Okay. So, because this is like, this is incredible. So they come to you and you've got this counter-terrorism team, and they ask who, who would like to volunteer for this by the way? You might die. Yeah. Because you've said that sort of casually Yeah, whatever. I'll do that. Yeah. But they basically were like, take out some life insurance. Yeah, absolutely. You were married at the time. Yes. And you volunteer could, because you're a mad man, I presume.


But you did say also because you had dealt with the terminal illness Yeah. When you were younger and I wasn't afraid of dying. Yeah. Okay. So what, what was the terminal illness? What were you I I was diagnosed with what's called bilateral hydronephrosis. When, when I was 12 years old. And essentially both kidneys, both of my kidneys had burst and, and I was just going to the bathroom and nothing was, but blood was coming out. So they rushed me to Fairfax Hospital and kidneys were gone. It was just a mass of blood. And they gave me six weeks to live. And my mom, who was an agnostic, had a friend named Sue Barton, wonderful lady. And she had a prayer group. And that little prayer group of ladies, you know, believed that God still heals from the Bible.


And so they prayed and prayed and prayed. I didn't know this. They prayed. And, and I remember I was in the hospital, and of course I was feeling horrible. I was in there for 30 days at that point, and I was their poster child, you know? 'cause I wasn't supposed to make it. And then all of a sudden I started just feeling healthy for the first time in a long time. And I remember sitting up telling the, the nurse, I opened the window, let the sunshine come in. She's like, okay. They took me back down and x-rayed my sides, and both my kidneys were back. And this is in Fairfax County records. Beville Fairfax County Hospital. Yeah. And, And so after that, I knew something really remarkable had happened. And through, after my college years, I finally found was smart enough to find faith when I started looking into it to get through my thick head.


And then I, I became a very sincere Christian after that. So Then, yeah. So this is why you don't have this fear of death, right? Right. So you're, you're a dedicated Christian and you're like, all right, this, this is what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna go overseas. I'm gonna join this counter-terrorism unit. And you go through this intense training, you get over there, and I assume you don't die. Nope. I I, I, I sure didn't. You didn't die. You Know, and it's funny that the way that it works, because the CI is such a mind game that I went native for about five years and I, I became them out collecting human intelligence in the field through assets and trying to penetrate governments and things.


And what that does in drinking with the, the, the enemy, you know, and, and, and what that does to your moral compass is just not good. And so for five years, I was kind of one of them, you know, although I was a Christian, I was still a Christian, but backslidden would probably be a a good word. But Your job was to be dishonest. My Job was to steal, to lie, to drink with the foreigners. And, and I would take metal notes as I was extracting information. We'd get 'em real drunk, you know, take 'em out and get 'em to talk. And then I'd memorize everything they said and then take coded notes when I got back to the hotel and then smuggle those back to agency and write reports. And, and I got a word for that.


So did a lot of that. And it was dirty work that the James Bond image, you know, when you get out and actual case officer work, it's more snakey, I would say. But you've of course been severely, you've gone through the propag, the propaganda of the training. Oh, you're, Oh yeah, absolutely. You're a part of If you Yeah. Messing organization. Absolutely. And the, the defining moment, which kind of opened my eyes as I was, I was, we were on the border of the Soviet Union. KGB was everywhere we were followed. We had a KGB officer that followed us everywhere. We called him Boris. And I left the hotel one day to go up to this little mall and, and get something to eat in the hotel. And this lady comes up to me and, and she goes, hi, sir, would you like to hear the gospel of Jesus Christ?


Excuse me. And I, and I, I pushed her away and I said, no, thank you. And I took about four steps. And I was like, my God, what has happened to me? You know, I went back to the hotel room, I was like, I can't do this anymore. And went back to headquarters. And because I'd written, gotten some good human intelligence and done some good operations, I got a call from the division chief, we want you to come and do this collecting human intelligence in the field for the rest of your career. I mean, this is an offer that nobody refused. You can't refuse this, you know? And I used to come home and take a bath to, to go to church to take a soul bath, You know, after what I'd just done. And I loved my kids and my family or than anything. So I told him on the phone, I said, sir, thank you so much for the offer, but I, I, I'm, I'm not interested.


I'm not, I'm gonna have to turn it down. He goes, what? Your career with this agency is over If you turn this down? I said, well, yeah. Yes sir. If that's the case, then that's the case. He goes, it's over for you click. He hangs up the phone. And I'm like, Okie dokie. I walked outta my office and there's a, I can't mention his name, but he's a real well-known figure was now with the ccia A And I walked out my head kind of hanging, and he comes out and puts his arm around me and he goes, and excuse my, my French here. But he goes, Hey, Kevin. I said, yeah, yeah, I'm feeling kind of down. I just got really hammered. And he goes, it's about time. Somebody told those bastards. No. I'm like, that helps.


So, and in the context of my career, I uncovered this vulnerability. I was put on an assignment looking at computer system connections between the CI and some of our allied intelligence agencies. And as I was doing an investigation, I uncovered a vulnerability where it appeared that any foreign intelligence service, any terrorist organization, could go into the visa section of an embassy where they're just open computers and go into that computer, into the system in the embassy and identify our covert agents, chief of staffs and, and by extension their assets. And at first I was like, my gosh, how can this be? So I investigated further and dug and dug. And it turned out that it looked like, yes, you can do this.


So I contacted the office division and the CI responsible. I said, look, I think this can be done. And they're like, we doubt it. And I said, well, let me send my report over to you and you can give it to the division chief and, and let him look at it. Just see what he thinks. So I sent it through internal CIA mail I call a week later, did you get my report? What report? I said, you know, the one I sent you through internal mail? No, we didn't get any report. I says, okay, I'll send it again. So I sent it again, waited a week, called him, okay, did you get it this time? What report? I'm like, what the heck is going on here? The one I sent you? No, we don't remember any report. I said, alright, I'm gonna come over to your office and CI headquarters and I'm gonna give you the report over your desk.


So I did that. I traveled to CI headquarters with the report, walked up into the office. There was the division chief's executive aide. And I said, ma'am, here's the report. I think he needs to look at this. And she kind of bristled and said, okay, I'll give it to him. A week later, I called, did the chief get a chance to read my report? He goes, she goes, I don't remember any report. I'm like, man, the one I just handed you over your desk. I don't remember that. We don't remember any, any report. Then I went into the CIA server in headquarters and they had erased my report from the CIA server. And I was like, what on earth that is going on here? You would think that they'd want to know about this and do something. Their guys don't get killed.


So guys don't get killed. Yeah. Yeah. And then I get a call from this division chief in a menacing tone Kevin ship. I'm like, this is so And so from Clarence Protection Division, I'll call it. I said, yes, sir. He goes, I'm ordering you to drop this investigation and drop it now or else it's your career. I'm like, but sir, he goes, no, I'm telling, ordering you to stop it. Click. And, and okay, what do I do then? Well, it turns out that my immediate boss, I'll call Jack, leaked to my report to Department of State Senior Inspector General's office. Former decorated CI officer, was now one of the leaders in their staff.


And I get this phone call on the secure line, Kevin, this is Jim. So And so, and I knew who he was. I mean, he was very well respected in the agency. I said, yeah, yes, sir. He goes, listen, we got a copy of your report and we think there may be a concern here. So I said, yeah, I think so too. And he goes, would you come over to state and brief us? And I said, certainly. So I went over to Department of State and briefed the ig and they looked at it and they said, yeah, this is concerning. Let us look at this and then we'll get back to you. So I go back to my desk in this outer building, I get a call from Jim. He goes, Kev, this looks serious. We're gonna do a global investigation to this and see if this is really happening. Do not tell the CIA what you're doing or what we are doing.


Keep this secret. You'll hear from us in about three months. So I was like, goodness. Okay. Three months I get a call on, on a secure line, and it's Jim. He goes, Kevin, we need you to come over to state. It's worse than even you thought. I said, yes, sir. He goes, could you be at state this Friday at such and such time? I said, yes, sir. So I went over there and the IG guys buzzed me in on the upper floor. And I walk in and there's Jim and the two IG guys. They said, come on back to the conference room. I walk into this room, this long Walnut conference room, and I sit on one side of the table, Jim and the other two, two IG guys at the end. And they said, the CI will be here Just a moment. I'm like, Ooh, I didn't know the CIA was coming to this.


And so we wait, there's a buzz on the door, the door opens and in walks the chief division chief of this cover protection division, who told you, drop it, told me the division that told me to drop it or else. And they said, have a seat at the end of the table, sir. And this is GS 15 CI official and way above my head, he sat down at the end of the table. He didn't know why he was there. He was kind of, he was kind of nervous. And they said, consider this an official rebuke by the Department of State to the CIA for putting the lives of, of their covert agents at risk for over 10 years.


And then covering it up, consider this an official rebuke. And this report is gonna go to the entire intelligence community. And they're all gonna see what you've done. Well here, blood just strained from his face. He got ash and white and froze and was sh in sh shocked. It was like, uhoh we're busted. And they said, you can go now. So he gets up and he walks out and I'm sitting there thinking, well, that's the end of me. That's the end of my career. And I remember going back to the CI headquarters, walking through the main hallway. And it was figuratively speaking. It was like I had a laser.in my back. I knew they were coming for me. And eventually they wound up assigning me to a, a secret base where they did all kinds of dirty deeds and buried a bunch of stuff and put me in a house that they knew was badly contaminated.


The people in it before were very ill and, and ordered me and my family into this house. And we all got terribly sick. My son's immune system was, was destroyed. The immune immunologist said it looked like he'd been exposed to a burst of radiation. My wife was bedridden bruising all over her body, bleeding from her guns. She was in dementia, lost her short-term memory. The CI was ordering me not to tell anybody about it. They wouldn't, they wouldn't allow any medical tests, any environmental tests told me to keep it quiet. They wouldn't let me con back contact my supervisor back in Washington. And anyway, so it was bad.


Then they broke into our house. You know, I was two steps ahead 'cause I was them. So we were out of the house and I put tape seals on all the doors and windows and a, a little radio shack voice activated tape recorder. You know how technically advanced I put it up in the, in the silverware container and then a little safety zone, motion activated siren while we were gone. And I, we get back, we go into the house, all five tape seals are broken. I I turn on the tape recorder and you can hear the door opening with a master key, some rustling around. You can hear the, the alarm go off and then shut off immediately. They knew how to shut that thing off. And you had to kind of know what to do. And at that point, I'd filed a personal injury suit against the CI because they were covering this thing up.


But we went back into where looked like most of the toxins were coming in. They were coming in from below and and above. And there were big paintbrushes of invisible chemical. The CI had broken in and painted on the ceiling. They didn't know that I was using a back black light. 'cause that's how you can find a lot of toxins with black light. And I remember Clinton, my and and a courageous attorney were standing there and I hit it with a black light. And he goes, this is like three days at the condor. I'm like, every time I think they're not gonna do something, they do. Anyway, that led to me coming out, becoming a whistleblower and, and then seeing what the CIA will do to whistleblowers and the perfected sys. That's why you never hear about CI whistleblowers. They have a perfected system of, of career destruction.


If you talk about anything that you see that is criminal or illegal or whatever, to to, to classify it, seal it, put it under the state secrets privilege. And, and they threaten me and my wife and kids with prison if we talked about the evidence I collected to anyone. And then I was, that was it. That's it. So I wrote from the Company of Shadows, came out, went to first not knowing to the Washington Post and said, I'm a former sea officer, I wanna come out with a story. And the reporter was like, oh, okay. Yeah. He started calling me and over 30 days, I gave him the story, a unclassified story over 30 days. He kept calling and asking questions that re required classified answers and I wouldn't give 'em to him.


This went on. Finally, I said, look, look, Charlie Savage at the New York Times wants this story. So if you're not gonna do this and you keep this up, I'm gonna give it to him. No, please. My editor, my editors on me to, to ask these questions. Well guess who his editor was. Bob Woodward Mockingbird, poster Child Bob Woodward. And it turns out that that post had gone straight to the CIA and reported my contact.


New estimates show that more than 1 million babies were killed by abortion in 2023, the highest number of abortion since 2012. We have to fight back against this evil because when they shout abortion, we have to shout life. And how do we do that? We join hands with pre-born, the largest pro-life organization in the country that sponsors ultrasounds for clinics in the highest abortion areas. When a mother considering abortion meets her baby on ultrasound and hears the heartbeat, it doubles a baby's chance at life every day. Pre-born rescues 200 lives, which is a true miracle. By the time I finish reading this ad, two more babies will have been taken by abortion. Just $28 could be the difference between life and death. So please join the fight by sponsoring 1, 2, 3, or 200 ultrasounds. All gifts are tax deductible to donate. Just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can visit preborn.com/ Candace. That's preborn.com/ Candace.


Yeah. I don't, most people know this. And it's, it's interesting now because I, I've now realizing that I know nothing about history. And so many people think it was this brave thing that Bob Woodward did and was in contact with Deep Throat, but it was actually the state overthrowing Nixon. Like it was a, it was a, it was the deep state overthrew Nixon. They wanted him out and then they wanted to make it smoke. It was this like heroic thing to the public. Yeah, that's right. And so actually Nixon was a victim of the deep state. That is correct. Just like JFK was before him. And so realizing that, that Bob Woodward, his claim to fame is I had a source. Yeah, your source was the CIA that was trying to, to radically oust a president. Yeah. Stage a coup, essentially. Yeah. So you realize then at that point, and by the way, just to slow this down, I know people that watch this already know about Operation Mockingbird, but it is really one of the most crucial ones to understanding the mainstream media web.


The CIA puts this into place and quite literally just puts journalists on the CIA payroll Yeah. To be able to control the information that's out to the getting out to the public. After JFK gets shot, they're worried about what's going to happen. Pub the public is asking too many questions. So they just want journalists to all say the exact same thing. Yes. And we still see this today. There was no discontinuation of Project Mockingbird. So you make the mistake of going, there must be a Noble Media member at the Washington Post. And That was all in the past. You Know, It doesn't continue today. Well, it And what Year is this, by the way? What's that? I'm sorry? What year is this that you're dealing With? Let's see, that would be 2012. Okay. And then that's when I wrote from the Company Shadows.


And so yeah. And that, and then I started experiencing firsthand other major publishers when I wrote from the company Shadows. Oh, no, no, no, we can't touch that. We don't wanna make the CIA Mad. And the CI had threatened a lot of journalists and a lot of publishers don't touch, don't touch anything against the ci. So they were all terrified. And plus the editors of the Washington Post, the Washington Post is one of the founders of Mockingbird, Philip and Katherine, New York Times. What's that One Of the highest Paid New York Times? Yes. Time Magazine. They had 400 more than 400 reporters and news anchors on CIA payroll when the Operation Mockingbird started.


And now they fun. They operate two ways. A journalist with any major news media or or news periodical knows that if they investigate, do a real investigative piece on the CIA, they're done. I mean, their editors tell them that many editors have a quid pro quo with the CIA not to report negatively on the ccia A And there's some major news organizations that people watch that do not, that have that relationship. And so if they say anything negative about the CIA, the CIA will stop feeding them stories so that they can get the first scoop and cut them off. And that's going on right now with several well-known news organizations, as I mentioned, the one with the I of lapel in so clearly going on.


Then this last administration, thank God, which is out the back door, started what's called the Trusted News Initiative where the CI signed an agreement or the Associated Press, the Washington Post of course. And all four social media companies in the Trusted News Initiative signed an agreement with the DNI and the CI not to report, to censor certain pieces of information on all social media. And in the reporting literally signed a a, an agreement not to do that. Now, when you sign a CIA agreement, especially if there's money involved, they'll put you under a non-disclosure agreement with a threat of prison If you talk about anything you're not supposed to talk about. And, and that's how the CI controls journalists.


That's why there are no whistleblowers until recently because of the NDA. You come out and you talk about this, you're going to, going to prison. You sign a secrecy agreement as an officer never to, to put anything out without the CI approving it, which means they'll redact or black out the entire thing, which they did my first book and, and sit on it for a year or two. That's what they do every single time. And some of that's in the book. It's really compelling to consider that you did what you thought was an act of service trying to rescue the lives of other CIA servicemen report this, Hey, this must be by accident. That we have this exposure to them Yeah. That people can access their information via visa application, whatever it is. And this resulted in you being poisoned.


Yeah. Like they were just gonna, they were just gonna poison you and your family because how dare you. And it was a direct order. Of course, my mind is instantly running. Why would they not want to deal with that? Of course, if they realize that ccia A services can be killed. And then of course my mind then instantly goes to, because they kind of wanted 'em to get killed so they could, You know, declare an act of war against whatever target it is. They killed somebody in the ccia A and you know, it was, it was a, this is their favorite, a remarkable intelligence failure. They were somehow able to access the information by accident. We had no idea. Exactly. But in reality, they wanted these people to be harmed. Why would they not take care of something that clearly put their agents' lives at risk? Why would they leave it there to the point of covering it up, threatening me, and then taking the report off off the CIA server, unless they wanted that vulnerability, vulnerability there to use.


If there was a, say, a chief of station, it wasn't playing by the, by the book or, or they wanted to plausible denial for some operation that went bad to blame. You know, how, how it happened. And that's the only logical conclusion. I just think It falls flags. It's like somebody gets hurt and then you say, you had no idea how this happened. And now we have to retaliate. Yeah. Because yes, our guys are getting killed, or somebody high up got killed. And of course we're gonna defend, You know, we're gonna defend the homeland. Yeah. And this is something that people are asking all the time, like, how many false flag attacks have there been where they allowed these remarkable security failures to happen? Several, a lot. Several from goodness gracious, from the Vietnam War with the Gulf of Tonkin. That was a false flag. The, the Vietnamese ships on the radar attacking those were fake.


The CI added those on the radar that they gave to Congress. The Vietnam War was started by a false flag. And look at 50,000 American soldiers died and a million Vietnamese civilians died because of that. And then you go to Iraq, the false intelligence from Iraq, 500,000 Iraqi civilians, 2,500 US troops were killed. And 200,000 US service personnel were badly injured because of false intelligence from the cia. A Remarkable intelligence failure. Right? Yeah. Re re even Pearl Harbor. They had warnings of it happening that they chose to ignore. I saw, I was watching this whole documentary around and that, and I was like, oh, okay.


Yes. It was just a remarkable intelligence failure. They heard that it was going to happen and then it happened. And then what do You know we're in World War ii? Yeah. And this just really gets into the military industrial complex because they need to make sure that the public is on their side. Yeah. And that is why this book Chaos blew my mind to think that the Charles Manson murders, which fundamentally changed people were so traumatized by how graphic these murders were. Yeah. And to know the CIA was there that night. I mean, what that Tom O'Neill uncovered and almost he dedicated his whole life to it. You know, he was flat broke and just filing FYA requests for years. Yeah. Realizing that the public thought that Charles Manon just hypnotized some people to do these crazy things. But in reality, everything we know about the Nancy Murders, this guy was MK Ultra.


He was trained by the government. And this was an order for people to, I guess to just end the hippie dream. They, they wanted to go to war people. The hippies were too love rock and roll. Yeah. And this leading up to the Vietnam War. Yeah. LBJ, blood Thirst, Vietnam, Cambodia. Yeah. It's incredible the lengths they will go through to get the public on the side of war. And it's extremely Upsetting. And then even in that, back in the sixties, that was a pretty much project Mockingbird, because he explained how all the press then was wa watching, writing every minute, every detail, because they wanted to traumatize the press. And these moments are traumatizing. Pearl Harbor, traumatizing. I always go back to my propaganda as a, a child in school nine 11.


And now I think back at it, I'm going, oh my gosh. Just the words they use and they don't wanna think about anything but the emotion of it. Right. And so we get in line and we go, okay, yeah, no, we're totally okay with establishing TSA and giving up all of our freedoms in order for us to stay safe. Yeah. Gutting the Constitution. Gutting the Constitution because all they're doing is showing us these images and talking about terrorism. And we're, I was in the classroom and they're telling us, You know, in order to be safe, to keep you safe, and then we have to go to war. And we, we can't just quickly say war and Iraq is okay, don't even ask questions even though there were Saudis in the plane. Yeah. All it takes is something very traumatizing to happen Operation Mockingbird in full effect. And you can, in most instances, get the public to be persuaded to go into a war, a conflict that they know nothing about.


You nailed it. Yeah. You nailed it. Yes. And, and in terms of nine 11, I taught criminal investigations at a college, and I did investigations, obviously espionage investigations in the agency. A criminal investigation was never done on nine 11. They automatically blamed it on terrorism. They didn't examine any, any of the evidence. As a matter of fact, they bust out all of the iron and steel on barges to China the next day. And they made these ridiculous. And they, you know, they, when they do their propaganda, it, it seems so stupid on its face, but they repeat it so many times, for example, well, we can prove that it was such and such hijacker that, that flew the plane in the building because we found his passport laying on E Street.


So, stupid. What, let's see, the plane was incinerated. The floor above and below the plane were incinerated. There was absolutely nothing left at the, but the Cover bodies, The building was powdered. But amazingly they found this passport that proved their narrative. Oh. And there's More. So we, this year we did a two episode series on nine 11 to go backwards. Yeah. 'cause I was a child. And to show people we found these old clips and showed them, do you realize how much we lied to about nine 11? Like it's just unbelievable when you, when you look back at everything they told, astounding, astounding. And then the things that they ignored that happened that day, and the presence of the Mossad that was there. And, and, and they just never really answered the question. And just kind Of Tower seven, Tower seven was very clearly just drops to the Come on.


You cannot explain that away. I Mean, then they, the, when you learn even more, try to even show 'em the show about the arch students that were there, that were also Yeah. Int intelligence agents, agents, Israeli art students. And, and, and then, and the Weeks leading up, just like, it's Like, it's like what a coincidence. What a coincidence. And and I did some research on plane crashes, as I'm sure many of your viewers have. And every single plane crash, especially a large aircraft, there's always, always wreckage left of the parts that can't be blown apart. The, the landing gear and the engines specifically, A lot of times the nose cone. Well, Shanksville, Pennsylvania, no wreckage whatsoever. The Pentagon, there were no engines.


There were no, no, none of the, the landing gear. Nothing. And yet there were servicemen around that said that I've served in active military, it was a missile. I I can tell you the sound of a missile. And they ignored all of this. And then we even pulled an old clip of a CNN journalist who was on the ground that day and said, I got up close. There's no plane. And they just kind of tried to wipe this from the internet. Yeah, yeah. And so we had to dig up this, I'm like, you had a CNN journalist who was just probably telling, just telling the truth and was like, I'm here. This is amazing. Like, I got up close, there's no plane. Yeah. And you just see this perfect hole. And then you have all these people who know, who have been act active military zones who said, I heard a missile that day. They don't release. They, they classify images of the plane, the Video tape from the, the Gas station until like 2000.


And who knows when Tom Fitton and Judicial Watch was finally able and you can't see anything. Yeah. It's like what hit the Pentagon that, that day something Yeah. To to just directly And then the Call us conspiracy theorists. Yeah. Yeah. Which is a part of Operation Mockingbird. They, the CIA created that Term. The CI created that and yeah, I've got a copy of that memo. People calling people conspiracy theorists. Well, let's just change that and call it conspiracy investigators. How about that Copi? Which is what we need these days, you know? So what do you Mean you got a memo of conspiracy theories? There's a memo where, where finally a Freedom Information Act request was answered. And they gave a memo where the CI said, responding to the JFK assassination, we need to respond to, to the conspiracy theories that are out there about this shooting.


And that's where the conspiracy theory label came from, was from that, that memo. And that's, that's an easy, used to be an easy out to brand somebody, a conspiracy. The, to, to avoid the facts. Like nine 11. There needs to be a criminal investigation despite this destruction of evidence of nine 11. There never, there never was. And in the book, Alvin Buzzy Cron Guard who ordered the CIIG to de silence and destroy me because of what was on that base or dirty tricks on that base, Alvin Buzzy, Cron guard, George Tenet's XO came directly from Wall Street. Alex Brown's and Sons was his corporation. Cone Guard didn't want anybody know this, but he'd been affiliated with Wall Street with the CIA for years and, and tenant.


And he made it look like he, that was his first stint and he just brought 'em in from Wall Street. Well that wasn't true. He was associated with the CI for years. And a few days before the planes hit the Towers Buzzy Cron Guard's company sold all short, sold all their stock in United Airlines and American Airlines. And in the nine 11 report, which is almost like the Warren Commission report, they didn't really wanna find anything. Or they mentioned there was some short selling going, short selling meaning, you know, something's gonna happen. So you sell your stock for cheap of, there were some companies that short sold stock in the airlines, but we found nothing there. Same with like Larry Silverstein who like purchased the insurance on it just six weeks before Yeah.


And yeah. Was incredible. Yeah. And we found no trace at Al-Qaeda had funded it. You know, well they buzzy Chr Guard did not mention 'cause he was the one that his company sold. Those short sold those stocks. But it stuck way down in a footnote in the nine 11 commission report that there was this company and blah, blah, blah, blah. Well, that, that's in our book as A, now which company was this? This was Alex Brown in Trust, which was later bought by the Deutsche Bank. Buzzy. Chr Guard came over acting like he was only making a dollar for service of his country. When in reality he made $71 million off the sale from Alex, Alex Trust and Sons to Deutsche Bank before he came with the CI He was a multimillionaire. But he claimed that, you know, he was doing it for, for a country.


So, and it was, it was buzzy chr guard that went after me when I uncovered that vulnerability and, and ordered this CIIG and I, I named the name of the IG person at the time to, to personally attack me. I was approached at an offsite, I was a program manager for Department of State after that. And the pro, the former senior IG official that was there when they were ordered to destroy me had retired. And he'd come with this company I was with. He comes over at this program manager conference and he sits down and, and I knew him. His name is Larry. I can't give his last name. Larry goes, Kevin, I need to talk to you. I said, yeah. Larry goes, listen, I was on the IG when your case hit. We were ordered to silence and destroy you.


This is A-C-I-I-G. He said, I just wanted to apologize for what they did to you. And I said, that's great Larry. I wish somebody, somebody would've done something before. You know, 'cause my family was really sick. So just, just a witness that they did, they did.


Reminding you guys that you should be drinking Seven Weeks Coffee. Why are they called Seven Weeks Coffee? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over half a million dollars for these centers and they've saved over 5,000 lives. Now I can tell you about their coffee 'cause I'm very picky about what I put into my body. It's mold free, pesticide free, shade grown and low acid. And it's organically farmed. So it truly checks all of the boxes. And just in time for the holiday season, Seven Weeks, Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. You can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order and new limited edition coffees. So whether you're looking for stocking stuffers or the perfect roast, Seven Weeks Coffee has, you covered this Christmas season exclusively for my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace, you'll get up to 25% off your order. Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us.


It's interesting to realize how severely propagandized those agents have to be to realize you are working for an agency that is sending you out to destroy somebody who has worked for this agency, which means they're teaching you loyalty that they are not ever going to reciprocate to you. Yeah, that's right. And that doesn't come online for these agents. I think about that all the time. Yeah. As I'm unpacking all of these things and what the CIA has been involved in and you know, obviously even speaking to a guy about the moon landing and how many people got killed, you know, very bizarrely died in mysterious circumstances. And you just wonder when you see these agents, like when does it come online? You're not a part of them. Like there is a very small elite who realizes that if they make you think that you're in, you're in the cool club, that you'll do anything for them.


That's right. That you'll put your lives on the line. But to to them, to the people at the very top. They'll replace you tomorrow. They'll kill you tomorrow. Yes. You know, you're as good as you can serve them today. Yes. And it's just interesting to hear that, that they were sent to go destroy a CIH as if they weren't. I I was, I was a top. I would go, I'm working for the wrong place. Yeah. If you're asking me to destroy someone that's a colleague. Yeah. Yeah. And I was for, for For what? Because he tried to save other colleagues. Y yeah. And, and he's exposing this base that we've been trying to hide for decades and all kinds of bad stuff that they'd buried there. Yeah. And I'll tell you the, the 20%, the top 20% of the CIA, especially at the highest levels, they're malignant narcissists.


They do not care about human life. Now the, the 80% below, there's a lot of good patriotic, you know, America loving people just doing their job. But the 20%, that's where the darkness and the evil is. 'cause they, they do not believe in democracy at that level. And they could care less about the Constitution obviously. 'cause they break federal law all the time. They broke it in my case several times. So it's that top dark 20% that, that are doing the same things they've been doing since MK Ultra was initiated. And MK Ultra was in place for 20 years. That was not a short program. I think it's still in place. Well, you gotta ask yourself. Yeah. Why would Thomas Crooks shoot take a shot at Donald Trump?


And you look at his background, of course it's under investigations they're not gonna release. You know. But this guy, this guy had three encrypted overseas bank accounts, which I haven't heard anybody investigate that he had no history of criminal violence, no threats. He was a brainiac in school. He'd received an award as an honor student. Of course he was in a BlackRock commercial. But in my opinion, that was just a coincidence. 'cause they were bright students. They were interviewing. But, but this kid had no history, no inclination to, to do that. And yet one day he climbs up and, and does that. Then there's Sirhan Sirhan and both Ben Bobby Kennedy and I are absolutely convinced that Sirhan Sirhan was an MK Ultra. He programmed by NK Ultra that he had no memory of, of shooting Bobby Kennedy Sr.


And when they went into hypnotize him, they said he was so easy to hypnotize, they had him climbing up and down the walls like a monkey. They could make him do whatever they wanted and he would do it. He's just, that's just the way his mind was. Like it had been really badly messed with. So I think Bobby Kennedy and, and I are convinced that was an MK Ultra subject too. Yeah. I'm very convinced that he was obviously murdered. And somebody also was telling me, someone on the PBD podcast was telling me there's actually a book that's super interesting that it wasn't even him being stabbed that killed him. It basically, and one of the things that you also learn in this chaos book, which is the same, which is that there are corrupt medical examiners. And after people die, he was telling me that there was an injection that went into his neck and that killed him instantly.


Yeah. Yeah. So there's always a lackey and then there's supposed to be someone that makes sure that the job gets done. Yep. And so that's one, I haven't had time really to explore that death, but to run, to run. I, I really wanna look into that. Yeah. But it's very likely you can always tell in the manner and the swiftness that they locked down an investigation and want the media to move on. Yeah. Because why would the media move on so quickly? Yeah. From someone trying to shoot President Donald Trump if it wasn't because we were gonna find who was implicated was going to be the ccia. And I also was stunned by absolutely how every network was covering that rally. Like every network who hates Trump was there that day and was covering it. And I think about that now when I think about these sort of mass psychosis that is supposed to come out of these events if everyone's watching and he's speaking and then he gets shot on camera and then afterwards, what they already had ready to go, they said, you know, Iran did this.


Do you remember this? Oh yeah. I'm like, what? Thomas Crooks and Iran like, I, come on, We received intelligence from Iran. This I, they were gonna do it this baloney. Yes, of course. It's baloney. Are you, oh, so this random kid was really hooked up with the Iran regime C propaganda. Absolutely. And I'm thinking, does anybody believe this nonsense that I wrong anything to do with this? Like this is the state trying to take out Donald Trump. Yeah, yeah. And I'm going, please Trump, do not accept that they are obviously have trained this kid. And it's funny you remark on h him being a brainiac because a lot of these, and I'm blanking on his name, and maybe one of you guys can tell me the Connecticut shooting, the school shooting. That was horrific. Adam Lanza was another one of these brainiac kids.


And this, the FBI came him a visit after he was able to hack into their computers when he was really young. And they said, well, you may work for, you know, the FBI one day. And it's, and I don't know if it's alleged or if the, if I actually read this in a mainstream media article that he was visiting Yale often. And we know like, what, what was he doing? So he had to visit early on because he's a brainiac next thing you know, and you can see in his eyes, he looks drugged outta his mind. Oh, absolutely. And so these are the questions that I would've thought years ago was a conspiracy until I really learned about what the MK Ultra program was. Yeah. I mean, we're talking even attempts to turn someone into a psychopath by sexually assaulting them when they're young, sodomy, all of these things. That's right. Our government did this.


Yes, they did. They did. They used sexual violence, they used torture, putting 'em in frozen rooms, hanging them. They used extreme amounts of LSD, extreme amounts of electroshock. The id. The original idea was they were trying to, to create assassins that would go kill somebody and then have no memory of the event. So I Sirhan And also John Lennon, the night that he was shot. Yeah. The CIA was there that night. Yeah. Yeah. And these normal, average people, successful, many times, intelligent people just go out and do these horrific things with no prior warning or indicators, behaviorally at all. And, and, and then with Adam Landey look in his eyes and some of these people's eyes, and his brain was, was on, he'd been on something for a long, quite a while.


I mean, that's pretty clear. He was, he'd been driven mentally insane. And that's what Ultra was designed to do to, to, to train criminal killers. But they, who would not remember what they did, and to train couriers as mules who would courier information over to intelligence agencies and then forget the information that they were just given also to do that, and then to do enhanced interrogations even way back then. And the torture program was not just waterboarding, by the way, but they to do enhanced interrogations back then. And that's what MK Ultra was all about from Jolly West Lewis, who was, he was the chief of psychiatry at UCLA and denied any involvement in MK Ultra, which was developed by Dr.


Sidney Gottlieb, who was the madman of the program. And Jolly Lewis Jay West, he went by, sometimes West claimed that he had no nothing to do with MK Ultra. And, and he would sue anybody that said that he did. And up until he died. Well, Tom O'Neill did a superb investigation where he went to UCLA and found his West's notes and records that UCA hadn't, UCLA hadn't gotten, gotten rid of yet. And he went through them meticulously and he found correspondence between Dr. Sidney Gottlieb and West about MK Ultra and how they were gonna try to hide it and try to move it out in the field and made that connection right there.


Shocking part of the book. Yes. And in, in Haight Ashbury, jolly, jolly West Lewis had his MK Ultra office right next to Haight Ashbury Clinic, and they would refer people over. And some of the people that O'Neill interviewed that were involved in Hay Asbury said, oh yeah, Manson. And the girls came to see Mr. West often all the time. And then they go out and do this horrific murder that's beyond imagination. Come on. I think he really hit on a, a, a, a big truth there. No, he did. And that's why I say you have to read this book because it really, you, you really have to confront how evil our government has been. Yes. And therefore is because they have not, it's not like there was some Mia Cole, but we did this and we're sorry.


They just keep these things up and they keep gaslighting us and they keep pretending that these people are one off Looney Tunes. And then you realize that there is some connection with an MK Ultra program, or the government had visited them, or they were brainiacs. Exactly. It's, you, you really, really have to understand what the MK Ultra program is. Exactly. And So it completely changes the way that I view all of these events, because I don't view them as random at all. It should. I know that they want us to view it as random. And I, and it's so interesting to see as more and more things get exposed, you know, we have the Diddy case and all of the same elements are in everything. Drugs, people not remembering things, beds are somehow involved. And the Diddy case are saying, you know, he had a number that he could call. This was being alleged by the person who brought the lawsuit forth and really exploded things that the LAPD, very similar to Charles Manson.


There was a person that was working for the feds that could just make things disappear and they could rely on the media to lie about things that were happening. Yeah. Shocking. I'm going. But not so shocking once you re realize this has been going on at least since the sixties. Yeah. Oh yeah. And so that also brings us into the Jeffrey Epstein thing. I Was about to mention that. Yeah. So the Diddy, the Diddy is kind of like the Hollywood of the Jeffrey Epstein. Yeah. Which is something the media worked very hard to bury for a very long time. Yeah. And the most compelling part of the Jeffrey Epstein thing is how they just sort of released him and allowed him to live in his house at first. And when questioned about this, what's his name? Acosta Acosta Acosta said, I was told as a judge He was int intelligence That he was in intelligence.


And that is the reason I could not prosecute him. Right. So there was somebody above me who said, I could not prosecute, prosecute this asset. That's right. That's Right. What are we to make of that? Who, what do you think about Jeffrey Epstein? Epstein was a ci Mossad asset that was recruited and was doing a blackmail operation. I think that's crystal clear, no question about it. So It tends to be the party guy, just like Diddy Drugs, Cameras, Drugs. The CI as part of MK Ultra had Operation Climax, or they were lure Johns in with drugs and prostitutes. And then this drunk CIA schmuck would sit on the opposite of a two-way mirror and take notes on what, You know, just evil, wicked stuff. And, and that's what they're using Epstein for, was blackmail operations.


And they got some pretty high level people snared into that. And they're, they haven't released, released the entire list of Epstein close Epstein confidants. But, you know, Israel's former Prime minister was one of them. So, Which Prime Minister Baud, trying to remember. You'll have to, you'll have to check it. I'm drawing blank on his name. Baud something. He, they got Picou Rock. Yes. They got a picture of him visiting Epstein at his New York apartment. And he was well connected to Epstein, but that was all in secret. And that, that is the intelligence part of Mossad. And, and of course they couldn't do that without coordinating with the CIA. So the, I asked this question now, the more I learned, there just always seems to be this connection between the CCIA A and the Mossad.


Oh yeah. And I'm going, is it just No, the same organization, the more you look back into history, and it's always somehow the Ccia A and the Mossad is there on the day that JFK gets shot, we learn about, like MLK, we learn about nine 11 and EMS going, okay, why does it seem like there's a union here, a marriage here? Mossad is like the sister of the ccia. A they're joined at the hip, kinda like Siamese twins. And they use each other for intel and operations and things like that. They're extremely close and in an extremely sensitive relationship. Oh yeah. Wow. And, and this is totally explains what Epstein was doing, and Yeah. Also Ghislaine Maxwell's father Robert Maxwell. Yeah. When he died. And didn't he die rather mysteriously?


I'm not sure. He fell off, he found dead off his yacht floating in the water. They claimed it was a heart attack. Of course. Just when he was coming under scrutiny for arms, dealing in connections with the CIA and being a massage agent, actually a double agent with Mossad and KGB, all of a sudden he's found dead floating next to his yacht. You know, and It happens all the time. Oh Yeah. It's just, yeah. Yeah. Just one of those things. See what, What, but a ton of Mossad agents, and I think a former Prime minister of Israel attended his funeral. Yeah. So it's got guys, hey, maybe It's like, You know, you just, it's very difficult that they find out the hard way to cover up the truth. 'cause it's gonna leak out, you know, somewhere. And it's good investigative journalists and, and people like yourself that look for those leaks and then start digging, which is what we have to do because we're being lied to constantly.


Our government has not changed since Pearl Harbor. It is the same, the CI is the same at the upper levels. They're doing the same kinds of things. I was an agent on William Casey's detail, and one of my posts was in his house and just underneath where he was sleeping. And we, we'd have to, we were protecting him. And Eddy had a price on his head. So we were intimately next to William Casey's there and in his office. And when we were driving in the motorcade, but none of us knew that Casey had done an operation to kill a suspected imam by planning a car bomb outside the mosque and setting it on a timer. Well, the imam that they, that they claimed was a terrorist, came out near the car bomb.


But one of his patrons said, asked him a question. So the Imam turned around to go back, but the timer was already set, bomb went off, killed 64 women and girls at the girls school. And it turned out it was the wrong imam. Well, Casey was doing that. We, we were living in his house. We didn't know. 'cause we were not in that 20%. That's what I'm talking about. Because that's where the darkness is. And when, thank God Bobby Kennedy's in there now. And I hope the Trump administration now will start hacking away at that top 20%. And in, in Twilight of the Shadow Government, we call, I call me and Kent for reform of the CIA and removal of that covert operational power that it has to conceal. Its what it's doing through secrecy. I'll tell you one thing. The last Kennedy that wanted to shatter the CI I know and not l Vital tell about it.


So I they are, they are in e extreme danger, not just in, in the United United States, but from global powers, both, both Donald Trump and Bobby Kennedy. Without question. And it's, and I think it, it really is waking up the masses to this so people understand this and don't think that these events are random. Yeah. That offers protection to them in many ways, knowing that like, that you're not gonna run the same Operation Mockingbird and try to tell us that a random person tried to shoot Donald Trump. Like, we are going to speak about the truth. And you always know when you really have a ride to the truth because of the way the media attacks you. Yeah. Right. And the way that I've seen the media, once I started getting interested in this and the media attacking me, oh yeah, it's gotta be, I'm banned from Australia. I'm like, I've never committed a crime in my life. How do you get banned from a country you've never committed a crime in your life?


That is so ridiculous. It's just like, I'm on and I'm on the ADLs list. You and I'm going, okay. It's because I'm telling the truth. You are. And when you start speaking real truth to power Yeah, of course. The Mockingbird don't like it. No. They're sent down to try to destroy You intentionally. Yeah. Especially you, because you're coming out with the truth unvarnished. And there's no question about that. And of course, they've done the same thing with me, conspiracy theorists, rogue CI employee paranoid. Totally Crazy. We worked with him for years wacko. And we thought that he was so intelligent that he was a part of the 2%, but now he's a wacko. Yeah. But now he's a rogue wacko. You know, you expect that. And, and, you know, we should consider that a badge of honor. You know? I do. And that's why, look, I even put it out. I'm a conspiracy theorist. I'm my, I sell it. I couldn't care less. I love that. I'm like, yep, you got me. I know that you created the term and we're gonna go ahead and embrace that.


Yeah. Because we know exactly what you're up to. Yep. Okay. So now we have to do this thing. And I'm gonna ask you, and by the way, this, we're not reporting this to be fact, but like after I spoke to Judge Joe Brown about MLK, and he was, he was the judge in the case, and he was then being attacked by the feds. They shot into his house 15 times. Crazy for him to be telling the background of that. Yeah. And he was like, this is how they killed him. The FBI killed him. Here's the gun they used. They kept the guns. And it was incredible to hear him say it was on the show. But now we're gonna go back in time and I'm gonna ask you who you think did each of these huge events. Okay. The killing of MLK Jr. We were told that it was this random guy who happened to have a pa a couple of extra passports on him that day. Yeah. Is he the murderer of MLK Jr?


No, that was a CI operation. 'cause they considered him a dangerous communist. And, and both the FBI was bugging the, in churches where he was giving some of his speeches in churches. They were bugging the podiums and following him around, he was a top target for elimination. So, and, and what, what the CIA does is CI spec specifically, and sometimes the FBI, there's always a boogeyman. And so always one person, well, this person did Osama Bin Laden did it, so let's move on. We got him. So it's over, You know, they always have one person that's, that's their mo that's a scapegoat. We got 'em. The whole operation is over. We solved it now forget about it. And, and that was the case with, with Martin Luther King.


Same mo, they used that same MO over and over and over. Timothy McVay. He was the only one that Did thought about that. Timothy McVay. Yeah. Yeah. He was MK Ultra. And there were other bombs in the building that, that were reported initially and then deleted from the media coverage. And on and on and on we go, Okay, JFK, we are told that this guy just shot him. And then another guy Heroically shot the guy who shot the guy. And then as you learn in the chaos book, was visited by Jolly West while he was in prison. And then he was suddenly insane the next day when the judge saw him, who was involved. Do you believe the, the official storyline of how JFK was killed?


Absolutely not. For starters, is, have you read the book, the Secret Team by Fletcher Prowdy? Oh, I would recommend that book to everybody. Fletcher Prowdy had high level access in Department of Defense and, and CIA tickets, but they forgot to get him to sign a non-disclosure agreement. So when he saw all this, how they played, played all these things, he came out and he wrote the Secret Team. And in the secret team is his witness account of the JFK assassination. And there was a, a well-known CIA operator from Vietnam up until that point, named Edward Lansdale. And there's a photograph of, of the three mysterious men being walked by the sheriff in front of the, the de book depository.


And walking by them as one of them smiled was Edward Lansdale, well-known CI operative and Proud East, proud. He worked with him. He knew him, he knew what he looked from behind, he knew about the ring on his finger. And he identified Lansdale as a CI operative. George Bush made this mysterious phone call that day, claiming that he was in, he was in Dallas. Now George HW Bush longtime CI operative, although he tried to, tried to deny it. He all the way go, going all the way back to Cuban Missile Crisis. He was a CI operative. And when he was president, CI in the White House, AKA Iran Contra, and then they promoted him. So Edward Lansdale was there, there's no question about that.


Bush called in and said, I, I think something may happen today. And I don't know, I just wanted to warn you about it. I am in Wisconsin or wherever he said he was. He was in Dallas, Texas. And phoning in a fake phone call that day, Oswald without question, had been recruited by the CIA, sent over to Russia as to try to be a double agent and came back. Was he the only shooter? Absolutely not that CCI was then working with the mafia. And, and JFK had had fired a Alan Dulles, the Devil Incarnate, as we've called him. And Alan Dulles, he fired a Dulles. So Alan Dulles was having secret meetings with other CI officials that were now out of there, how to get rid of JFK because he was his arch enemy.


He fired him. This guy was a P Power hungry director. So they were having meetings on how to get rid of G-F-K-J-F-K rather. And so when the murder happened and the Warren Commission was put together, guess who was in charge of the Warren Commission? Alan D Alan Dulles, who coached all the CI witnesses as what to say, what not to say, and forbade some of the others from even testifying at all. They put the fox in charge of the hen house. I mean, come on. And then the questions they asked as, you know, were just absolutely ridiculous. So yeah, I think that was a CI I hit. They they may have employed some mafia connections to carry it out, because that was their mafia assassination program. Exactly. And LBJ was very involved in all that in Dallas.


And so he's, he was an evil man. He was an evil man. I, I believe he knew that he was gonna get shot because they wanted him in the position because they wanted to go to war every single time. They, they decide they want war. And what did LBJ do? Henry Kissinger, that they just went to town in Vietnam, went to town in Cambodia. I mean, they just, they just didn't stop. Yeah. And yeah. The murder of Americans not realizing that this is how things work. Yep. Okay. What about Pearl Harbor? Pearl Harbor Admiral Ace Lions, I don't know if you've heard of Admiral Ace Lions. I had a, a radio program program called The Intelligence Hour several years ago. And Ace had become a friend of mine because we were working on exposing Benghazi, and Ace Lyons was commander of the Pacific Fleet back during that time.


And I asked Ace Lyons about Pearl Harbor, and he goes, I am still angry to this day. And I said, why? He goes, because they knew the attack was coming, was coming. They knew where it was gonna happen in Pearl Harbor and when, and they, they told no one, and they let it happen on purpose. That, that's from the commander of the Pacific Fleet. I would say that's a pretty, pretty credible witness. So yeah. That, that was a false flag. And they've admitted that. They admitted they had the, they heard it was gonna happen, and, you know, how else were you gonna get Americans to be on the side of this war that had nothing to do with us. Exactly. You know? Exactly. And it's that, that mo's repeated on and on and on and on and up, up, up through Iraq, where the Pentagon even had the Pentagon Out Analyst program, and they were going on Fox News and all these generals that were recruited in this, in this propaganda effort going on pushing the Iraq War.


You remember on Fox News and others, there were these generals on promoting, well, that was a propaganda operation by the Department of Defense called the Pentagon Analyst Program. So this Is why you have to learn about Sigmund Freud and then behind him, Edward Berna and learn about the World War II propaganda. Yeah. Make people every day just see Germans as the enemy, enemy enemy. Then we have this big event happen and the boys sign up and they go to war and they get killed. And it's, it is, it is the exact same thing every time. It is, you know, remarkable intelligence failure. Now we're being dropped in. It's because we have a right to defend ourselves. It is. And we must get involved now with this war that has nothing to do with us. And now we're in the Middle East, which is nowhere near us, but we're, And so, which brings us to nine 11, your opinion, My opinion.


A as a criminal investigator, as a former CI officer, nine 11 was not the act of a bunch of poorly flight trained terrorists that executed an unbelievably meticulous piloting of those aircraft. Even even pilots. There's, there's pilots for nine 11 truth now. And they say, we could not have done that. Experienced pilots could not have made those maneuvers not possible. And then we go to the passport issue and we go to the Tower seven, which was a controlled demolition. Obviously you talk to any structural engineer, and, and, and I, I have, well, that was a controlled demolition. I mean, did it was perfect. And then you look at the facts that just don't add up.


And the facts that were left out of, of the nine 11 commission report, and then the ridiculous claims they made the lack of air, airports, air, air, air, airplane parts, excuse me. No landing gear, no, no engines, which we talked about. So all of that put together, and the fact, I think George W. Bush blacked out, I think it was 40 pages of the nine 11 report dealing with Saudi Arabia. And the report came out, the nine 11 commission report came out, but those pages were blacked out and he refused to un redact them. So what, wait a minute. This report was supposed to be for the American people on what happened and that you blacked all these pages out. What in the world? I do not think that it was a bunch of un poorly trained or untrained terrorists that did it.


I think there was another source behind it. I think it was intentional. And I'm going just from a, a criminal invest investigative perspective, just looking at the evidence, what evidence we have that that was an intentional act and it would fall right into the MO that you and I are talking about horrible event. Because the human life does not matter to the shadow government deep state, or especially the CIA, it does not matter their pawns on their chess board. They don't care that 3000 people were horribly killed that day. But it achieved the aim of gutting the US Constitution, bringing in the horrific Patriot Act, giving the CIA unthinkable authority for secret PRI prisons and torture beyond wa water boarding and, and secret renditions in all of that, the FBI, the ability to, to spy on Americans came outta the Patriot Act.


So it was the perfect national security state energizer that the Patriot Act was. And 70 of the congressmen and senators that read the Patriot Act didn't even read it. They just signed off on it without even reading the bill. So yeah, unbelievable. I mean, that's my view. And it just, it's My view as well, just factually,


The economy has been a major burden on the average American wages are flat, expenses are up, and it is very hard to manage to pay all the bills without using credit cards. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute no obligation phone call today to my friends And American Financing interest rates are finally coming down. So if you're constantly carrying a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If you get started today, you may not even have to make next month's mortgage payments. So call today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Yeah. I mean, you look at these things and you go backwards and, and you, like I said, it just follows that same mo every single time, horrific event, and then yes. Yelling at everybody. Don't even ask any questions of what we do next. Yes. If you do, you're a terrorist sympathizer, you know? Right. You simply, all you care about is defending the terrorist in, you don't care about your safety. And there, I think there was just one lone congressman who said, we absolutely should not be signing the Patriot Act. And Yeah. You know, the media came down him very hard. Yeah. How could you have this perspective? 3000 Americans have been killed. Again, that emotional conditioning to make us not even think about actually the probability that it's just, just an evil government that is willing to kill people to further its imperialistic aims, whatever that may be. Whether it's they want oil, whether they want more land.


And so I'm hopeful that people wake up to this because now that I am very aware of this pattern, now that I have confronted the evil of our government, I am deeply fearful, as you said, for Kennedy and Trump Me too. And recognizing that if you're talking about coming up against the deep state, the deep state is, is quite the enemy to come up against because they have killed presidents, in my view. And they agree they will kill as many Americans as it takes to retain their power. And I, I agree. I think we have the right team to do it. I think even having it be Kennedy with the history of the Kennedys Yeah. And Trump and his ability to just keep going, like, you know, it's remarkable. It is remarkable that we, we really do have this chance, and at the same time, people waking up to what the mainstream media is. So Operation Mockingbird is failing.


Yes. Which for the first time, it doesn't work anymore. Yeah. So they can keep that operation going. Yeah. It's good for, it's good for business for me. That's right. It is. It is. So, I mean, it's so encouraging. Yeah, It is. It's very encouraging. And so now you can hear them starting to have the conversation of we've gotta get a handle on these podcasters Yeah. With their misinformation. And Let's go ahead, make our day, Make our day because the people are awake. Yeah. Okay. Give everybody the name of your book and where exactly they can find it. Guys, this is a must read. You absolutely must read this book. It, it's called Twilight of the Shadow Government, How Transparency Will Kill The Deep State. I wrote it at some risk because the CI blacked out redacted information in my last book from the Company's Shadows that was unclassified violation of executive order 12 3 56.


It's a felony. And So I knew that in this book, they were gonna either redact the majority of the revelations that, that we write about or sit on it for a couple of years. So I gave it to the CIA and let them have it for three months. There's an old law that said they have to get it back to you in three days. They'd never abide by that based on constitutional freedom of speech, but they never abide by that. So I let them sit on it for three months and, and after three months, Kent Hecken Lively, my courageous co-writer, we said, all right, I, they, they asked me for approval, can we send it to the publisher, publisher? And I said, do it. So we sent it to Skyhorse and published it before the CIA approved it. And it's the only way I could get this out.


I took some personal risk, which I'm glad to do because it's so important. We don't know what the CI is gonna do, whether they're gonna try to take my royalties from the book, which they usually try to do. I mean, I'll, I've already been threatened, poisoned, broken into. It's like, whatever, you know? But I, someone had to take the risk to do that. Finally, to expose what the CIA is. Where can people go to support you, aside from buying the book? Like, is there anywhere where people can go to just support you in general? Because I just think that when you see someone like this, who's actually, 'cause actually it's funny that you say Skyhorse published it, because when my publish when my producer first said, do you wanna get the guy on? I instantly went, okay, is this gonna be a limited hangout, limited hangout when like, you know what I'm talking about the, the CIA allows people in the CCIA to come out.


Yeah, I know. I Get that a lot. And pretend. And then when I saw that Skyhorse was publishing, I said, oh no, this means that they, like the, the publishers will not publish his book. Yeah. And he's, he has to go to a more independent type of publisher because I'm dealing with that same thing. They won't, they, they're not, I'm not allowed to publish my book anywhere. Yeah. Even though I had a New York Times top selling first book, they basically go, oh no, no, no, this girl can't be published anymore. So when I saw that, I said, oh no, this guy's the real deal. They're obviously closing doors on him. Intentionally. Yeah. And I violated my NDA. Yeah. And no C officers ever done that before. We gotta support you and we gotta make sure people know your name, know what you're doing. Yeah. And so, yeah. Thank anything shady happens to this guy. We all know who did it. Yeah. Yep. But where can people just go to support you in general? Well, there's my YouTube channel. Okay. Kevin Ship one. And, and most of my videos there are free, I'm on Twitter now x it's at Kevin Ship, and I post things about this regularly, or they can find me through Skyhorse.


And the, the book Twilight of the Shadow Government is a mission for me. I don't know if I'm gonna be able to keep my royalties. I have some. If Not, please start a go, not a GoFundMe, give, send, go. Yeah. Yeah. And with a Christian company, give, send, go. And we will support you because we are, I'm like, you know, we are. And it's, it's just funny that you're Christian because I have just felt this is the Christ King Year and agree Christ is, is truth the way that you, you, you must just follow the truth and be willing to face the consequences. Yeah, definitely. I have done that this year. And it's just funny to hear your background story. Oh, I, my life got saved because people were praying over me. I've left the Ccia A because a woman randomly said, do you know about Jesus Christ? Yeah. And here you are. Yeah. And you realize why they, why, why you were saved when you were young.


Yes. Why you were chosen to go through ccia. A you weren't chosen by the ccia. A I believe you're chosen by the Lord to do that. Yeah, I agree. And 'cause he wanted you to see it upfront so that you could have, you know, the, you would be able to speak to the public about what we are actually confronting. And you have survived the poison. Even you've got like a lot of lives going on here. Yeah. The cat. Yeah. And so in every capacity that we can support people like this, you guys, I am like, we've gotta do it. This is what the people that are just trying to tell the truth. So If you do start to give, send, go, if they try to take your royalties, please email us. We will be the first people to be like it. And that's what I don, I've been, I'm knocked off of YouTube. I can't make any money on YouTube. And so we turn to locals. Yeah. And people, $1 a month, month, the people are doing this.


We exist because of the people. That's the way to do it. It's the best way. I don't care about the publishers, I don't care about any of that stuff because it's the only way to do it. We are creating a network of people that know that Christ is king and that the truth wins the end. Amen. And amen. We just have to keep going. My wife Sue, has set up a GoFundMe page. So we'll see what happens. Tell, Go to give, send, go, please. Okay, I'll do that. Yeah, we'll Do, yeah. Tell her to go to Give, send, go. And If you send it to us, we will. Okay. Will do. Tell people to support you guys. And they will trust me, my audience. They're hardcore awesome. They don't care what the media says. They actually like it. Like I said. Yeah. The media calls you a conspiracy theorist. Oh, that's awesome. They're like, we can trust them. And we, you know, they probably will come after my royalties. We, I know that in advance. Whether they're gonna try to say there's something classified in this book, let's get 'em for that.


Well, I was a classifying authority. I know it's classified and what's not. They can try to make that accusation. I don't think they will. Because there is the possibility that they don't want publicity for this book. 'cause no CI officer has ever done this before. And it does not make them look good. So we'll see. We'll see what happens. Ladies, Gentlemen, we are going to include the link to his book below. We're gonna hope and pray that the, they don't take his royalties, but if they do, thank you. Who cares? Because we are, we are bigger than the ccia A We are. That's right. That, that is the reality. There's more of us than there are of them. And hopefully there are some CIA agents watching this that are getting the clue here. Like, you know, you're working for people that don't really care about you, so why don't you join? Join the people. Join the Freedom, join the Truth movement.


Kevin, I cannot tell you, it has been such an honor to have you. Same here. Like these are the conversations that just enrich me, enrich my audience, help us to learn and grow, and remind people that the truth team is winning. That's right. I really do believe that. Amen to that. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks for having.