
Alright, happy Thursday. And step aside, XOs, I am back on YouTube. Yeah, I know somewhere right now. Rabbi Schmoley is crying, crying his eyes out. Actually what he is doing right now is selling butt plugs, literally and using my name on X. But here is the lesson, you can't stop me because my followers are built different. The whole she's unhinged bit did not work for them. Now we're trying the financial terrorism bit that doesn't seem to be working. And there's also something that I've noticed. Okay, so virtually every person that the media insists on telling us is crazy. I mean, I'm talking about from Michael Jackson to Kanye to Tom Cruise at one point. Well, their words are aging very well.


I'm going to take you guys through some incredible clips of unhinged people from yesteryear. And like I said, they're aging like fine wine. On that note, by the way, Hayden Penate, remember that sweet little girl from, remember the Titans? Oh, look at her. She was so cute. Such a great little actress. Never ends Well for a lot of these young child actresses, she's trending right now. People are enraged that People magazine published an interview that they recently did with her. And I'm going to let you guys be the judge of who is in the wrong. Plus we have a small update for you regarding Lebanon. Some people have come forward to say that the American University in Beirut, they were asked to turn in their pagers for an upgrade.


Meaning that maybe they got a warning that those pagers were going to explode. We're going to discuss those rumors and plus more ridiculous anti-Iran propaganda to convince us that the war that the elites have already planned in their boardroom is completely justified. All that coming up on Candace. All right, so the obvious question is, what did I learn while I was in YouTube timeout? And the answer is, I learned absolutely nothing.


Genuinely. I sat down and reflected. I was like, I'm learning nothing. And I'm wondering if now my children, when I put them into timeout, if they're seemingly sitting there and just being like, yeah, no, mom not learning a single thing, it was not an effective strategy at all. In fact, more than anything else, I was interested. I was very interested in exactly which videos were pulled down because these became the dogs that were not barking. you know what I mean? Why did they target these videos in particular for such ridiculous reasons? And of course the, the big one was the Kanye one, but also you should know, they removed my interview almost at a million views after a couple of days with journalist Xavier Ard, the journalist that broke the story, that Brae Macron was born a man and lived as a man named John Michel Trino.


And he spoke a lot about a pedophile ring. Why would YouTube remove that for dangerous conspiracy theory? A harmful conspiracy theory. Who's the judge of what's a conspiracy theory and what's a fact? Who has to acknowledge the fact for it not to be a conspiracy? And like I said, the episode with ye where he's completely calm, what's really interesting is all of the interviews that ye did when he was all hyped up and angry and screaming and ranting, like the one with Pi Morgan, all of them are still up. But this one, when I sat down with him and he was completely calm and speaking about Hollywood, he spoke about the tabloids, he spoke about the people who quite literally tried to convince him that he was crazy, gave him a fake diagnosis, and then fed that diagnosis to TMZ.


He spoke about handlers in particular that were there to try to convince him that he was crazy. Why would that be taken down? Let's actually start there because that got me thinking. and I was watching rewatching that interview to see what it was that would've triggered people to get it pulled down. and I suddenly remembered that Dave Chappelle is not the first person to have said that exact same thing. I mean, Kanye West was not the same person to have said that exact same thing. In fact, Dave Chappelle said it before Ye did that exact same narrative. Dave Chappelle notoriously took a break. We were told that Dave Chappelle was crazy. I think we were even told that he was bipolar.


He had definitely had something going on when he went away. And then he came back and he sat down with Oprah and he spoke about handlers. He spoke about people offering him $50 million, which he decided to turn down. When he recognized that these handlers were controlling him, he claimed that he was being used by them and manipulated by them and that they had lied intentionally and told the press various things about him that were not true. One such example he gives is that they told the press that he had pneumonia and then they tried to convince him to go along with that narrative to confirm the lie. And he said, no, I'm, I'm not gonna confirm that lie. They also told the public that he was suffering from writer's block when he was just trying to take a break because he had realized that he was maybe doing a deal with the devil.


And he wonder what's most compelling about that interview they did with Oprah back in 2006. He also says that they tried to convince him that he was crazy. Take a listen The whole time. They're trying to convince me I'm insane. They were trying to get me to take psychotic medication. Yeah, like I'm sitting around, you know I was stressed out. But the people that were telling me I was insane, I believed that they knew what was going on. Very interesting. So yay says that there were handlers that were trying to drug him and to tell him that he was insane.


In fact, they did end up drugging Yay. In a hospital. And now Chappelle is saying that the exact same thing almost happened to him. And the media has told us that both of these men are crazy. And guess what? The year before that clip aired, Tom Cruise was also maimed in caricatured in the press. We were told that he was crazy, that he was a little loony after he sat down with Matt Lauer and said this, Here we are today where I talk out against drugs and psychiatric abuses of electric shocking people, okay, against their will of drugging children with them not knowing the effects of these drugs.


Do you know what Adderall is? Do You know Ritalin? Do you know now that Ritalin is a street drug? Do you understand that? The difference is this was not against her will though. But this wasn't asking your question mad. I'm asking you a question. I understand there's abuse of all of these things. No, you see, here's the problem. You don't know the history of psychiatry. I do. All it does is mask the problem. Matt and If. you understand the history of it. It masks the problem. That's what it does. That's all it does. You're not getting to the reason why there is no such thing as a chemical imbalance. I'm saying that drugs aren't the answer. That these, these drugs are very dangerous. They're mind altering anti-psychotic drugs.


And there are ways of doing it without that. So that we don't end up in a brave new world Mind altering anti-psychotic drugs. Speaking about the history of psychiatry. You don't know the history of psychiatry says to Matt Lauer, why? Well, If, you could pinpoint the exact moment If. you could literally trace it to one episode in which I started dealing with a full media firestorm of attacks. When the media turned on Candace Owens, it was when I dove into, and you can look at this fact check this earlier this year, the history of psychology and Sigmund Freud, they went nuts. It's an untouchable area. You can't speak about it, but it's everything that you need to know.


You should deeply research Begin with Sigmund Freud. It is dark, it is disturbing and it is religious so far as it is like the antichrist. And it's all real. It's right in front of your face. Very deeply disturbed sexual, perverse individuals turned philosophy into what I believe is a fake craft of psychology. Almost a form of witchcraft, which then became down the line. Sigmund Freud's family, like I told you, created propaganda. that is Edward Bernay's, his nephew. And the effects of that are what we are seeing today. Propaganda psychology, mass psychosis implemented upon the world via the media.


So they control, they control these handlers that take over Hollywood. They insist these handlers on controlling every single person in Hollywood because Hollywood is the vehicle. It is the vehicle in which they can modify our behavior. We worship celebs, right? We follow celebs, we follow celeb trends, And. so these handlers have to get celebs to behave in a certain way. In that same interview, crazy Dave Chappelle recalled being peer pressured by handlers to do something very odd to wear a dress. Take a listen to this. I mean, I'm a conspiracy theorist to a degree.


Like when I, I connect dots that maybe shouldn't be connected, don don't know. But certain dots, like when I see that they put every black man in the movies in a dress at some point in their career, I be connecting. Do like why all these brothers gonna wear a dress? This happened to me. It's the writer comes in. I think he's a writer. He is like, Dave, listen, you got this hilarious scene where Martin's sneaking outta jail. So he disguises you as a prostitute. He put this dress on and how mother prostitute, nah, I'm not doing that. don don't feel comfortable with that. That should have been in a discussion. What? You don't feel comfortable with it. I mean, it's a hilarious bit. All the greats have done it.


Very interesting because I mean, by the way, don't listen to him 'cause he's crazy. Kanye's crazy. He's crazy. Tom Cruise is crazy. And also I remember crazy drug addict. At least that's what the media says. Kat Williams similarly told us that he was being manipulated by the media when they tried to convince the world that he was a drug addict. But he insists that he had never touched that stuff. That he had never touched crack cocaine. And he also spoke out about this peer pressure for people in Hollywood to start wearing dresses. Take a listen to Kat Williams, speaking to Joe Rogan about that. You don't care how people feel about the ritual, it's about just following the ritual work.


Yeah, And. so you can fool yourself into thinking there isn't one, but the evidence will be clear. So like when I, when I was like, oh, oh, these guys are wearing dresses, everybody's like, oh, he keeps talking about people wearing dresses. No, it's not. that is a weird thing. It's not like that. Look at it from a different way. Look at it. Show me one person that ever wore a dress in Hollywood unsuccessfully. That's how you understand what a ritual is. Mm. So 20 years ago, I knew that transgenders was going to be a thing.


It wasn't because I was a prophet. It is just I had gotten so much information that I understood the pattern that things are secular. So I understood that the earliest I had seen that word transgender was bfat the transgender. Funny. He brings up bfat because there is in fact a religion that undergirds all of this. And like I said, my entry point for recognizing that was looking up Sigmund Freud. And until the media accepts and the school system rejects Sigmund Freud media accepting the reality about who he was, who his friends were, and what religious cult they were in.


And you should have a lot of questions about where you're sending your kid to school and what exactly and who exactly they are following in Hollywood. Don't be naive. So the question is, who do you choose to believe? Well, don don't know. A lot of these celebrities who are getting maimed in caricatured have been correct about a lot of things. Some of them. So way ahead of the curve. I mean, remember Jenny McCarthy? Yeah, don don't know if you know this, but back in 2009, the entire mainstream media apparatus came down on her when she told a story about her son Evan, who she took to get vaccines. And then he suffered, suffered a febrile seizure, which by the way is a warning as something that can happen on each and every one of the vaccine inserts.


She then publicly claimed that the vaccines gave her son autism Big No-no. Jenny McCarthy would not shut up about this. Take a listen to a conversation that she had with Larry King alongside her then partner Jim Carey Back in 1989, the shot schedule was 10 shots given 10 shots given When I was a kid. What did we get? Three, It's twice as many as anywhere else in, in 30 countries in the western world. But we give twice as many shots as any of those countries. Why is that? If it's vaccination and you're not against vaccination, right? Well what, what are you against? Don't vaccinate for this, but vaccinate for that. Yes. I think we have to choose which vaccin Do I know which necessary?


You should, you should educate yourself. We wanna empower parents to educate themselves. Do we need to have the chicken box? Do we need the hepatitis B shot on the second day of life? don? Don't think we can afford to assume that the people who are charged with our our public health any longer ha have our best interests at heart all the time. So what do you think guys? What do you think? Do you think all of these celebrities truly are, and I want you to go back and find these articles are crazy. Conspiracy theorists have lost their minds, need to be medicated with antipsychotics are dangerous. Gosh, Tom Cruise dangerous, Jenny McCarthy, dangerous what they are saying, Candace, Owens dangerous for YouTube.


I'm profiting off of conspiracy theories and hatred. Are they doing, were they doing the exact same thing or are we waking up to something? Here's the good news. I think we have reached critical mass. I think when you get to the point that they are now trying to manipulate the markets, trying to silence voices, and they are failing at that when they ban you off of YouTube and you are at the top of the Spotify charts because people know that they are being duped by the mainstream media, I think that's a good sign. I think that no matter what, you should be encouraged and maybe we should be thanking all of the crazy unhinged people for having the courage to say what is true.


And that's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


By the way, you guys some exciting news. We just launched our new store on Sticker Mule. It's packed with awesome Candace Owens merch including stickers, t-shirts and more. You can go to Sticker Mule dot com slash Candace and check it out. Right now a big portion of the sales goes directly to the Candace Show, supporting our mission to empower communities and promote free thought, not jailed thought to YouTube. So whether you wanna show your support or just grab some cool gear, we got you covered. Once again, you can go to Sticker Mule dot com slash Candace. Go check it out right now.


Alright, let's get to this Hay and Penate air story. Very sad. I actually have covered her on my show for a long bit and in my previous show as well because man, how they fall and it's, it's really interesting to understand that there is clearly something going on in Hollywood has been going on for a very long time. And there is no person that is more vulnerable to that demonic force than children. I I, I cannot believe any, any parent would want their child to be a child actress, given everything that we know about the beginning of Hollywood, the middle of Hollywood, everything that has happened in Hollywood since it was established. And Hayden Panier, like I said, was just adorable actress who wasn't, remember the Titans?


I mean that's what I know her from is one of my favorite movies. Love Denzel Washington. She was a really, really, really good actress and since having her baby suffered with really bad postpartum syndrome and she then went into rehab a couple of times because she had a very traumatic birth birth. It was a very sad story and she eventually lost her child to her. Then ex-husband, Vladimir Kko, or maybe it's her ex-partner, I'm not sure if they ever actually got married and her child went to live with her ex, which is a very unusual circumstance. The courts will virtually always award the child to the mother, but she just has really never gotten, I would say, back on the wagon since that birth.


So Hay and Pen did this interview with People Magazine. I'm gonna show it to you now and in the comments people were going absolutely insane. Take a look at this. She's beautiful. And she came just like me. I mean talk about nature versus nurture. I mean this little girl literally came out not just her face. I'm not getting video on this Like resembling mine. Oh there we go. but she is my personality, right? She just is. I saw her in her school play once it was, it wasn't, it was more of like a Christmas special thing and she was more concerned about directing the kid next to her in his steps than she was about what she was doing.


and I was like leaving this poor kid alone, like just do your stuff. And she's like, come on man, like turn around. What's wrong with you going like this in front of everyone? I was like, that's mine. That's my kid. Maybe she'll be a director. Yes, maybe she'll be a director. What do you guys think about that? I mean, the comment section was just explosive demanding that people take it down. Obviously pointing to the fact that she doesn't appear to be sober. Obviously we can say that allegedly, you know, she has been involved in a lot of scuffles over the years and it does seem that she is struggling with some sort of an addiction.


Now that could be, by the way, she could be a pill, she could have drank something. But the point is, is that she doesn't sound like she's clear and every single comment under was demanding that people take it down. And many people were upset saying, you know, why would they even allow her to do this interview? Why would they allow her to do this interview? Two ways of looking at this, okay, yes, there are handlers in Hollywood who are trying to get you out there and trying to make sure that you still have a career, which may have been where their heart was, is just trying to change the news cycle about her to present her as an an adoring mother. And obviously they would not have an indication, I don't think of how she was going to show up to this interview, but most people feel that she's just being taken advantage of and that she clearly needs to go away and to get sober.


and that it was irresponsible for people to have published this interview. Since this came out, obviously creating a firestorm, people reached out to people for comment. Page six, pardon Reached out to People magazine for comment and they did not hear back. But Pena Payden Penate tier's rep told page six that the actress was speaking about her brother for the first time he had, he had died. It was very emotional for her and it had been a long and exhausting day for her and that she was not under the influence. that is just not something that I believe to be true. They may not have known she was under the influence, but it, you are asking people not to believe their own eyes.


and I do think that this don don't know this, this sort of using celebrities when they're at their low point. It seems almost as though Hollywood encourages this. Like they get celebrities addicted to drugs because it's easier to control them. and that again goes back to what we were speaking about earlier with trying to get them onto anti-psychotics, trying to get them onto Xanax, encouraging them to do drugs because then you can manipulate them and you also know their weaknesses and you know, their vulnerabilities. Sobriety is a guard against being vulnerable to Dark Forces. It really is. And it's a, we have a society right now that doesn't encourage sobriety at all, but it's, it's one of the reasons why I do encourage it on my show because when you see these tragedies in Hollywood, you feel that they could be avoided if people had a, a spent a sense of spirituality, but also had their sobriety.


And it seems like that is just something that you never see in Hollywood. All, Right, guys, I really want to get into this Brazil story because it is really interesting to weigh it against what's happening to me in Australia where they are asking for my visa to be banned. I have to tell you the exact opposite thing is happening right now in America.


Before I do, I wanna tell you guys about Pure Talk because it's the cell phone company that I use. They only charge you for the data that you actually want for just $25 a month. You can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Verizon at t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need unlimited data so that they can overcharge you. But the fact is most of you are buying way more data than you will ever actually need. Do you know what you can do with just five gigs of data? You can browse the internet for 135 hours, stream 1000 songs, or watch 10 hours of video. So stop overpaying for wireless and get 5G coverage with Pure talk. Switching is so easy, there's no contract, no activation fee, and you can even keep your phone and your number. You just go to pure talk.com/owens against that. Again, that is pure talk.com/owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month of Pure Talk.


Okay, so in Australia you have lawmakers, a lawmaker I should say, that came out and was like, I'm looking for Candace's visa so we can stop her from speaking because it's very scary. A mom coming here speaking about her Christian principles and maybe speaking about why she doesn't vax her children and telling her entire story. and I, remember when this news hit hit the, I guess when this first hit the news, I was genuinely so shocked. I told some Australian podcasters that I felt like Alice in Wonderland because that could never happen in America. Like left or right. You wouldn't hear congress, people in Congress like proudly saying like, we're gonna ban someone's visa because we don't like the way they speak And. so when I saw this, this news article, which is that US lawmakers are currently demanding that a visa be banned for a Brazilian Supreme Court justice, I was just giggling because it's for the exact opposite reason.


So in case you're not following what's happening in Brazil for a short period of time last month, Brazil, they didn't ban X, actually X left Brazil because the government was insisting on being able to censor. And Elon Musk said, I'm not playing this game, I don't believe in this. I believe in freedom of speech, very similar to what Paval de Rob did On Telegram, you have these people who are saying, listen, I would rather walk away and pull my tech away entirely than to censor speech, speech or even to contour speech. You know, trying to insist that only certain narratives hit the internet. At that point, when you lose freedom of speech, you, you have lost your freedom of society. that is the reality. that is why I was so shocked and outraged by the idea of Australia saying we'd ban your visa simply because we don't like what you have to say.


Well, in Brazil, the people that are behind this are a lot of people, but one of them is a Supreme Court Chief Justice Alexander de Mares And. so our lawmakers, our conservative lawmakers, Rick Scott from Florida, Carlos Jimenez from Florida, Christopher Smith from New Jersey, and Rich McCort as well as Maria Elvira Salazar wrote a letter to Secretary Blinken and they wrote in this letter we write to express our deep concern over the alarming suppression of free speech being orchestrated by the Brazilian Supreme Court under the leadership of Chief Justice Alexander Demares, chief Justice has a well-documented history of curbing free speech, particularly against individuals and groups with conservative political views.


His latest actions represent a culmination of a broader pattern of judicial overreach And. so what they are asking, they write this in the letter, therefore we respectfully urge you to deny any application for United States visas or admissions to the United States, including revoking any existing visas for Chief Justice, Alexander Demares and other members of the Brazilian Supreme Court complicit in these undemocratic practices. Yes, America If, you guys are watching overseas. You wanna know why we're like rah, rah, rah, America, U-S-A-U-S-A. This is why, right? This is just such a fine moment. Like when our lawmakers speak out and they say we wanna ban someone's visa, it's because that individual doesn't believe in free speech.


Not the opposite way, not because they don't, we don't like the speech, like I said, unimaginable, I was super happy to see this. and I just was like, I just love this stuff. It makes me feel so proud to be an American and to sadly recognize that I would, I would think that there were so many things that we had in common with the Aussies and we do, by the way, the Australian people have been like gang gang about everything and saying how wrong it is. But to think that that has seeped into their government, quite alarming, quite alarming. Anyways, I'm still waiting for my visa to be approved and I will keep you guys posted on the application process. Also, if you're in Australia or New Zealand, there are very few tickets left. So If, you If, you wanna see me live and see what it is your government is trying to censor me and all of my, my mommy behavior, speaking to people and telling them about the values that I believe in.


Democracy and free speech. Head to Candace live.com au and you can get your tickets. All Right guys. Moving on. So we've been telling you how we're going to World War iii. It's already been planned in a boardroom. Get on board guys. That's what we're doing. It's like that mean girls thing. Like get in the car, we're going shopping. Like get in the car guys, we're going to World War iii. And it's so funny because the deep state, the intelligence agencies, which in reality what they try to do is just Operation Mockingbird, whatever they want us to think. Now they're just doing the Russia Hysteria playbook from 2016. Russia, Russia, Russia, Russia's hacking us. The Trump campaign is colluding with Russia.


Russia's doing this, Russia's interfering in our elections. Well they've just, they're taking that exact same script and they're doing it for Iran. It's incredible. It's literally the exact same script. Like it's like these people are just not even created. They can't create a new movie. So, you know, they were like Iran tried to kill President Trump even before we had any details. The like neocons and the war mongers, the military industrial class, the radical Zionists were doing videos like this could be Iran, this could be Iran. Yeah, that guy totally. The guy from Hawaii looks like he was really buddied up with Iran. What? Same thing when the first assassination attempt that Trump survived, the immediately the intelligent agency said, well, we had received some warnings from Iran.


Oh yeah, because that kid on the roof with the long hair totally looked like he was gang gang with Iran. I mean, it's a nonsense. So yesterday what was trending and people were just taking the bait on this, I I I don't know what to do with people anymore. They just, they just take the bait so easily. It was trending that Iranian hackers, let's just CNN look sent stolen Trump campaign information to people associated with Biden campaign. Iranian hackers sent this information, oh my gosh, how could they over the summer to Joe Biden's campaign, that is what federal law enforcement's officials said on Wednesday. And as we always know, our federal law enforcement officials never lie to us except for always, except the entire history of the FBI is them colluding to do awful things to the American people.


In fact, it wouldn't be a far stretch if someone suggested that they were a domestic terrorist unit given the history of the FBI. Like you can't find even five years where the FBI wasn't corrupt. They've been, their, their founding was corrupt. They've been corrupt hacking Americans, threatening Americans. It's like legalizing a gang. That's kind of what happened with the FBI. But let me stop because before I end up on their list, what's so rich about this, what's so especially rich is them claiming First and foremost, why would Iran hack the Trump campaign to give it to the Biden campaign that just like what information, that just feels so foolish, like give us more details here. So they're over there in Iran and we're like, yeah, let's just hack the Trump email database and like, oh, now we can see who they're emailing and we're gonna give that to Biden.


What, what sense does that make? It just seems like a remarkable waste of time, but they're just giving anything to make the American people step into the simulation that the war that they already have planned with Iran is just, is justifiable. Because now two assassination attempts maybe are linked to Iran and they can't tell us what that link is against Donald Trump. And now they're hacking his campaign. But I'm so old, I remember when it was our own government, the FBI that hacked the Trump campaign in 2016. I'm so old, I remember the Carter page scandal, call me crazy, but I I promise you it was our own government going to the FISA courts. And at that point is when we were in the Russia spell because this is before the Ukraine Russia thing that they were already planning very clearly.


And now you look back and you're like, Russia, Russia, Russia. Oh my god. Putin bad Putin Trump isud with Russia because they were already planning to poke the bear. 'cause they want war with Russia and they want war with you with, with Iran. And it's planned and it's scheduled And. so it's just such a nonsense to see this stuff. And it does make me laugh because I guess in a, in a prior life I was just so asleep to it and I would've read these headlines and believed it. But now I just see like the wars are decided in boardrooms and then the instructions are handed out by the state of how to convince the American people to get on board with the war. It goes right back again when you learn about propaganda, when you learn about Edward Berna, when you learned about how they manipulated us and they use Hollywood even like every movie you saw growing up, the bad guy was German.


There was a reason for that. There was an an actual reason that you arbitrarily feared a German accent. They, they know how to manipulate you. Even in the television shows like the propaganda of Netflix, who are the bad guys? Always? Well post nine 11, it's always a Middle Eastern guy. They dropped the German thing and now it's like the Middle Eastern guy because we just keep blowing up people in the Middle East. So they have to convince us that they are the terrorists even as we just keep killing innocent women and children by, by the millions in places like Iraq. Anyways, enough about that.


I tell you guys about American Financing because we know that the Biden Harris economy has been a major burden on the average American. The wages are flat, the expenses are up and it is very hard to manage to pay all of the bills without grabbing the credit card. If you're a homeowner and you're frustrated with that cycle, I need you to make a 10 minute call no obligation, you can call my friends at American Financing 'cause interest rates are coming down and are now in the low fives. If you're constantly carrying around a credit card balance each and every month with a rate in the twenties, American Financing can show you how to put your hard earned equity to work and get you out of debt. Their salary based mortgage consultants are saving their customers an average of $800 a month. And If, you get started today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. So call American Financing today at eight seven nine five twelve ten. Again, that's 8 7 9 5 12 10. Or to make it easy, you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing net slash owens.


Okay, so this is going around. I will say that I guess there hasn't been a confirmation, there's been a statement and that statement doesn't really dissuade the interest that people have in the story, but obviously everyone is speaking about the pager scandal. But the pager turned, walkie talkies exploding in Lebanon turned also, I'm hearing solar panels were exploding and we're not sure exactly how that happened. And there's been this question of whether or not America knew about it because we send billions of dollars to Israel. Is America somehow involved in trying to keep its hands clean? In fact, Skyler, do we have that clip of the press conference in Egypt?


Okay, well there we, there was a press conference and I believe it was Anthony Blinken saying we, we know nothing about it. America has no idea. We're following reports and we're seeing what's happening. Well, quite interestingly, a daughter of somebody of a doctor, a daughter of a doctor that works at the American University of Beirut said that her father was told to hand in his pager 10 days before the attack at the American University in Beirut, which would be a very interesting timeline. And this started going viral on X because people are going, okay, so some people obviously knew and some people that are connected with America clearly knew that these pagers were compromised.


So the American University of Beirut had to release a statement to combat this. And this is their statement. They're denouncing the rumors as conspiracy theories about the types of communication systems that a UB has in place attempting to link this tragic event. Now they said this, this is where it gets interesting. Our paging system infrastructure was upgraded in April of 2024. The go live for switching to the new system took place on August 29th, 2024. The scope of this upgrade was to enhance emergency and code communications as several devices and systems had become obsolete.


Okay, so was she lying? Did so did are you saying like, yes, we did an upgrade on August 29th and that upgrade, I would imagine if it's a beeper pager system, would have required them to hand in their pagers. And you're just saying essentially you're calling it a conspiracy. 'cause you're saying like, we just happened to do this. Okay, fine, but it it's a interesting development. You are not denying anything that the girl has said. You're not denying that you changed your infrastructure. And by the way, what's you, you even wrote here that your paging system infrastructure was upgraded five months ago.


Well what did we learn? We learned that it was five months ago that the masad interrupted the supply chain of Hezbollah beepers. So your timeline is suspicious whether you, whether there's something there or not. And it really is just a coincidence. It may be a coincidence, but the timeline is pretty precise. That's all people are saying on the internet. I'm just pointing to what people are saying on the internet that is interesting. And of all the places it would be American University, don don't know. I don don't believe a single word that comes out of the mouths of the American intelligence agencies. I don't trust Anthony Blinken as far as I can throw him in. Quite frankly, I can't even lift him up if we're being honest.


So I, I don't trust this guy. like I said, I believe that the, the war is planned with Iran and it's gonna be the strategy of kind of poking, poking, poking. And then there's going to be a response to that. And the next thing you know it's gonna be World War iii. And as I showed you guys yesterday, I very much subscribed to what Putin said about this being something that is monetary. That everything else is just noise. It's because of the establishment of bricks. It's because countries are turning away from the US dollar because the US dollar has become a form of thuggery to get people to kowtow, to arrest a western narrative. you know, do this or else. So people are turning away from the petro dollar. Iran turned away from the petro dollar as I showed you yesterday, back in 2008.


They said no more we, we are not gonna play your game anymore. And. so you've got Brazil and you've got Iran and you've got all of China and you've got these countries coming together and they are challenging the hegemony of the West. So what is the west gonna do? Well they need a world war. That's, that's the reality guys. We gotta, we gotta be frank about that. Alright, I am now going to get into your Super Chats. Now YouTube, I am going to honor Rumble in this way. I have decided that I'm going to read your questions. Ooh, wow, I love that we are 22,000 live on YouTube, you guys, I love you and make sure you share this video because YouTube will now begin throttling my content because I am still demonetized, I'm completely demonetized on YouTube, I can't make money here, blah blah blah.


Financial terrorism, we get it. I don't really care because I'm having too much fun. I love what I do and I don't do this because I wanna make money on YouTube. That was a nice bonus. But obviously I would rather simply tell the truth. Now to honor Rumble and wanting to build that platform, we are gonna do the question and answer segment every day on Rumble. But I will read your Super Chats YouTubers on Rumble, that link If, you wanna catch that? Just go into the description, the description, and you can find the rumble link. Hit the rumble link, subscribe on Rumble, and we're gonna cut over. I'm seeing you guys in the YouTube chat. We're gonna cut over to Rumble now and answer some of these questions. So I will see you YouTube tomorrow.


Love you guys. 22,000 live is just absolutely amazing. All right, all right, all right, let's read some of these comments. Hello Rumble. Sarah writes that Oprah needs to be exposed. Okay? I have seen tons of conspiracy theories about Oprah. I have not yet looked into them, so I'm gonna do that because I feel like the time is now. But I will say whenever you look at her old episodes, and I never obviously wasn't like I wasn't an Oprah fan. I mean like she just was a little bit before my time. She was exposing a lot like she was going into Satanic rituals. She was talking about satanic cults, she was talking about vaccines. She was introducing, you know, doctors that were fundamentally pro organic health and were not believing in all these vaccines.


Something clearly changed and now she seems like she's a part of the machine, but the old Oprah clips are absolute fire. Puffy poll writes, Canadian man spoke out about vaccines at a protest and now he's being criminally charged, facing six to 12 months in prison. Colin McDonald versus his Majesty the King, please help. Very dangerous. I think actually somebody also wrote me on my neck and spoke about that case. I will take a look into that. Rachel Rose writes, I'm so glad you are back live. It's sad how parents are so brainwashed to get their kids vaccinated. God gave humans an innate immune system to protect them against disease and infection. Agreed And the disease and the infection today is your government. So I'm a proud anti-Vaxxer, I really am.


I'm so proud of myself for being anti-vax and as I said to you guys, we might be delayed, by the way, in dropping the first couple of episodes. It, it's just a tech issue that we're having with the old files. We were going to drop those episodes of a shot in the dark onto locals tomorrow. If it does not go up tomorrow, please just give us until the end of the weekend or early next week because we're in the process of of trying to locate or or get the full package of those files. Next person Gideon writes, sadly, free speech isn't free on social media. We love you Candace. Nope, it is not free. But I'm like I said, happy to be demonetized. As long as I get to tell the truth I to get paid to lie, that ain't for me. That ain't the life that I want.


XR 40 writes fact is that Cruz might be one of the least crazy people in Hollywood. Yeah, I mean listen, I don't like the situation with his daughter that he was completely removed from her life. We obviously dunno the specs of it, but you know, I am not comfortable with the daddy absence thing that seems to be obvious between him and Surrey Cruz since they left the Church of Scientology. But what I will say is that he is on the money and I do know that one element of Scientology, which is by the way, another religion that I would like to explore. I wanna do this whole series where I sit down and find out what it is people believe. Like I wanna sit down with a Mormon, I wanna sit down with a Scientologist. I wanna sit down with a Hasidic Jew and really prod what it is that they believe.


'cause theology rules the world. God know what people actually believe and then you'll understand the way that they think and their contributions to the world. That's what I think. Anyways, back to Cruz and his Scientology I know one element of Scientology is that they are very averse to psychotics and drugs and they, there have been a lot of people who were drug addicts and became Scientologists and got clean and for whatever reason the mainstream media really hates all Scientologists. Which is weird because only because I've never heard of like a Scientologist like walking into a school and shooting it up and So it. It just was like a lot of people attacking Scientology with out of nowhere. and I think it might have to do with land.


I think the government hates Scientology because the Scientologists actually own a ton of land, which is interesting. But I know nothing about them. We'll look into it in the future. Sac Seal writes, hi Candace from Israel. I am so glad that I have got people from Israel watching this show. Hello S Seal. It is so good to see you. Jessica Torres writes, hi. Hi Candace. I love your content. I hope you see this. Can you deep dive the election, specifically the A, B, C whistleblower? Please, God bless you in my prayers. Yes, I have been staying away from election content. You may have noticed because I'm quite bored with it. I do feel that it's a bit theatrical, it's a bit rehearsed and that there, it's now kind of being occupied by, and I hate to use this word like so many grifters, but I just, there's something about it that just feels so forced and unreal to me.


And I'm getting much more interested in psychology theology and understanding the, the way our human behavior is being modified. Like I'm just not into it as much as I was before. But I do obviously cover things when they're funny or when they're interesting. So maybe the a, b, c whistleblower thing might rank as something of interest. Play it out. Writes, hi Candace, can you look into 23? And me, the Israeli company that deals with DNA and is owned by the Riki sisters, I say saying their names wrong and it's weird that I'm saying it wrong. 'cause those, that's that YouTube girl who are heavily involved in YouTube and Google, they gave all the DNA data to Israel. Listen, I never did it because as soon as you start telling me that I gotta like swipe, I mean I, I really think that Covid forcing everybody to go up their noses and stuff that they we're collecting and putting our data into somewhere and it very much deeply concerns me.


'cause I think with that they can start to target viruses at people and to make certain groups of people sick, just, just knowing their DNA, knowing that something will impact a certain group of people more than other groups of people. But you guys know me, I'm a good old fashioned conspiracy theorist because I think our instincts have been proven right and 23 and me always registered to me as shady. Next mood swing. Lastly writes, I wish you'd talk to Nicki Minaj. She's been outing this stuff for years and they're trying to take her down. She needs a platform with a smart journalist to ask the right questions. I would love to talk to Nicki Mache. Nikki If, you are watching this. Come onto the show. Let's talk about everything, everything going on in your life.


I do have a bi bias. My former executive producer pointed this out to me that I have a bias when it comes to Caribbeans because my family's part Caribbean from St. Thomas. And she is right. She's abs, she absolutely is correct. So Nikki Minaj, I am biased in your favor. And if you'd ever like to come on to speak about anything ranging from Hollywood to politics to what you have seen in the industry, it is an open invite. All right, you guys, thank you so much for supporting the show. It's, it feels good to be back on YouTube and not care about the fact that they demonetized me. And it feels good that we're at the top of the Spotify chart and I'm eternally grateful to you guys for sticking with me despite all the media hits against me.


We'll see you guys tomorrow.