
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear. $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now here's a good number. 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Alright, you guys. Happy Wednesday, but a little bit of terrible news 'cause I just realized that we only have 10 episodes left of the podcast before I go on maternity leave, and I'm sad about that. I'm also somewhat concerned because who's going to look at look after my cousin Justin Baldoni while I'm away? I'm concerned about that. Speaking of my cousin, a couple of updates which we will run through today. The actor from it ends with us who was name checked in Blake's CRD filing, the initial one for having in part of the trauma of her birthing scene While he has just spoken out, it's good for Justin, of course. Also Harvey Weinstein speaks. He's thanking me and Joe Rogan for speaking about his case and he also shouted out Justin Baldoni, my cousin's bravery is leading the way and Harvey has some regrets.


I'll tell you what he said. Lastly, house in habits. Jessica Reed is back at it. She's claiming that me and Ian Carol are going after her and I'm a little tired of her gaslighting and lying to the people that subscribe to her. So I'm just going to allow myself to fully call her out for who she represents herself to be on Instagram versus who she is in public and in private. So let's get started. Welcome back to Candace.


All right, let's just start with an open threat. Anyone that comes for Justin Baldoni while I'm on maternity leave, anybody who picks on my cousin is going to pay for it dearly when I return. Okay? He is off limits, so do not do it. Now that I've gotten that off my chest, we do have a couple of updates that are working it's way in his favor in the courtroom. It starts with the infamous traumatizing birth scene, or at least it was traumatizing for Blake when she was just kind of, you know, saying whatever. Just really just writing, I don't know, fantasy series in her CRD complaint to make it seem like she was harassed on set. It was hard to do that. It's really hard to just make up stuff like that.


I wanna first remind you what Blake claimed in that initial filing because I feel like with the passage of time, we sometimes forget how utterly over the top and dramatic and dishonest she was and her descriptions about absolutely everything. So in the initial CRD complaint that was filed in California sections 35 through 37, she claimed this, okay, quote, on the day of shooting the scene in which Ms. Lively's character gives birth, Mr. Baldon and Mr. Heath suddenly pressured Ms. Lively to simulate full nudity. Despite no mention of nudity for this scene. In the script, her contract, or in previous creative discussions, Mr.


Baldon insisted to Ms. Lively that women give birth naked and that his wife had ripped her clothes off during labor. He claimed it was not normal for women to remain in their hospital gowns while giving birth. Ms. Lively disagreed, but felt forced into a compromise that she would be naked from below the chest down. When the birth scene was filmed, the set was chaotic, crowded, and utterly lacking in standard industry protections for filming nude scenes such as choreographing the scene with an intimacy coordinator, having a signed nudity writer or simply turning off the monitors so that the scene was not broadcast to all the crew on set and on their personal phones and iPad.


Mr. Heath and Mr. Baldoni also failed to close the set, allowing non-essential crew to pass through. While Ms. Lively was mostly nude with her legs spread wide and stirrups and only a small piece of fabric covering her genitalia. Among the non-essential persons present that day was Wayfarer co-chairman, Mr. Sorowitz, who flew in for one of his few set visits. Ms. Lively was not provided with anything to cover herself with in between takes until after she had made multiple requests. Ms. Lively became even more alarmed when Mr. Bald introduced his best friend to play the role of the O-B-G-Y-N, when ordinarily a small role of this nature would be filled by a local actor.


His lively felt that the selection of Mr. B's friend for this intimate role in which the actors face and hands or in close proximity to her nearly nude genitalia for a birth scene was invasive and humiliating. Lastly, to add insult to injury, Mr. Heath approached Ms. Lively and her assistant on set and started playing a video of a fully nude woman with her leg spread apart. Ms. Lively thought he was showing her pornography and stopped him. Mr. Heath explained the video was his wife giving birth. Ms. Lively was alarmed and asked Mr. Heath if his wife knew he was sharing the video, to which she replied, she isn't weird about this stuff as if Ms.


Lively was weird for not welcoming it. Ms. Lively and her assistant excused themselves stunned. Mr. Heath had shown them a nude video. Wow. Wow. You forget how dramatic it was. Terrifying. It was nudity. She inviting people, open set crew's walking by, she's naked, she's in stirrups. I feel like I'm being tossed back to the 1920s here. It's terrible. The whole thing is terrible when you read it like that. And the one thing I really do love about Blake Lively is that she does not allow facts to get in the way of a good time. Like she was having fun when she collaborated with the New York Times and her lawyers on this piece and this kind of dramatic retelling because then when we were totally taken out of her fantasy, when Brian Friedman introduced the facts, things got a little different.


Things changed very quickly. And the really unfortunate part about his facts that he presented is that we don't get to use Ryan Reynolds wild imagination because there's apparently footage, high quality film footage. Because remember that part where they were shooting a movie folks? Yeah. They have all the footage of what actually went down. And so Brian fired back and clarified that one, Steve Sorrow witch was absolutely not present when the birthing scene was filmed. Also, Blake Lively was never even naked and they debunked that beginning at paragraph 83 in their amended complaint when they wrote back Blake Lively's demand as written suggests nude or intimate scenes were filmed with a non-essential personnel present.


Later in her complaint, lively alleges that during a a scene, the birthing scene, she was mostly nude with her legs spread wide in stirrups and only a small piece of fabric covering her genitalia that there were non-essential persons present. This allegation is knowingly false to begin with. To describe Lively as mostly nude and naked from below. The chest Down is dishonest. Lively was wearing black briefs in a pregnancy suit that covered her midsection and her top was covered by a hospital gown. Her legal complaint deliberately suggests that she was wearing a small piece of nude fabric glued around her genitalia by stating this is generally what female actors use to provide some minimal privacy without disturbing the shot, leaving the reader to believe that Lively was only wearing this small fabric.


Lively was aware of this birthing scene as she was heavily involved in writing, rather rewriting the script and gave creative input for this specific scene even against the director's creative vision. Moreover, film footage clearly demonstrates that the set was not chaotic as she alleges and only essential individuals, for example, film crew and talent were present for the scene and doing their jobs. Importantly, lively, knowingly and falsely alleges that the film's financier was present during these scenes insinuates that he was watching her nude, which he had no desire to do, he was not even on set during the filming of that scene. He arrived later merely stopping by for a brief moment amid his busy business schedule and was present during the filming in which Lively's character spoke with a female ob GYN doctor, a scene in which she was fully clothed.


By the way, I'm regarding Justin hiring one of his random friends to play the role of OB GYN, that allegation so that he could, I don't know, cop perverted luck. Oh, come on buddy, come over. It's Blick lively. She's nude. It turns out that the friend she's referring to was Adam Manchi and he is not such a rando after all. And now he's the one that's speaking out. Here is Adam Manchi. And check out this headline, A Daily Mail. Blake Lively hit with Shock Twist as co-star turns against her in battle against Justin Baldon. Turns out that Adam Monin, who played Dr. Dunbar in the movie, is actually a, an award-winning Shakespearean trained actor with an MFA that's a master of fine arts in acting from UCLA.


Oh, totally random guy. And in addition to appearing on numerous hit television shows, he's toured nationally with a Tony Award-winning acting company, plus attended Oxford's acting program regarding what he was on a full scholarship. So yeah, and in addition, he was also a local actor. So Adam has come out and issued this statement regarding Blake's claims. He says, quote, I am not going to speculate as to Ms. Lively's motivations for mentioning me in the complaint. Needless to say, my experience working with her is very different than the one that she described in her lawsuit. Indeed, I was surprised to read her description of the scene. Her costume included a full hospital gown, black shorts and torso covering prosthetics to make her appear pregnant in addition to whatever personal garments that she chose.


End quote. He also says that Blake quote never complained or express discomfort at any point because nothing unusual or improper occurred. It was entirely professional. Lastly, I was in fact a local hire. My wife and I are from New York and spend significant time there. As such, I like any actor accepting that contract was required to cover my own travel and living expenses in connection with the job end quote. And he had this to say regarding the upcoming trial. He's very much willing to share the truth under oath, telling the press, if I'm called to testify in the case, I will answer truthfully and more freely whatever is asked of me with all the legal protection at affords.


Yeah, I would say it's time for someone to check in on Megan Toy of the New York Times and someone actually did, it's tmz, her hashtag me too games seem to be coming to an end. It's really gross. I'm happy that this movement is coming to an end and that men are beginning to stand up for themselves. And even better by the way that women are beginning to stand up for men who are being harmed by what I perceive to be utter witchcraft in the press. It really is just a bunch of of witches coming together and saying, we can just take down this person as a sport because we have the sympathy of people around the world. Women who actually lived through sexual harassment and sexual assault in these experiences will just instantly believe us, even though what we are is we're just, we're just empowered and we're a-list and we can do whatever we want.


Basically a, it's like a female gang, a female hit squad, right? Speaking of which, Harvey Weinstein is inspired by Brian Friedman and Justin Baldoni taking on the New York Times. And perhaps actually he's explicitly saying that he regrets that he didn't pursue that same legal route. Well, it was a different time, obviously when stuff happened with Harvey Weinstein. He was the ground zero of the Me Too movement. But I want you to check out this headline that's coming from TMZ. It says, Harvey Weinstein has told Harvey Weinstein is saying that he feels for Baldon because the New York Times did the same thing to him. They cherry picked info to fit their narrative. And it was in fact Megan Toy. He told a reporter that watching Justin Baldoni take legal action against the New York Times and its reporters accusing him of manipulating communications and ignoring evidence that countered Ms.


Lively's claims hit me hard. It brought, it brought back everything I experienced when the Times reported on me in 2017, they did the same thing. Cherry picked what fit their story and ignored critical context and facts that could have challenged the narrative. I should have stood up and fought back then. I should have had the courage to speak out against the way the truth was twisted. That failure still haunts me. I'll be watching this case closely. It matters to anyone who's ever been on the receiving end of a media takedown and even more to someone who's had to pay a high legal price. End quote, TMZ then reached out to the director of communications over at the New York Times and also to Megan Toy herself. So far, Megan Toy is zipping it for once.


She's just going silent as she should because she's a hideous person who should have her Pulitzer Prize revoked because she earned a Pulitzer by lying. And I wanna be very clear again, as I am, every time I discuss the Harvey Weinstein case, it is not like Justin Baldoni. Harvey Weinstein definitively abused his power and he cheated on his wife. And so he is an immoral man, but he is also sitting in prison for something that I believe he did not do. I, I believe he had consensual sexual relations. And then the New York Times, along with some other hit journalists from other publications decided to cook up the Me Too movement and ignored what I view to be exculpatory evidence, which are the emails, the, the long-term relationships that he had with these women.


These women calling him love and dear and introducing him to his, their mother. I mean it's that the Jessica man thing is just so crazy to me that she would introduce him to her mother, something so intimate and under no pressure to travel the world on his dime. And we have to draw a line in the sand on the difference between what a sugar baby is and what a victim is. Okay? Because sugar babies are real. They find rich men, they find rich benefactors and they want them to bankroll their lives and they want them to get them into certain industries and to help them. And then there are people who are real victims of assault, who are asking for nothing, who were not there because they were looking for a trade up in life or looking for connections or because they wanted to meet a certain producer or a certain director.


They're not emailing people who have done horrific things to them, you know? And I'm just happy that we're able to foster that conversation and I like that we have two different examples of men, one being Justin Baldoni, who was just so innocent. And so one being Harvey, who definitely bears some blame because he wouldn't have been in that circumstance if he was not cheating on his wife, but who both share something that's really critical in common, which is that the media put a hit on them and were able to persuade the masses absent the facts, which could have transformed things for him. So Harvey's new trial is coming up, obviously we have been on that. He recently, at his hearing yesterday thanked me and Joe Rogan for amplifying support.


As his health is deteriorating, Harvey has leukemia, it, he could potentially die in prison, which is totally crazy. And fortunately that initial verdict was overturned by the appellate court. So he has a new hearing coming up on April 15th. And he had this to say at his reach at his before the judge the other day, he said quote, I wanna take a moment to sincerely thank Candace Owens for believing in me and helping me reach millions of new supporters and to Joe Rogan for amplifying that support even further. I'm going through a tough time right now. My health is not in a good place and the road ahead looks challenging, but the outpouring of encouragement has truly lifted my spirits. I'm holding onto that hope and I believe it's going to help carry me through.


It would just be insane if he died in prison for something that I don't believe he did it. I mean, like, it would just be crazy. And that's what I think we have to tether ourselves, that understanding that what happened here with Harvey Weinstein, like it was criminal. It could have been that way for Justin Baldoni. It was civil. But what if, what if she decided to make it criminal? What if it was a different time? What if it was the land of me too a few years ago could have made all the difference if people weren't more awake to the media manipulations? It's very scary to think that there could be people that are put in prison for things that they didn't objectively do. And hopefully with this entire series and everything that we've done with Harvey Speaks and us covering the Justin Baldoni thing, we are starting to give a voice to different sorts of cases that have that that should be reviewed.


Just plain and simple should be reviewed and we will jump back into the Harvey series, just the commands emails and the insane LA case that they got him on. That one is even crazier than the two in New York. It's, it's unbelievable. The court system is just unbelievable when it wants to deliver social justice and not real justice. And social justice is not real justice as I'm about to show you. By the way, as we get into the funniest few that's happening plausibly ever, I, I, I literally can't stop giggling and I, I'm, I'm just really gonna make fun of some people here who deserve it, you know, in a second.


But first I wanna tell you guys about Gold Co. Over the last month, we have truly seen how much wasteful spending the last administration was doing while the Fed has been working to reign in inflation. The broader economy is still feeling the effects, particularly in everyday items like food, housing, and healthcare. If you've been worried about your savings or retirement, it's time to take a look at diversifying your savings with Gold Co Gold has been recognized as a store of wealth for thousands of years. Unlike other assets, its value is not tied to the performance of any company or government making it less susceptible to the volatility of the financial markets. Gold Co has made buying metals very simple. They're huge supporters of the show and they're very good at what they do. Right now, you can get a free 2025 gold and silver kit jam packed with great information about buying precious metals. You could also qualify for up to a 10% instant match in bonus Silver. It's really a great deal, especially right now. So go to Candace likes gold.com to learn more. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


I've been telling you guys also about The Wellness Company. There's Ivermectin and Masol and there are two powerful anti pathogens. What's even more fascinating is that these medications are frequently used in oncology to treat cancer patients. They have anti pathogenic properties that stump the growth of harmful invaders and even have the potential to slow down abnormal cell growth. Do you know that over 60 million Americans have parasites? Yeah, that's pretty scary. They secretly invade your body, wreaking havoc on your gut, your energy levels, and even your brain and the mainstream medical system. They don't want you thinking about this because one great cleanse could change your life Wellness company has a solution for you. Ivermectin plus abend, isol FDA approved parasite solutions. Now combined in one cleanse combo, just fill out a brief medical intake form to get your three month supply. Lots of parasite cleanses are all over social media, but not the gold standard level. The Wellness Company is making hard to get medications digitally accessible so that you can live your best life. So head to twc.health/ CANDACE and use code Candace to save $90 off plus FREE shipping. That's TWC Health slash CANDACE and use code Candace.


Okay, you guys, I have hilarity for you. I really do it that, look, I told you many times that we are no longer a serious species. I'm sad to report that we are no longer a serious species. We just stop taking ourselves seriously. I hope that if I have made anything clear to you throughout this podcast, it is that one simple fact and there is no greater proof of that than what we have termed the woke Olympics. Okay? Now, in case you are not familiar with that event, you're not familiar with that means the woke Olympics. It's essentially people who bend over backwards to be considerate about certain things to the point that they're just like lying and willing to do bad things, only to find themselves completely ravaged by the very thing that they were being overly considerate about.


Okay? On the left it was definitely, you guys were very woke about race, very woke about racism during BLM. Like, I will do whatever, I just don't wanna get called a racist. And it didn't really matter 'cause you probably got called one anyways for something as ridiculous as like wearing your hair and braids. Next thing you know, you were cultural, cultural appropriation. HR was calling you down saying, why'd you put your hair in braids? Hey. And they were like, I don't, I thought it looked nice. Oh, you thought it looked nice? Hmm. I don't think you did think it looked nice, Jenny. I think there's something else going on. You're, you've, you're, you're racist on the right. We've kind of just like taken the baton and it is totally antisemitism, which just everyone's antisemite.


Yesterday we told you that the woke brigade, brigade had gotten so crazy on the quote unquote rights. It's really the neocons. It's, it's the same people on the left hand, the right they canceled Miss Rachel, who basically does Sesame Street for infants on YouTube, but she made the mistake of expressing grief for Palestinian children. Well, I haven't even grade her story for you today. I didn't think that we could top Miss Rachel. You know, we've gone from like Adolf Hitler. Then we came inward and we was like, no, Canice Owens. And then we went to said Miss Rachel. But by golly we've topped it. It's glorious because the speed at which I am being proven correct on these matters is deeply satisfying for me.


Last week, I got myself into trouble with people on the right because Trump endorsed eight very clearly morally contemptible man for Congress, simply because APAC wants him into office. Okay, that man's name is Randy. Fine. He's truly just on its face. He's a disgusting person. Just disgusting. Look at him, Randy, fine. And he's so disgusting that he doesn't even try to hide it. He openly mocks photos of dead Muslim babies on, on Twitter. These are real ex tweets from him. I'm just gonna show you a few of them just so you understand. Like this is who Trump got behind. Gaza must be destroyed period as if no humans live there.


Palestinian is a code ward for Hamas bombs away. He doesn't care. Kill every last Palestinian. It's great. Here's another one from him. Palestinian is just another word for demon. He's writing this. I just want you guys to try to flip that. We'll go back back to that one. Try to flip that. Imagine if I was running for office and I wrote, Jewish is just another word for demon. Jew is just another word for demon. Israeli rather be more precise. Israeli is just another word for demon. You would go nowhere in politics, but for him Trump's like elect this guy. APAC wants him. Okay? And so he did that. Go.


Let's go onto another one of his tweets. So blow up the schools. No mercy, he is just talking about blowing up schools. You know, where tons of kids had died. Tens of thousands of children have been murdered there and he's at least honest about the fact that he doesn't care. And lastly, hears him responding. When someone showed him a picture of a dead baby and he, they asked him, how do you sleep? Right? He said, they asked him supporting the killing of innocent people and babies and smearing voices that fight against genocide. For some APAC money says a lot about your character. You should be ashamed of yourself. Randy, how do you sleep at night? He responds and says Quite well actually, thanks for the pick.


It's just crazy. Trump literally tweeted last week or two weeks ago, whatever it was, vote for this guy APAC endorsed. Now lemme tell you something. My grandfather, greatest granddaddy of all time, I tell you guys this greatest granddaddy of all time who is no longer with us, but he always told me growing up that when people tell you who they are, you should listen. So I strongly advised Naga Floridians not to elect a psychopathic, deranged, homicidal man into office. But it was too late because Trump had spoken and people were, oh, you're going against the MAGA agenda. Are I, I don't know. Is was MAGA pro? Genocide Pro Just like murder Palestine, all ma Palestinians.


Okay, I that was didn didn't get the memo. So now let's enter Ron DeSantis into the story. This is where it gets excellent and hilarious. Okay, so Ron DeSantis went, woke on antisemitism a long time ago. I'm talking 2019. Governor Ron DeSantis signed an antisemitism bill, the CS CSHB 7 4 1 into law following a ceremonial bill in basically he traveled all the way to Jerusalem to get this signed. I've never even heard of this. I've never heard of governors going to foreign countries to sign bills ceremonially that are supposed to impact their states.


Anyways, he did that. He was joined at the ceremonial bill signing on Wednesday by the bill sponsor, I mean by Wednesday, May 29th by the bill's sponsor, representative Randy. Fine. Again, this is 2019. Okay? Then on April 28th, 2023, governor Ron de Sandis visited Israel as part of his international trade mission where he signed another house Bill 2 69, to provide law enforcement agencies with new enforcement mechanisms to punish per punish perpetrators of anti-Semitic incidents and those who target religious communities. Okay? So he's like big on it. He's like, we're signing in Bills specifically against antisemitism.


You could hate other everybody else. We could be racists. You could hate white people, but like this, we can't have, here's a clip from a local news station covering that historic signing. Take a listen. Governor Ron DeSantis delivered the keynote at Jerusalem's Museum of Tolerance and seize that moment to sign a Florida bill Criminalizing the kind of antisemitic acts on the rise, we're Fighting back, You grabbed it headed for the airport and flew over here. Rep Randy fine is the sponsor. You Have no right to trespassing litter on someone's property. You have no right to graffiti someone's property. You have no right to block someone's access to their religious institution or deface it.


So him and Randy teamed up, he, Randy Fe was also a part of redefining antisemitism to include some parts of the Bible. I mean, we're talking super woke, okay? And Ron was cool with that. What happens next? Ron, like I said, went so far. He went to a foreign nation in the Middle East. Dude literally put on a yarm cut. Like, I mean like he's like, listen, I love you Israel. I will do anything. I will sign bills here for the state of Florida. You would think that all of this might mark Ron DeSantis safe from claims that he's anti-Semitic but nobody is safe. That's not how woke works. Okay? Because now the recently elected congressman Randy Fine, who Ron worked with to pass those laws is implying that Ron DeSantis is a Jew hater and he is anti-Semitic.


Check out this headline. It's just, it's too delicious. It really is. This is the Floridian fine suggests DeSantis targeting him and Rep Castle because they're Jewish. Okay? The article reads that newly elected congressman Randy Fein has fueled his ongoing political intraparty fight with Ron DeSantis by insinuating that Governor DeSantis could be targeting him and former Democratic turned Republican state rep Hillary Castle because they're Jewish. Oh no. Oh my God. What? What happened? One minute he's at the wall. Now all of a sudden he's targeting Jews. Is Ron gonna have to go to prison under his own laws that he is passing?


What did Ronnie do? What did Ronnie do, you guys, he did the unthinkable. I'm gonna tell you. Come in, I'll tell you what'd he do? He criticized Randy fine and Hillary Castle who both happened to be Jewish. And so they're beyond critique. Obviously. He criticized them by assessing why it is that Randy fine barely won and basically said this man would not have won were it not for Trump's endorsement, which got him over the finish line. Now, I didn't hear any antisemitism when Ron DeSantis said it, but I know how woke works and just because I don't hear it doesn't mean that Ron DeSantis is not a raging Jew hater who should be Antisemite of the year this year.


So I wanna put him up. Here's what Ron DeSantis said about Randy. Fine, that has earned him the ire and the suggestion that he too might be antisemite. Take a listen to Ron DeSantis. Just The way he conducts himself is somebody, he repels people, he's repelled people in the legislature, he's repelled, they, they wanted to get him outta the legislature. So they asked me to put him up for Florida Atlantic president and I did. And the whole board would've resigned rather than make him president. And so now he's gonna be in Congress. I mean like, you know, it is what it is. So it was unique problems with this candidate that was causing this to be a close race. And I think it was trending to be be a lot closer. Then what happened was they put in a lot of money on the Republican side, four or $5 million in a Trump plus 30 seat.


But they shouldn't have had to do, but they did. And then the president did a couple tele-town halls where he said, listen, for my agenda, we need you to go out and vote. So I think that election day turnout was really good for a special election for Republicans in the district. And I attribute that to President Trump's intervention. I think these are voters who didn't like Randy fine, but who basically were like, you know what, we're gonna take one for the team president needs another vote up there And so we're gonna do it. Oh my, I have, it's disgusting. Like I, I feel like, I don't know, we should put something on this speech a warning. It, it sounded exactly like Adolf Hitler. It's the purest form of antisemitism I've ever seen. I think the a DL should get involved.


I think Ronnie needs to go to the Holocaust Museum if he wants to get his life back. I think this is despicable. I think he, he should take it further. I I he's gotta go to Poland. He's gotta take pictures of him himself. He just, he needs to apologize because you are not allowed to criticize a Jewish person, okay? Without being accused. Like that's like what's, what is he gonna say next? Like say something about BB net and Yahoo. What's he gonna say next? Oh, like a Palestinian child's dying is sad. You watch yourself Ronnie, you disgusted me Ronnie. I can't even believe it. It's wonderful. It's just like the woke Olympics yesterday. He partners with it and today it comes from him.


Do you know why? Lemme explain to you very slowly how woke works. Okay, have you guys ever seen the musical Little Shop of Horror? It's a really old one. My mom's really into musical. So we grew up watching Little Shop of Horrors. Anyways, it's about a plant I know sounds kind of weird. And it's a plant that needs a little bit of blood. It's a tiny little plant, cute little plant and it only requires a little bit of blood to live and then the plant grows and it requires a little more blood to live. And this is kind of what happened to Ron DeSantis. Here's a live look at Ron DeSantis who was running the little shop of Horrors. Take a listen. You see me? Come on. Feed me now.


I can't. I'm starving. Maybe I can squeeze a little more outta this one More. Come on. More, More. There isn't anymore. What do you want me to do? Slit my wrists? Yeah. Oh boy. Look, I got an idea. I'm gonna go down to sch and pick you up some nice chop Sirloin. Must be blood. Must be blood must. That's how it works you guys. You feed a little bit, you go, oh, there's a little bit of, I agree, I see racism but the next thing you know it's like nope, I need, I need to eat. All of you must be blood. That's what you get. Ronnie, don't care. Acting like a NeoCon.


Calling people antisemitic, signing in Bills hope to plan. Eat you. I'm on Randy Feinstein, it's despicable. You're just, you disgust me on DeSantis selfie. You're kind of just absolutely disgusting every time you see these situations. By the way, where someone is being called Asymetic, I'm, I'm like first they came for Candace Owens and people applauded and all I said was like genocide. No matter what happens is whoever's executing it is wrong and they're like cheering it on. Now it's coming for everybody. Miss Rachel, the plant wants it, wants to eat. Miss Rachel, the plant wants to eat. We're Ron DeSantis and I'm here cracking up. I'm on the side of the plant, eat 'em all because I didn't give it one ounce of blood.


I said I'm not getting down with the woke, right? I'm not getting down. I wasn't down with the woke left. I'm not getting down with the woke, right? I'm in this situation a little chopper horrors. I want you to think of the dancers that come out and are excited while everybody's dying. That's me. Okay, here's a clip of me. That's me, that's me. I just loving it. I'm loving it. Tried to warn you. Tried to warn you last year. So there you guys have it. Moving on by the way, speaking of also kind of the rope woke right woke left. The Maha cope is pretty real.


I love that too. 'cause that was pretty quick. Like I feel like it two weeks ago people were like, oh she's coming for RFK and she's telling lies the next thing you know like the next day he's like pushing vaccines on people saying the exact opposite of what he said and now people are going, oh wait, maybe when Candace told us about the blackmail thing was real. Yeah, where should we begin? So this all kind of started accidentally when a house of habit had some sort of an emotional breakdown because I responded to a piece that she wrote which seemed weird and planted and which she was attacking people who, oh my gosh won't give the one ounce of blood and feed the ridiculous narrative that we can't criticize Israel being Tucker, me and Ian Carol.


Anyways, fast forwarding to today, obviously now the Maha movement is recognizing that there is something very wrong with this movement. What happened to RFK when he became Secretary Kennedy? He's now saying the exact opposite and not, not to mention by the way, in terms of the entire vaccine schedule, If you asked me in my personal opinion after all the research I've done, which vaccine I would be the most hesitant for parents to give to their children, it would be MMR. And that is the one that he is saying that he's now promoting after a 2021 book in which he did the exact opposite and said that the authorities in government essentially use panic to push these vaccines because what they want is profit and now there's panic in Oklahoma and he's doing exactly that.


So it's crazy. Obviously anybody with clear eyes is looking at the situation going, yeah, this isn't okay, we voted for you. And so you have these influencers like house inhabit Jessica Reed Krause whose job it is to manage those people and to tell them not to believe their own eyes. Like literally this is an act of betrayal, but don't worry about it because there's some big plan happening in the background. You'd be, don't even react to it because him being the opposite of what you voted for, it's problematic. If you notice, here's what she posted on Instagram defending RFKs overt 180, okay? She wrote regarding the continued attacks on RFK and when she means continued attacks, she means people noticing that he lied.


Okay, I see these flashy YouTube attacks, she writes on RFK are continuing what, what is flashy? Even that right there that descriptor what is flashy about what we're doing when we read his own words versus his own words. Let's continue. Apparently Israeli blackmail accusations are a popular spin for anyone interested in a more practical alternative to clickbait analysis. I offer a dose of common sense on the following slide. So let me stop you right there Jessica. Okay? Because I don't love it when people are fraudulent behind the scenes and appear to be someone else. Like now you're his ardent defender when you are the very person who spoke about the things off camera, off your substack that you didn't want to become public and that what the freak out was about Bo, I mean down to the details you have told people about bathhouses and Bobby Kennedy.


So let me stop you right there because I have no time for liars. Let's see what you wrote on the next slide. RFK has always sided with Israel. If you go back to clips and interviews from 10 to 15 years ago, he was saying the same things he's saying today. Mind you, the man who killed his father was Palestinian. Trump too has always been pro Israel. This whole administration is, yeah. So this shows you that what her writer said about her not doing any basic research when she writes her substack and just going on a whim is exactly true. 'cause she doesn't even know that RK Junior does not believe that Saron Saron killed his father. Okay? She doesn't even know basic research about RFK Junior's positions forgetting on the vaccines, which he done on 180 on, but also regarding Saron Soran who he visited in prison and said that he did not believe he was the one who killed his father because as I've showed you in previous episodes, all the evidence points to the fact that Sir Soran was MK Ultra and set up while somebody shot his father from the back.


RFK Junior obviously pursued that route, but I guess in the name of trying to what make further gaslight Maha mom, she's like a Palestinian killed his father. Okay? This is, this has nothing to change anything whatsoever in terms of what we're speaking about. Let's continue. She writes, his stance on MMR vaccines has been well documented in in his own writings. No, he doesn't think vaccine combos are a great idea. Yes, he'll play the game to appease constituents in order to get things done and implement the changes he wants to make. He is choosing his battles wisely. Stop the battle that we quite literally got behind him for.


For those of us who were vaccine injured, I was one of them For the mothers whose children were vaccine injured, the women who spoke out and got behind him, the women who have been smeared liable, let's anti-vax as liar. The entire reason they got behind him was for this moment. And you're basically saying there's a, a bigger picture than this moment. There's some bigger battle that's being waged. No, this is the big battle standing up to the government when the government does these sort of panic things and forces moms and parents to make medical decisions absent having all of the facts he has now joined that side.


No gaslighting is going to be allowed here. Okay? People have a right to be concerned. Let's continue. He's a smart man. He knows what he's up against. I know the game he's playing and I support him in this battle next. I would appreciate it. Okay. Actually just saying I support him in this battle. What kind of annoys me about that before I even read the next slide is just like also you hang out with his mistress, former mistress and you pretend that you're this big supporter of the Kennedy family that sickens me as well as like a sigh like away from like the vaccine stuff. What are you doing? Like again, who you are behind the scenes and who you try to represent yourself to be as a substack person?


The gap there is driving me a little bit crazy. I think it's driving everybody a little bit crazy. Okay? Like I support him, I support, no, you don't support RFK. Please friends out there if, if there's a girl out there who's telling you she supports you while she's hanging out with your husband and hanging out with your husband's mistress, this ain't your friend, this ain't your girl. Okay. Next, I would appreciate if Ian and Candace would stop dragging my name into their ongoing blackmail theories. I reject completely. Again, those theories, which came from a lot of other people directly came from her. She's told many stories about him at bathhouses and has gotten very nitty gritty about the things that she knows she's calling around on it because I'm sick of everybody being fake in politics.


The whole fake and gayness just needs to stop. I spent a year of my life on the road shadowing Bobby Kennedy to make sure his character and his messaging were translated fairly. I support him wholeheartedly in his mission to shake up public health and medicine. And I believe most of the mothers following here do to know, I think most of the mothers following did too. And have a right to be asking questions about also your support if it's blind support and why you're not being honest with them about the things that you know about what's happening behind the scenes while trying to pretend that Ian and Carol and CANDACE who you came for first and who responded to you are problematic. Because we dare to tell people the truth about what happens when they elect politicians and they go to dc.


Like we're actually being the individuals that are exercising caution and being honest with people when they listen to our shows about what we know, what we've heard and things that we can verify are true. Plus providing them sources so they can follow along. Next we have of all the people and politicians to attack right now, why so much focus on the one wanting and working to clean up our food, water and vaccines because we're wanting him to actually focus on that. Yeah, he's not doing that. That's, that's why I hope that answers your question. And do we have more? She said, I stand with RFK, which is just so woke and meaningless and ridiculous. I stand with RFK girl you didn't even vote.


You didn't even vote. And your excuse was like, I was traveling around. Girl, you live in California, okay ca you, you have to try not to vote in California. When I say try not to vote in California, I mean that dead people vote in California. Like If you die in California, you have to try not to vote like you can live for 200 years. You, I mean you can be dead for 200 years and still somehow you'll make it onto the voter rolls and you'll be voting Democrat and somehow you just couldn't do it. I mean they're mailing out ballots to everybody. I could vote in California right now if I wanted to. Like we're supposed to just believe that you didn't do it 'cause you were too busy. Or are we supposed to believe that everything about your brand is proving to be fraudulent Because what you care about as you try to disrespect people who do meaningful research constantly calling us like, oh they're podcasts.


You're trying to make it flashy. Like no, we're actually taking tons of times to do a lot of research and provide a lot of literature plus ho host book clubs to show moms the and fathers, fathers and mothers. The truth, the reality, the situation, the the world that we live in. You, you just wanna be a socialite. You just wanna be a real housewife, okay? You don't do any research. You legitimately thought that I copied your Harvey series when nobody even knew who you were when you were covering the Harvey case. You literally said that because you couldn't conduct basic enough research to watch the first five minutes of my episode when I explained how the case came to me, someone confronted me to do the case, not the other way around.


Someone asked me to take a look at the case. So If you, If you just wanna be a socialite in DC and you just wanna potentially get Andy Cohen's attention to become a real housewife who drinks too much and talks trash about people in her substack, then by all means do it. But can you move out of the way so people who actually care and are invested in our children's future future and people who recognize that for whatever reason something happens when people go to DC where they abandon their mission, they abandon their very mandate so that those people, we can, we can have those meaningful discussions without having to deal with you in the middle. That would be great. I would love that. That would be amazing. And then of course she hit us with a another round of Instagram stories always with Jessica has this thing where she goes, last thing I'll say, last thing I'll say.


And I gotta tell you guys, it's never the last thing she's going to say it's, it's just does not happen. But she's basically saying, and you can pull these up, it certainly seems Candace can't do an episode these days without it centering around me. That's just crazy. I mean you, you are so self-consumed. We've done 200 episodes and I think three in which your name has been mentioned and it's because RFK Jr has done a 180 and you're the person who is defending him, okay? Do not have a public stage in which you go after people and you gaslight people and then pretend like there's something happening to you. When people comment on that, my journalism is not for those that are seeking viral clickbait.


I write for people who are invested in an authentic storytelling perspective. At least you admit it's story that you're telling and it's not the truth. I am told not a single member of this cabinet will speak to her. So she relies on hearsay. I don't know what you're talking about. What cabinet person have I tried to speak to? Actually I spoke directly to Donald Trump three weeks ago on the phone. So what cabinet person have I tried to reach out to? Jessica, you just say stuff when you get upset and try to hurt people, that's what you do and everybody can see that now everyone can see your game of I am told you pretend like you're some insider when in reality you are just drunk and at a bar in DC okay? Everyone can see that Your life centers around who you know, not what you know.


And that is what is problematic. People are invested in this for real reasons. I chose not to vaccinate my children because of the amazing research that RFK Jr did. And what he's doing right now is he's burning all of those individuals who were inspired by him and really thought that he was going to shake things up and clean things up. You're just a mean girl with access to the internet going after your former friends Denise, going after their private lives, going after your private writers pretending that somehow you have a right to do this because you're at Mar-a-Lago drinking. It's ridiculous. Come down from your high horse. You act like a 16-year-old girl who's had her first beer. Seriously answer and respond to things meaningfully understand the criticism that people are levying against RFK Junior and stop making it seem like it's always a personal attack when you are the first person who engages in lowbrow personal attacks because you can't deal with people calling you out for what you are, which is a desperate housewife, okay?


That is your character. You are a desperate housewife who did not even vote in this last election. So I just gonna put that in there, call you out 'cause you are the one who is told everybody the explicit details about what they have on our on RFK Junior and you trying to deny that is pointedly ridiculous or to pretend that you are a true ally to him because you're keeping those secrets from the people who read your substack, which would inform them on why it might be that he is doing this aggressive 180. So that's all I'm going to say about Ms. House in habits for now until she responds and then I allow myself the right to respond to her.


All Right guys.


Also going to remind you about a couple of more of our sponsors on this show, namely PureTalk because you should not get suckered into the same old free phone game by Big Wireless. These deals come with a lot of fine print like requiring you to sign up for four lines, activation fees and more. At the end of the day you've paid for that free phone three times over. There is a better way. You can switch to PureTalk, which is my sponsor and my wireless company and they have a much better offer. With a qualifying plan of just $35 a month, you can get the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. This phone has virtually indestructible Gorilla Glass and it captures beautiful wide angle photos with next generation camera lenses. All you need to do is switch to PureTalk for just $35 a month and you'll get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspot. All on America's most dependable 5G network. So go to PureTalk dot com slash owens to make the switch. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens to clean your free Samsung Galaxy. The qualifying plan when you switch to PureTalk Wireless buy.


Americans for Americans


also remind you guys about American Financing because with everything that's going on in the economy, it feels like we're all walking on shaky. Crown prices are high and it seems like nothing is affordable anymore. It's no wonder that so many are relying on their credit cards. Credit card debt is skyrocketing and it's leaving a lot of people stressed out. So if you're a homeowner and you don't have to face that uncertainty alone, my friends in American Financing can help you take control. They can help you access the equity in your home to help you pay down that high interest credit card debt, giving you peace of mind and real savings. On average people just like you are saving $800 a month, plus they may close your loan as little as 10 days. Don't let the chaos of the economy get the best of you. Call American Financing now. It costs you nothing to get started and you may delay two mortgage payments giving you a cushion in this uncertain time. So call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens.


All right, we'll get to some of your comments. Gave you a lot today. Let's see what you guys are thinking. I actually love getting to your comments. Sam writes, thank you CANDACE. My husband and I are trying to start a family and a shot in the dark has been a godsend. We are for sure anti-vax gang gang. We need Auntie Candace loves me onesies, please, God bless. Oh that would be so cute to do a shot in the dark onesies. And again, that entire series was inspired by the work that RFK Junior did with the Children's Health Defense. So to see him suddenly become such a coward and shake on those perspectives that illuminated so many people's lives is tremendously disappointing. Puerta me writes, congratulations on your baby.


Remember real Id goes live in May. I feel like that is the beginning of the end of our freedom as we know it. The only thing that gets me by is knowing that in the end, God wins. Christ is king. That is correct. Do not lose that perspective. This is the problem with people that chase politics and don't have God at the center of their lives is that If you don't have God, you don't have truth, you don't have substance, sweet and savory rights. Hi ya Chicky. I would love a t-shirt that blazed out Candace's cousin for all of us who support you and love you, keep it real sis. We gotta wait for Justin to win this case in some capacity. Then we're gonna have like a crazy Merch day 'cause we just, cousin gang gang, I totally agree with you. Julianne writes, Candace, please look into the Karen Reed story.


I am both a boy mom and a girl. Mom, this case has completely blown my mind. It's so disturbing. I really think it deserves your attention. New fan here. I will take a look at that during Mater during maternity leave. I'm happy to look at that. I haven't heard of it. Abigail Bower writes to people saying they are sick of hearing this case. It covers so much of what Canice stands against, Hollywood toxic feminism and tying up the court with false claims. I enjoy her coverage of it. Thank you, Abigail. I don't know which case you're talking about, But yes, I have always loved legal cases and So I always follow them. Alex l writes, just found out my son's counseling enrichment class is teaching off the curriculum in a special group about racism.


I hold educational rights and I am fighting this. Jesus is the way, the truth and the life. Yes. My sister was actually just telling me about the A DL creeping into the classroom of preschoolers. I mean crazy stuff and teaching 'em about how like feelings matter more and how words can be dangerous. And it's just all a bunch of woke nonsense. And the fact that it just keeps getting younger and younger and younger in terms of who they're targeting with these educational programs, which are like Soviet conditioning programs is terrifying. It's why so many people are turning to homeschooling. It's like you can no longer have any say in what's going into your children's bodies. And also you don't get to have a reasonable say in terms of what they're trying to indoctrinate their minds with as well.


And that's why, like I said, so many people are going, wait a second, things have gotten out of hand. We totally need to take control back of our children. And that is the reason so many people got behind RFK Jr on war rights. Candace, it would be interesting to see you have on a Muslim guest to discuss Islam. I've wanted to do a religious series in general, like to speak about the Quran, the Talmud, the Bible to have to host some sort of a discussion. We just don't really have the space for that right now. But in the future, by the end of this year, we most certainly will. Obviously you guys know, like this is just a small podcast. We have a very small team that makes this happen every single day. And so we, we do have ideas of things that we'd like to do and I think that we'll start to put some of those ideas in motion for sure when I get back from maternity leave.


Anyways, you guys, it has been great speaking to you about all of these subjects and reminding you that we have a new episode of Shaman Dark was dropping today. It's actually episode 16, which is my third birth story. Oh my gosh. I can't even believe that that is what he looked like. That is crazy. Wow. It's just crazy how much they grow. He's a monster. Now, I wish I could show you guys an after picture of my third born second son right there, and I just can't wait to meet the new one. Wow. Gosh. You forget how small they're, it's absolutely incredible. Anyways, I always share my birth stories because I think it's always fun to hear them, especially if you're expecting, and every birth story is different.


Also, If you guys wanna buy Merch, we have tons of Merch on the website. You guys have really liked the make a sandwich line and the anti-feminist line, and we also have some new colors. We, we have to pull that for tomorrow. We have some dark blue ones that have also gone on sale, but you can just head to Candace Owens dot com and go down to shop and buy yourself some Merch. All right. That's all we have for today. We'll see you guys tomorrow.