
All Right guys. Happy Wednesday. I want you guys to know that I did it. I did it. I joined Red Note. The Chinese app that TikTok users are flooding to a lot is in Mandarin. I'm trying to learn NI how some people are claiming that this is treasury, that we are traitors to America to willingly give our data to a foreign nation. So let's discuss that plus, whoa. Oh my. Have you guys heard about the Rory Syke story? That is the former child actor, he was disabled whose mother claims that he died in their estate because the water was shut off, right? I'm talking about the Californian fires. But the fire department is disputing her claim saying that the water was not shut off. So it is a story that seems to be haunting the internet.


We should discuss it also, crunchy moms where you at the FDA has moved to ban red dye three from food. What does all this mean? Welcome back to Candace. All right, so my life is crazy. It wasn't even 9:00 AM this morning before I was accused of being a Chinese spy. I'm not getting on X. Someone called me a Chinese spy. You're obviously a Chinese spy. And yesterday I was accused of being funded by Qatar and earlier this week I was accused of working for the Kremlin Russia.


So I really can't keep up. I've decided that I'm just in my James Bond era. I'm working for everybody and nobody at the exact same time. So to what do I owe this later honor. Okay, well I signed up for Red Note as I said at the top of the show. That is the Chinese app that tiktoks are now flooding to in anticipation of the ban, which is scheduled to take effect this Sunday. Unless a Supreme Court miracle takes place, meaning that the highest court in the land would have to move to block it, TikTok is going to otherwise shut its application for US users. And yeah, there you go. We have a federal ban and that feels like it is creeping onto our free speech. President Joe Biden last April signed the law in requiring by dance to sell its US assets by January 19th, 2025.


Or they would face a nationwide ban. And it looks like the Supreme Court, by the way, is inclined to uphold the law despite the fact that I will say Donald Trump has come in and said, so he'd like the deadline to at least be extended so that he can get into office and take a look at it. Now, some people might be asking, and I think it's a fair question, Candace, you are America first. You bill yourself as America first. How could you do this? Okay, So I'm gonna explain to you why First and foremost, because it's funny, okay? I have a very good sense of humor and the federal government playing whack-a-mole with Gen Z is objectively HILARIOUS. Oh, we're gonna get rid of this one. Boop, they pop up and they found another one and they're posting and the posts are HILARIOUS. We're going to get into it. And just to remind you, yesterday we discussed this, the origin of all of this, obviously absolutely no person with a clear thinking mind believes what they're trying to sell sell us right now that this move was done because the government is just so concerned about our data.


Oh, they're so suddenly concerned about, oh, we don't want China, China bad. They always like pick the boogeyman, China, Russia, whatever it is that they think people will just accept, right? We all know it's happening because of Israel, which controls the United States government via aggressive lobbying. They're concerned about which way the wind is blowing. We showed you that tape yesterday of Jonathan Greenblatt from the a DL freaking out about not being able to control the thoughts of Gen Z. We have a generational problem. He said, TikTok is crazy. They're all pro-Palestinian. And I also wanna jog your memory. 'cause they went so far as to say in the, in the short term, which tiktoks notice they were already suppressing speech, right? So this is because otherwise people will say, you're making this up.


You have to show the evidence here. Israeli officials were bragging about their ability to control speech, both on college campuses getting various groups shut down that were pro-Palestinian and also on social media. And so this clip I'm showing you, we showed you I think last year, it's Amachi Shely. I don't know if I'm saying his name correct. Anyways, he is the head minister of Diaspora Affairs and anti-Semitism. And he was speaking with the Jerusalem Post about their successful effort to censor speech that they claim is antisemitic on TikTok. Take a listen. We work regularly with the leadership of social, various social organization. We had a lot of correspondence, especially with TikTok because TikTok was very, very problematic, especially at the beginning of the war.


They have taken a lot of steps to try and prevent anti-Semitism to go widely in their platform. It is better now than it was 10 months, 10 months ago. But still there's a lot of work to do, especially by the way, especially on X. And actually when you look at the recent trends of antisemitism in North America, we're seeing influencers such as Ken Owens, such as Dr. Carlson, who is a leading leader, an influencer hosting someone who is a Holocaust denier. And I reacted publicly on his statements and I think it was a disaster.


And he is, this is very, very problematic. So when I see tackle Carlson who is such an influencer and is a key role in the the right wing political dimension of, of of America hosting someone who is a Holocaust denier, we're not silence about it. Not at all. And not at same goes to Ken Soans. All right? We hear you a loud and clear like I'm saying this. They were doing this in plain sight. Obviously they rushed, the Congress passed it. Oh my gosh, we have to deal with TikTok because they have wrong ideas. Generation Z is problematic. And so here's the thing, you're not gonna now gaslight these same people.


You are not gonna gaslight them by telling us that the government was totally cool with Facebook and the CIA and the NSA. Shout out to Edward Snowden, by the way, stealing our data, spying on Americans. Yeah, the government was totally cool. Nothing had to be done urgently. And now all of a sudden it does. That really is just government level gaslighting. China is the enemy. And that as our government behaves like, well China actually, ironically, it seems like they're taking a cue from China at the moment. The government pitch to you right now is let us abuse you and control your speech. Not China. Let us do it. Okay? Maybe. Sure. What do we get in return?


What do we get in return? Maybe I, I would let our government abuse us. We've been doing that for a long time, but we wanna know what we get in return. Here's what they say to us. They say, you are gonna get high taxes on affordable living expenses, never ending wars that we expect you to die in that don't help your country whatsoever. You're gonna get open borders, you're gonna get filthy crime ridden cities. You're gonna get students who can't pass basic literacy exams. And in the process, we'll also call you racist, transphobic, and now anti-Semitic in the process. Also, we will be forcing some vaccines into your arm. That's the trade off guys. You get to be patriotic. This the last thing they just ask you to do is also give them all of your data, right? Why aren't you feeling patriotic to give the government all of your data?


Yeah, shockingly that pitch was not a convincing enough argument for Gen Z. They just wanna say stuff on the internet while everything around them is burning. So they are signing up to red note and it is pointedly HILARIOUS. Okay? Chinese people are welcoming them on the app. They're creating videos to welcome American refugees onto their app. Okay, take this one woman as just one example. Hey TikTok refugees. I swear to God this is the most funny ever seen since Brit. Okay? Okay. So my name is Roxy, your cat sister here. I'm a little bit popular here and clearly I'm one of the people that you don't need translation to understand.


Yes, since I've been here for so long. So trust me when I say this, this should be your little re now 1 0 1. Hmm. So we Chinese people, we are really kind and heartwarming. You're gonna see us welcoming people everywhere, but there are just some certain types of people that we don't welcome at all. First of all, If you ever think Pan Express is the most delicious Chinese, forget the fuck outta here. Second of all, If you can't tell the difference between a dragon and a law, you got five seconds to learn and report to me immediately. Third, If you ever dare to mix us up with Japanese or Korean, you'll be put into the play zone immediately, unless that we messed up and pretend that we are Korean ourselves. Yeah, a few things.


Don't say any about our country is the key to respect. So hey, If you wanna talk about yours, it's okay, you're already refugees. Now we Can come out. And so that's just one woman. And then it was actually kind of funny because an ex people were saying, you don't even realize what you're signing up for. This app banned people for being L-G-B-T-Q. So welcome to an app that is sponsored by communists. And there are definitely are Chinese people making videos and they're, they're very funny. So this is meant to be tongue in cheek for sensitive people that are out there about being gay. Take a listen. There's only two gender out here, male and female. If you are gay, just be gay.


Don't talk about you are gay, we all know you gay. Just don't talk about it. If you are a lesbian, you cool, you cool If you are L-G-B-T-Q, whatever, keep it that to yourself. So these are the rules that they're laying down for Americans that are joining the app and some Americans are creating all of these videos and making videos to one another. Other Americans being like, we, we need to actually follow these rules just like this one American user who is warning other people in the USA that we just, we gotta listen this time. Take a listen. I'm seeing a lot of y'all showing out on this app. We are guests in this house. This is not our house.


This one, I'm sorry. I just find it funny and I'm a guest on the app. I wanna see what they're doing. I wanna keep track of this revolution. People revolting against the government. And you know what I, I like this because it does send a strong message to our government and the message that it's sending is we're not stupid. Okay? Despite your every effort that you're making via lobbying the educational brainwashing that takes place in the classroom trying to dumb down entire generations, they're not stupid, okay? They understand that you're all a bunch of sellouts. If you are going to ask the American population to be America first, you have to be America first.


First, right? How about you be America first? First, you guys have showed us that you can be Ukrainian first, that you can be Israel first, that you can be big pharma first. That you can be who whoever it is that is signing your checks first. And then you dare look at Gen Z in the face and you say, how dare you freely give your data to China? When in reality what you're trying to do is to emulate the Chinese system by censoring people's speech, censoring their opinions, telling us essentially your TikTok is wrong. Think. And so we're going to compel them to sell. They see that, like I said, they aren't stupid. Our government now really has become, it's like when you grow up with a friend who has a mom that's drunk all the time.


And then like your friend starts drinking early and the mom, her mom pretends to be like devastated by the fact that her, her daughter is involved in drinking and in drugs. And you're like, you set the example first. Like you betrayed America first, right? So yeah, if the kids are rebelling, maybe you should think about what sort of an example you have set as a parent. And the reality is as that our Congress has set a horrific example. Like I said, they have betrayed this nation first. And so I'm here for this, okay? I am on the app. I'm showing you guys a screenshot of me on the app. There you go. A millennial documenting the Gen Z revolt against TikTok. I am proud, I really don't understand much on it because I don't speak Mandarin. But I'm gonna do my best and I'm gonna try to post my first video today and, and that's my perspective.


I actually view this to be strangely. I know it sounds paradoxical, one of the most American things that has happened this year. Like just revolting against authoritarianism. That's what this is. And saying, you can stop pretending that you have the upper hand now that you, we have the upper moral hand and like our society is being run efficiently, we'd rather willingly give our data to China. 'cause at least we know who they are. They're not pretending to be something else. That's all I'm gonna say on that topic.


Before we get into this scary story, first I'm gonna talk to you guys about The Wellness Company. One of our sponsors are the globalist gearing up for a pandemic scare after the failing at the ballot box November, well, just weeks before President Trump's inauguration, California Governor Gavin Newsom has declared a bird flu state of emergency granting himself sweeping powers reminiscent of COVID-19 policies. This comes after a severe case of bird flu was reported in Louisiana. Critics warned that pandemic fears may be weaponized to challenge Trump's agenda, including the nomination of RFK Jr. To lead the HHS. Is this a health crisis or is it a power play? Last summer, Dr. Peter McCullough warned about the bird of flu linking the virus's rapid spread to gain of function research, which seems to be now a common practice at many labs globally. Dr. McCullough urges early prevention just in case recommending a contagion emergency kit from The Wellness Company, his medical board approved solution with five critical lifesaving medications like Ivermectin, Tamiflu, and nebulizer and hydroxychloroquine. Every household can now have access to these hard to get medications in the event of another pandemic. So get yours by filling out digital intake form and your kit will arrive between one to two weeks. Do not wait until the deep state puts their plans into actions. Stay ready for the unexpected. If you're a US resident, you can head to TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace to save $48 off plus free shipping. That's twc.health/ Candace and use code Candace today.


Okay, you guys gotta get into this story. I need your opinions. I need to read the chat as this is happening. This is the headline, okay? Former child actor Rory Sykes killed in LA fires as water ran dry. His mother says, and I don't know if they're supposed to say he, he died. It's interesting that they said killed because that seems to be what's at debate here. And I wanna say right away, I am not alleging anything happened here. I'm not trying to get any legal trouble. I am literally just looking at the internet and the commentary and acknowledging that this does seem to be a bit disturbing to have the fire department at odds with a mother's story. Okay? So this is regarding a 3-year-old man as mentioned.


His name is Rory Sykes. Now Rory, just so you know, was his mother said he was born blind and he lived with cerebral palsy. He was also a child actor. He had appeared as a child in just a couple of shows, one of them being a British show. His mother is listed on the credit as being one of the producers, I believe called Kitty Capers. Now, given his condition in his adult years, he lived on an estate in Malibu with his mother, a 17 acre estate, massive estate upon which he lived in his own self-contained cottage. His mother's name is Shelly Sykes. She is a TV production entrepreneur, hunter being an on the credits of the few appearances that he had when he was a child.


And I'm giving you a photo of her. Those are her, her with her son. You can see he is standing and she has very large eyes. That's what you can see in this photo. Okay? Shelly announced on social media and also via the news that her son had died in the wildfires. Okay? I want you to listen to her recount the story. She appeared on Australia's channel 10 news, and here's what she had to say. Rory, who was born blind with cerebral palsy, lived in a self-contained cottage on the property. Embers were raining down, Shelly's hoses ran dry. He said, mom, leave me. And I I I no mom can leave the kid.


And I cou and I've got a broken out. I couldn't lift him, I couldn't move him. You wasn't saying no sound. She Drove 400 meters through the smoke to her local fire station for help. They Said, we've got no water. And I said, oh my God, my son is, is locked in his room. Well, crews closer to sea level had water in the mountains. They were armed only with axes and couldn't stop the flames taking over. When the fire department brought me back, his cottage was burnt to the ground With support from her friends. Shelly is contemplating a class action and a rebuild. I'm not gonna move. I'm gonna, that's gonna be the place, a special place for Rory and I.


And we'll re we'll make it even more beautiful than it already was. Okay? Obviously, very sad to think that Rory died. He did die in this fire. And here is where things get a little different. Strange, If you will. Okay? So she also tweeted the story and announced that it is with great sadness that the I, I have to announce the death of my beautiful son. It says a a little bit about his career and, and the relevant portion is that she says, I'm totally heartbroken. I couldn't put out the cinders on his roof with the hose because the water was switched off. Okay, I'm gonna read that again. I couldn't put out the cinders on his roof with a hose because the water was switched off by the last ver lost Regina's municipal water department.


Even the 50 brave firefighters had no water all day. He will be incredibly missed by herself. She tags herself in this at Shelly Sykes, his mama and his pet Pee peacocks. And she says that the peacocks survived the fire while a spokesperson for the lost Virginia's municipal water denied her claims saying that the water service did remain available and was uninterrupted to her property and the entire surrounding community, that was the first flag. People going, okay, what's really happening here? 'cause according to News Channel 10, which we just showed you, they said that the mother told them that the sun died from carbon monoxide poisoning. And you heard her te recounting that story, and now you have the water department saying that the water was actually never shut off.


Then when you start to look into more things that people are saying on the internet, you know, they're beginning to question her narrative also, because at some point she says that he wasn't able to walk. And so if in case you don't know, cerebral palsy is not a degenerative disease, it does not progress with time. Now, of course, any lifelong disease that you have as you age and get older, you can have issues that can stem from having that diagnosis. But it is not a progressively degenerative disease. And he was able to walk, she said so herself when she had Rory, when he was a child on a talk show. Now again, she says he's blind and he has cerebral palsy, but she says that he can walk normally like other kids.


Here is them on a talk show from a long time ago. Rory was born blind and he said he'd never walk. And Rory at the age of four took his first steps. He, you know, the doctors find it very, very hard to actually explain to parents that things can happen and develop because they're frightened of being sued. And when I was told that I knew Rory couldn't see when he was born, and I persisted with the hospitals to say, look, you know, please check him out. And when I persisted, they checked him with a, a CT scan and they announced that he had got cerebral palsy. And at that stage, I didn't know what cerebral palsy was. And I went, oh good.


So he is not just blind then it's, it's something else. And he said, oh yes, it's brain damage. So of course I was absolutely horrified. I thought I'd got a, a blind cabbage. But with lots of love and dedication, Rory's been having his eyes patched for the last eight years. He had an operation to straighten a squint and he's had these special calipers. And before we moved here, we had his legs straightened. So now he can walk and tall and straight. He's like a normal child, aren't you? Yes. And I think the big message is that anything's possible. I dream, therefore I am. It's Rory's mature. And I wasn't clear when we looked at this clip because he was making good eye contact with her as well as the host clip was a little bit longer and he makes eye contact with the audience and she does say he was born blind and he had some eye operations.


So I don't know if he was, if he was no longer blind, that part wasn't, like I said, exactly clear to me, So I don't wanna misreport on it. But that struck us as interesting. You said you hear her say that he's able to walk fine. We showed you another photo of them on the red carpet where he seems to be standing fine next to her. So people were asking questions about why when this story was retold, it was as though he could not walk and it seems that she really loved, like she herself had Hollywood aspirations. So this is just from her website. Hi, I am Shelly Sykes and she talks about how she's an entrepreneur, she's a TV producer, she's an actress, she's a voiceover artist, a singer, a songwriter. And it almost seems like she was getting her child out there because she maybe had her own ambitions.


And as more evidence of that it, she actually tried out, is it Britain's Got Talent? I don't know if it Australia's Got Talent, rather because they're Australia Australian. So take a look at her trying out for that. My Name's Shelly Sykes and I wrote a song called Sexy Single and Ready to Mingle Sexy, single and Ready to Mingle. Sexy. So Sexy, All, all righty. Then you have The royal cartoon, Right? So why are you here? I'm here because I Actually psyche people up. So I'm Dr. Shelley Sykes. I write books and I sing. And it's to empower people, I Guess. You think you could probably win this show, right? Of Course. Well take it away.


So sexy. Sexy, how sexy Edward Bonner says, love is a must. Don't be a bridge. Jones, what the Dust? Shine your light. Be the best you can. I guarantee you I'm a green man, sexy single, and I'm ready to mingle. Sexy, sexy. Woo. If you want love, then this is a plan. Stop being a boy and stop being a man If you want love. Lock energy's what we've birth where it's not get Listen, listen, I, like I said, am not going to race to any conclusions here.


I'm just telling you that the internet has a ton of questions and of course that's going to be, I think, fair questions when your account is at odds with the account from the water department, which claims that no, actually this did not happen. You're saying that you couldn't get the fire off the roof. She also says that he told her to just leave him. I, I just don't know. I don't know what to make of this. And like I said, there's many more clips of her on this pursuit of fame. It looks like throughout her life I will let the internet internet and say no more. Officially, obviously she has said that he died in this fire because she had no water and could not put any water on the roof of his cottage.


So we'll leave that there and allow the investigators to step in from there.


All Right guys, I wanna remind you about Goldco. It's officially 2025 and we could be in for a seriously bumpy ride because we've got a new president on the way and there is some bad news that he is gonna have to deal with. He's gonna have to deal with the stock market volatility. There are credit card, credit card defaults that are soaring global conflicts that don't seem to be going anywhere. And the national debt, of course, is bursting at the seams. You know the saying, hope for the best, but plan for the worst. Well, that's what I'm doing and that's exactly why I partner with the top precious metals company, which is Goldco. I've personally done business with them and they are the best. Right now my viewers will get a free copy of their 2025 gold and silver kit and you could also qualify for up to $15,000 in Bonus Silver. Possibly more. Gold and silver have been used as a store of value for centuries and as a hedge against market risk and inflation. So to learn more, go to Candace likes gold.com. That's Candace likes gold.com.


Also, you guys always ask me about my skincare. I tell you guys that I use nimi New Year is the perfect time to refresh your routine, set new intentions, and step into a healthier or more confident in you. If you're ready to invest in self-care that truly makes a difference. Nimi Skincare has something special to help you greet the year with glowing skin and renewed spirits. Right now If you use code Candace 10, look at that's me. Ah, amazing. At checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. Whether you're treating yourself or helping someone else start the new year on the right foot. This is your chance to try Mimi's luxurious skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare is more than just a product, it's a brand that you can feel proud to support because every item is made here in the USA reflecting the values of faith, family, and freedom. So if you're looking for skincare that's extra gentle, they have a line of clean formulas that are free of fragrance and other and other potential irritants for your skin, which is a thoughtful choice for those that are seeking a gentler routine. With these effective products seem, we can help you begin the new year feeling confident and revitalized. So use code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. That's NIMI skincare.com and you'll save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself the gift of glowing refreshed skin Nimi Skincare dot com.


Alright, Carrie Underwood is due to perform at Trump's inauguration. I'm sure you guys have all seen this. I didn't realize that people were having a freak out about this. I didn't realize that people didn't realize that Carrie Underwood is country. I don't know that kind of, I'm more surprised that they're surprised. I'm surprised at the surprised she just issued a statement saying that she loves the country and that she's honored to have been asked to sing at the inauguration and to be a small part of this historic event that she's humbled to answer the call at a time when we must all come together in the spirit of unity and looking to the future. And people were having a bit of a meltdown about this. I guess they thought she was Taylor Swift I guess or something, which is very strange to me. So first off, some people are just kind of screaming, which is normal and to be expected because I don't know if that seems to be the go-to open your phone and just scream at the sky like this young woman on TikTok Because Nobody Admits Anything they've done.


Basically her caption says, when you have to find a new karaoke song, because we can't all just be girls. Girls. And another talker similarly was very upset with the news because Trump, orange Man bad. Take a listen, Carrie, under wood, what happened to putting Louisville sluggers into the headlights of men who cheat? What happened to that? Oh, we can just sing at their inaugurations. Now that's just cool, fun and fret. Woo, what happened to carving your name into his leather seats? Doesn't apply anymore, I guess. And she's not the only one who has a question about why Carrie Underwood would possibly perform at Trump's inauguration.


How could she do this to us? Here's another young woman who really explains the logic of why Carrie Underwood just should not have done this. Take a listen, Carrie Underwood, it appears we have lost you. Can I just say I'm devastated? I loved a, I dug my keys and you know what? Can I just say I saw you on New Year's Eve Carry with TLCI remember the days of American Idol when you used to kick it backstage with Fantasia and Reuben. Carrie, are they holding you hostage?


Do we need to have a free carry sign at the inauguration? And you know what? Can I just say, if it's any more of you undercovers, I need you to throw on that mag cap with your chest today because I need at least two to three business days to grieve you all this surprise attack Uhuh. I wasn't ready for all that. Put that two rests. Okay. So what's really interesting is they all keep bringing up the same song, which is really funny to me. I dug my key into the side, which makes me believe that these aren't actually Carrie Underwood's fans. These are people that watched American Idol and then didn't follow her for the rest of her career because that was the debut song off of her album in 2005, 2005.


That was the debut song. So we're talking literally 20 years ago, they have no other reference regarding Carrie Underwood. And If you follow Carrie Underwood on Instagram and have followed her career since you know that she's been dropping music about Jesus Christ, she's been dropping gospel music and she farms like she's very big into farming. I actually bought property near Carrie and attended the same church as Chair as Carrie Underwood and Mike Fisher and had Mike Fisher on my show when I was over at The Daily Wire. And there's just no question in my mind that they were conservative. Everybody, they're, they're Tennessean like I just, this is completely crazy. I think it just comes from sort of this snoot of believing that everyone in Hollywood belongs to them and they don't follow their careers, they don't support their music.


Clearly these people do not listen to Carrie Underwood's new music whatsoever. They have no idea what she's doing. They're just shocked that somebody in Hollywood with her celebrity would have the audacity to perform about a country, a country that she cares about. She's a lovely woman, lovely family, strong family, faithful family. Which means of course she does not give herself to the demonic. All of the demonic things that the the left has been advocating for would just not naturally fit in with her brand, right? You don't drop an album about Jesus Christ called the Lord is our Savior and simultaneously vote for a woman who ran the entire election about aborting children like common sense. Carrie Underwood is clearly a conservative like I can't even believe this is even up for debate, but it's been interesting.


So they've now taken to her comment section on Instagram to just leave evil notes and again, referencing the same song over and over again because these aren't actually Carrie Underwood fans and she's not going to lose any, any sleep or any money over this. But they were commenting on a post ironically of her gardening 'cause that's what she does. And she just wrote, spent all day yesterday dealing with all the garlic in the root cellar. I'll have a new crop coming later this year, So I figured I might as well preserve last year's haul. And here are the comments under it. Don't forget to carve a swastika into his leather seats. Girl, will you be performing before he cheats? Shame on you, Carrie Underwood. Kelly Clarkson will always be better than you.


Something smells, but it ain't the garlic girl. It's just so petty and ridiculous. And one person really just comes to her and says, as a, as a long time fan that's been to all of your concerts, including Vegas, I'm heartbroken out your decision to perform next week. I thought you stood for love and acceptance, not hate and judgment. And obviously it's just the loving and accepting people that just cannot accept that the middle of America does not think like the people do in Los Angeles and in New York. And it's okay, you can still enjoy her music, but If you should just pay attention to her lifestyle and see that it is s not synonymous with leftism. So I'm excited about Carrie Underwood performing because she is, she's just a wonderful person.


She's a wonderful human being. And it's hopefully it will encourage all of these celebrities who are in my dms. There are so many more celebrities that support Trump, support conservative values and hate everything Elect is doing, but they're so fearful of, of losing their entire platforms. They're fearful of that backlash. And so when you see someone like Carrie Underwood do something like this, which is actually incredibly brave of her, I think it gives permission to the other people that are hiding in the closet like they're gay people in the eighties to come on out and to recognize that actually it's the majority of the country that thinks its way, it's, you know, RFK has made things infinitely more moderate as well. And if you're, If you don't have the courage to come out now, when are you going to come out would be the question.


All Right guys. Speaking of RFK Junior, it is also of interest that the FDA has suddenly announced that they are going to ban, okay, they're going to ban, get this, the red three dye, red dye number three from foods actually, and just red dye number three. By the way, some people are misreporting and they're saying that it's all red dyes. No, they would never go that far. The timing is unbelievably suspicious that they would suddenly do this. They announced this on Wednesday. Yeah, yeah, we're gonna do something good for the food supply 35 years after the red dye was barred from cosmetics because of the potential cancer risk. So they were like, we don't want you putting it on your face, but it's totally fine for your kids to be consuming this because that's where it's, it's in, it's, it's literally a red dye chemical that's in tons of foods.


Even cherries by the way. Like if it looks too red, it could be dyed that color red to convince you to buy it, but actually it's also giving you potentially cancer. And they've allowed this to go on. And they said that it was just a matter of, of looking into some of the studies that they have found that the dye causes cancer in lab rats. Again, they have known this for at least 35 years, likely longer. And so people are rooting this on like, this is amazing, this is a good thing that they're doing this. But this seems, like I said, the timing of this seems remarkably suspicious. It's almost because they know that our trust with them has been fractured. That the Make America healthy again, agenda is coming, as many of them will try to block, fully block RFK Junior from even because they don't like the nomination at all.


They, they don't want to see him take over the FDA, they don't wanna see him nominated as the head of the HHS. So it's almost like they're trying to give the public something of like, we don't need an RFK junior to slice stuff up. We're responsible. We're going take away one of these cancer causing agents out of your children's food. I mean there it is completely logical for us to say that our government has just been poisoning us for decades. You know me, I'm an anti-vaxxer. And so to hear this story of what we recognize that like it causes some cancer in rats, it is the story over and over and over again when you start looking into the history of vaccines, when you look into, when you learn about fluoride, when you learn about the things that for whatever reason are banned everywhere else in the world but are not banned here in the United States.


That's why I say that I truly believe that we are a lab rats like America has become the lab rat nation. You can put stuff in food Monsanto that you cannot put in the uk. The food tastes differently when you're in the uk. Obviously I spent a lot of time there because of my husband. And it's just incredible that when you go there you wonder why is America allowed to poison Americans? What? Because the reality is, is because in the UK lobbying isn't allowed. That's the truth. They don't allow lobbying. So you can't come to the politicians with a check and be a food manufacturer and say, yeah, I know it's poison, but can you pretend to not see what these studies are showing because we're gonna enrich you and wouldn't you rather just be rich and sell out the American people and the congressman eight outta 10 times say yes to that?


They're totally fine with that. Maybe they're not feeding their kids that crap, but they're happy to feed it to us. And so all of these things should be up for debate. Fluoride vaccines, all of the diets that they're putting into food. Why is it so hard for us to just be able to eat real food in America? You see the results of this everywhere. People are depressive, people are fat people didn't look like this in the eighties. And again, this is because one of the things that makes America great, which is you know, a free market environment, people wanting to compete and wanting to make money is also one of the things that can prove detrimental when you have people that are cowards and are willing to make money doing awful things and harming people. And that, my friends, is the d dc bubble. In a nutshell, that is the swamp that we are trying to drain.


And so I'm gonna cut to this clip. So If you don't know a little bit about red dye of RFK Junior describing it, take a listen. Doritos, Cheez-Its Cat Crunch, gummy bears, everyone knows that these are junk foods, so maybe you wouldn't be too surprised to see that the ingredients include a lot of poisons, including a harmful yellow dye called Thorazine or yellow D number five. What you may not know is that this diet was originally made out of this sludge that's left over when you turn coal into Coke for blast furnaces. Over the past 16 years, the government has banned eight chemical additives that cause cancer and genetic damage, asthma, and many of the other cell conditions as Tartine does.


And you know what's interesting? All eight of those crucial steps forward in our kids' health were taken under President Trump. But the Democrats who claim to be all about healthcare have stood by watching other countries ban these poisons and make our kids sick as asthmatic, hyperactive and depressed. They left them on every supermarket shelf in America. They even used your tax money to put them in your kids' school lunch. That is true and it makes me happy that I, I can announce that I've told you guys a shot in the dark is coming back this month. We're just a couple of weeks away from that. As we launch our platform, we will have a shot in the dark, which will take you through the vaccine series, take you through the birth control series. Women don't even know what you're putting in your body every single day.


And then we're gonna go through food so that you can have that base understanding of the fact that your government has been poisoning you for a very long time, while also gaslighting you with names. You're an anti-vaxxer. Yes ma'am, I am. Hello. Nice to meet you. I'm all, I'm just anti poisoning children. I know, it's so crazy. It's so crazy. I'm anti poisoning children. I don't care how much money you have as a lobbying group, you are not going to delude me into believing that these things are healthy for children, simply so that some people can make a ton of money and it's, it's people should be arrested for this stuff. You know, truly they should be arrested for the things that they have done. Big pharma. Big pharma is itself in and of itself a cancer. It is a cancer that is giving cancer and giving addictions to all of us.


And you should be angry that your government has allowed this to take place. So when they look at us and they say, why are you joining this Chinese app? You can look back at 'em and say, why have you been poisoning us since the nineties, since I've been growing up? Why are you continuing to poison our children? Why are you continuing to gaslight us and censor our speech? Because we're starting to notice if they can't answer those questions then you know, screw them. Who cares? All Right guys. I also speaking on that topic of addictions that are coming from the government, coming from big pharma, you guys had so many comments about the debate, which now beyond like McKayla and me debating it, but the differences between dependency and addiction. So I wanna get into that. First, I wanna remind you about American Financing. I know there are so many people that are struggling with high credit card bills. Well there is no better time than right now to wipe out that debt and set yourself up for a strong 2025 interest rates have fallen and my friends at American Financing can help you access equity in your home at an interest rate in the fives that is much lower rate than the average 25% credit card rate.


So think about how much you could be saving every month. American Financing is saving their customers an average of $800 a month. That's like a $10,000 rate to start the new year. They're closing in as fast as 10 days and even delaying two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. Again, the, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay, so you guys had so many comments about addiction versus dependency. The overwhelming majority of people saying it's the exact same thing, right? Some people saying no, it's slightly different. You know, I guess the difference that they're trying to establish between being an addict and being independent is whether or not it begins to ruin your life.


And I just don't agree with that. Fundamentally do not agree with that. But there was a woman who emailed me at, on our info box yesterday. She's a doctor, she's a psychologist. And she explained something that made me go, ah, that makes a lot of sense. And so I'm going to read you, I just, bits of her email brought while protecting her identity, she wrote to me in your most recent episode, Justin Unfollows Usher, you mentioned your recent debate with Michaela Peterson, which of course I saw. And I had to share some thoughts on both your addiction dependence stance and any changes displayed by Dr. Jordan Peterson on October 7th to establish my credibility since there's not much you can find out about me online. 'cause I stopped social media in 2016. I got back on last year, blah, blah, blah, blah.


She just basically tells me like all of her doctor credentials. Anyways, she says, I graduated in 2011, was trained using the DS M four and the DSM four tr. Okay? So that was a diagnostic manual when the, we were told for just giving you one example, that gender dysphoria was a mental disorder. And then remember then they changed it and they dropped the DSM five, right? The the diagnostic manual manual change. And suddenly we were all being called transphobic. This was the, the literally what we grew up with. Okay, so she writes, substance abuse was taught in the, she's talking about the DSM four again as an addiction. So back when we were told that gender dysphoria was a mental disorder, we, it was the same time that substance abuse was being taught as an addiction.


Then upon the release of DSM five, she five, she continues, everything changed, which I and many colleagues believe was for the worst. I can elaborate on those changes, but to save time, I won't. As mentioned above, I was able to get two treatment centers accredited and that was through my extensive work on policies and procedures, utilization review. A few years later I was an adjunct professor at the University of Bridgeport's Naturopathic School of Medicine where I taught third year doctoral students psychological diagnosis and counseling. I'm very well versed on the differences between addiction and independence. In a nutshell, you are right, but also Mikayla is right and like all stories, there are three sides to that mine, yours and the truth. In this case, the so-called truth is more of a white lie for billing purposes.


And what you and Mikayla are saying is true. A quick Google search will tell you that the main difference between addiction and in dependence is underlying behavior. In other words, if it's impulsive and self-destructive, then it must be an addiction. But if your body needs to keep going, then it's dependency. Sounds like some great malarkey there, huh? Well, from personal experience as the daughter of an alcoholic, having boyfriends when I was younger that didn't have the best judgment and later running a treatment center, no matter what you call it, it is an addiction. Most of my patients at the treatment center were from up north where there's a lot of money and they still call themselves addicts. So dependent is not really a euphemism for an addiction. It's more of a category for billing purposes.


Yes, like McKayla said, the doctors are taught these differences or else they will not get paid for treatment. Okay. Now about Dr. Peterson, regardless of what we call his benzo withdrawal, which by the way, you're not going to trade up Xanax for heroin because it's two different classes of drugs that do different things and that's why Mikayla appeared annoyed. But I think most of us understood what you meant. It is an addiction, maybe not psychologically, but his body was definitely addicted to creating the dependence. I think your point was that he had lost respect and followers related to the whole situation because he wasn't living up to the ideal of being in control of every situation. But that was just such a great email because it made things so much clearer to me because I knew, obviously 'cause I was very invested in the transgender debate that diagnostically things had changed with this new manual.


And I would agree with her. It was for the worst. Like suddenly it was all about feelings. DSM five was all about feelings. You don't wanna call somebody an addict, you don't wanna call somebody who has gender dysphoria mentally ill. So these things have changed. We've updated it. And so Mikayla was right to say that doctors learn this in school and it's the same way that you, the trans lobbyist, correct? I say doctors learn in school, this is not a mental disorder. But I would say that all of those things are up for a debate. And I think that we can agree that now your side, my side and the truth that she kind of has this right and that it is a billing difference, which I think gives me credence of a claim that it feels wealthy. It's like the wealthy version of having an addiction where you get to say, well no, I don't have an addiction. And I think people were a bit reticent to accept that narrative.


Anyways, I thought that was really interesting. So I just wanted to share that with you guys as we get into your other comments regarding episodes past, let me find where they are coming in. Okay, regarding first topic, red notes. Susie writes, China is based, the real man writes, China promotes L-G-B-T-Q on TikTok and they ban it on Red Note because they know that L-G-B-T-Q probably cannot read this on YouTube. So I'm gonna stop reading that comment. Mark writes, USA wants to close TikTok and for the same reasons EU wants to close X and probably Telegram. Yeah, it's time to join Red Note and vk. There you go. That's correct. The EU is trying to come down X, they don't want free speech.


It's author, it's authoritarian. While they point the finger at you for saying that you're following an authoritarian country, they're doing the same thing. Hugh White girl writes, TikTok is mind melting and dumbing down our children worse than YouTube. Actually that's kind of gonna be the upside because Red Note bans all of that stuff. We're probably, maybe we're gonna get math equations now. You know, maybe that's what they're gonna do because it's not for Americans, it's actually for Chinese people. So they probably won't allow their population to have access to that sort of stuff. Regarding Rory Sykes. Okay, I have be careful what I read here. Heidi writes, the mom is not credible. Why didn't she leave sooner? Genevieve writes, she wouldn't leave him alone. John EY writes, didn't have a wheelchair or a dolly or a work cart or hell a vehicle to drive up to him.


Trixie Andrews writes, why move from a country that has Medicare to one where the system sucks? Because she wanted fame and the son was the only one that was on her quote unquote shows paused. Clause writes, she seemed off in that interview. Yes, the interview when I was watching it was quite disturbing. It kind of, I don't know, I just felt like I was watching a scary movie, like a scary movie about like a mom who had a lot of control over her son. And again, that's just my opinion. That is not a fact. It's not mean anything. But something did seem a little bit off to me in that interview as well regarding Carrie Underwood. People are supporting her. Rebellious Galy writes, Carrie is a liberal, but she knows her audience's right wing country music.


I can tell you she's not, she's definitively not aoke liberal. Like I said, she's a neighbor and that's just not true. Alex writes, Carrie's from Oklahoma. Of course she's conservative. Yes, I think people just assign Hollywood and just think, oh, the person must be liberal. But there's a lot more conservatives in Hollywood than you would think. They're all in my dms. Tracy Bradley writes, Jesus, take the wheel. These little lefties probably forgot about that song. Certainly they did. And comments on red dye Thunder chicken writes, Russia banned GMO and food. Think about that. Yeah, it's always the really evil countries that don't allow this stuff. And yet America is so great, so free, no speech. Have your red dye. Rachel Davidson writes, I didn't know if the UK didn't allow lobbying. It makes me more and more upset the more I learn about these things.


Do you think that we could ever get rid of lobbying? Please say yes. LOL I'm gonna say no because when the congressmen go to DC to pretend they're doing things, they then just become a part of the swamp. They don't wanna leave. We should also have term limits because it would deincentivize them to stay there forever and see how they can fatten their pockets by accepting gifts and favors from lobbyists. And So I hate to be pessimistic about it, but I would say no. I would say definitely not. F1 elitist writes, W World War II was when the food went bad. We started eating rationed canned food. I bet that canned food is better than what we were we're eating today. I'm not even kidding, I, I bet it literally is better than what we're eating today. 'cause we're not even eating food. I'd rather have food that's canned than not eat food at all.


That's just completely processed and your body can't break it down and it makes you sick. Julia White writes UK and every country does not allow these companies to put these chemical in their food supplies to kill their people. It is only in America. The FDA is pretending they're doing something as Trump takes office. Totally agree with you. And a couple of more random comments from Black Panther writes, thank you for speaking out for Gaza when other journalists were afraid to, you are very welcome. It has been my distinct honor to defend all of the innocent lives and, and the people to at least shine a light on all the innocent lives that were being lost. And like I said, I'm very let down by people who I once placed a lot of faith in the conservative movement for being too fearful or being too married to money to take the humane perspective.


Lastly, Benice writes, Candace, can you please have your team enable comments on your red note account? We just did that. I hit a wrong button because I don't speak Mandarin and I've enabled comments now. So when I do my next post on Red Note, you guys should be able to see everything. By the way, in conclusion, I wanna say a lot of you were writing that you were having issues with sound. This episode, it wasn't on our end, so I was told to tell you guys to refresh. I'm sorry that that happened. I hope that it was corrected quickly. I hope it wasn't on our end. We'll find out after this, but you, you can find the episode in its entirety without the sound issues on Spotify video as well. It should also be up on Rumble and hopefully YouTube resolves whatever the conflict was.


Anyways, you guys, we will see you tomorrow to support the show. You can head to locals, of course, keep our independence. I know you guys are excited about the Emmanuel Macron piece. It's taking a lot of work. It is going to come out. You can go to Candace do locals.com If you wanna support our work. Otherwise, we will see you guys tomorrow.