
Alright guys, let me give you a little scenario. Let's say you took your kids to Disney World, okay? Get back from Disney World. It was a great trip. You had a great vacation. And then one of your friends says, I don't think you actually went to Disney World. Did you go to Disney World? And you said, yeah, of course. I, I went to Disney World. And he says, would you swear on the Bible that you took your kids to Disney World? You probably say, yeah, you're being pretty weird. But I would swear on the Bible and say, I took my kids to Disney World. You probably wouldn't punch them in the face because you would just think they're being weird. It's a very strange thing when you talk about the topic of the moon landing, to see people get so incensed over it. I realize this, I've never been a person that believed in the moon landing has always just felt a little foolish to me talking on the moon.


Yeah, here we are. I don't know. In 1969 we had basically nothing technologically. And then we sort of just stopped going after a period of years during which our government really wanted to distract us from some stuff that they were doing overseas. I don't know. I'm not a big believer in it. I'm not saying you're required to stop believing in it, but I am gonna require you to think because my next guest knows a little bit something, a little bit of something about how angry people get on this topic. Because he himself was punched in the face by Buzz Aldrin when he walked up to him and asked him if he would put his hand in the Bible and swear that he went to the moon. He got socked pretty hard. His name is Bart Sal and we are so excited to have him joining us today.


Welcome to Candace. You know, bar, I feel like the first thing that we have to ask you since we've got you on the Candace podcast is what is it's like to be punched in the face by an astronaut? Well, he is got really good reflexes. I didn't see it coming. He is got a good punch. It knocked me back and it gave me a toothache for about three years and No way. Yes. And then someone said, You know, why didn't you sue him?


And I thought, You know, to be quite honest, I thought about it. But it's amazing how everything is in the ancient text, which says If someone strikes you on one cheek, offer them the other one. I thought, rats. So I, So you absolutely must take my audience to the lead up of this moment. Like the, the person, everyone's heard the story. Like someone who went up to Buzz Aldrin with a Bible and said, put your hand in the Bible. Did you guys go to the moon? And instead of getting an answer, he got punched in the face, which I feel like if I went to the moon, I would just be like, yes we did. And put my hand on the Bible. I don't think I would get violent. So yeah, what is your side of the story?


Well, we had first produced, A funny thing Happened on the Way to the Moon. This is a million dollar film financed by a board member of an aerospace company who built rockets for nasa. Who knows that the moon landings are fake. Thought it was his patriotic duty to expose it. He gave us a million dollars to produce. Wow. A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon. I grew up as the biggest fan of the moon landings. I mean a fan boy. I had a shrine of Apollo 11 pictures in my bedroom. I was four years old at the time and they followed me wherever I went. But I had an open mind and I met a guy who worked at NASA who said it never happened.


I'm thinking, no, I never thought about that. And when I became a filmmaker whose job is to make fake scenes look real, I'm like, these are definitely shot with electrical lighting. It's pretty easy to prove that that's the case. And So I was producing the film under the theory it might be true that they faked it. And the film took seven years to produce. It's a 45 minute film. It's on the homepage of ral.com. You can see it for free. And halfway into this project, mind you, I, I'm meticulous. I spent 4,000 hours editing a 45 minute film. That's 40 hours a week for two years just to edit the movie.


Halfway into the film, you see, the way I looked at it, Candace, is if they faked the moon landing, they're more likely to have made a mistake the first time they faked it. So I asked NASA as a journalist, I'm doing a documentary about the moon landings, which was true and send me everything it got just from the First Moon mission figuring if they made a mistake, they're more likely to have made it the first time. 'cause they had never faked it before. So I meticulously went through everything and there's very little footage. There's only like 20 pictures of an astronaut on the moon in the first mission. And you get the same footage over and over again. Well, my source at NASA believes a whistleblower sent me a tape, I pop it in, it says, do not show to the public on the screen.


And they're faking being halfway to the moon dated two days into the flight, all the astronauts are on camera and they're using a one foot model that to make it look like the Earth's floating in space. And they're looking back at it from a distance they never left earth orbit. And what a surprise, 55 years later, they still cannot leave earth orbit. That's why there's mannequins orbiting in the moon. So I'm like, oh my gosh, they really did fake the moon landing. How sad is that? Oh, Paul 11 Houston Goldstone says that the TV looks so great. No.


Okay, Roger, we're in on earth. Okay, so what we're seeing here on the right hand side is allegedly the earth floating in space. But in fact that is a circular window of the spacecraft. You can kind of see the thickness there at the bottom. And they moved the camera at the back of the spacecraft and they turned out all the lights. And you're seeing part of the earth outside of a circular window. But it looks like the earth floating in space from a distance. And this is the footage that we uncovered that proves that they never left earth orbit. 'cause there it is right out the window and they're faking being halfway to the moon.


They allegedly have the lens at the windows glass to shoot the tiny earth far away. But when we show the final clip, you'll see that the cameras at the back of the spacecraft, all these segments we got were unedited. They only showed about 10 seconds of this to the public. That's why it says do not show to the public at the beginning of this unedited reel. Now what you just heard, and you can play it again, is the talk is because they're in earth orbit, only a couple of hundred miles of the earth, they would have an instantaneous conversation with nasa. Like I might say, hello, how are you? They would say, I'm doing fine, how are you? I'm doing okay. But they're supposed to be halfway to the moon or 136,000 miles away.


So what they did is they faked a four second radio delay as if it took two seconds to go out to them and two seconds for the radio transmission to come back. So what you hear, If you wanna play it again, is you hear NASA saying the TV picture looks great. Call upon 11 Houston Stone says that the TV looks so great, Nova, There are four seconds of dead air. And now you'll hear the CIA prompting them to speak after the four seconds. Okay, Roger, we're So we actually have a third track of hidden audio of the CIA telling them not to speak until four seconds go by to create this fake radio delay.


Now If you go to the next clip, this is where Neil Armstrong lied. Hi, Roger Houston, Apollo 11, calling in from about 130,000 miles out. Yeah, so go ahead and freeze it there. So he just lied. This is the part that's in all the NASA reels. He claims he's halfway to the moon. But what you're seeing is really a circular window of the spacecraft with the camera back. If that were really the earth floating in space, the lens would have to be at the glass, right? But it's actually at the back of the spacecraft. All the lights are off and you're seeing a circular window in the foreground outside of which is completely filled with the earth and low earth orbit.


They even insert a little crescent piece of material into the window to make it look like the terminator line between night and day. Now, If you go to 39 13, and of course all this is viewable on the homepage of sare.com, you'll see the outtake go ahead and play this. And this is the part that really, really gets you. You can dim down the audio If you want. So basically this is the outtake. We have the unedited reel. That's why it said don't show to the public at the beginning. And here they are removing part of the transparency in front of the window and part of the special effect. That's a work light inside of the spacecraft. And then the lights come up and you see that they're in earth orbit all the time.


And we're using a one foot model of the earth using the circular window to fake being halfway to the moon. So you see that's was the circular window the entire time. Wow. So you can play that again. It's really remarkable. And so we have them faking being halfway to the moon. See, he just claimed a moment ago that this was 130,000 miles out. But we have the unedited reel. It's very convincing. But that's the window. That's Michael Collins moving stuff away from in front of the window to set up for an interior shot. That's a work light. The camera has been at the back of the spacecraft the entire time. And then they open up the iris and you can see the very bright and near earth out the window.


But it's dated two days into the flight where they're supposed to be halfway to the moon. They showed that other clip of him claiming they were 130,000 miles out, but they're still in earth orbit. And Candace, you said, wow. That's exactly what I said. And that's exactly what an audience, when I've shown this to many people in theaters, they gasp. They say, wow, because that's them faking being halfway to the moon. So if they really went to the moon, why would they be faking any of it? So after the first film came out, which has that footage in it, even my critics agree that that is them faking being halfway to the moon, which they would never have to do if they could really go halfway to the moon.


Right? So I had this idea maybe from childhood TV programs, you know, take oath in court or whatever. Why not just track down the astronauts and ask them to swore on a Bible whether they walked on the moon or not. In the second film, which is also on the homepage of ral.com, called Astronauts Gone Wild one Astronaut. Yeah. One astronaut picked me, one astronaut threatens to punch me, one astronaut threatens to shoot me. And we even left a hot microphone accidentally in an astronaut's house after he assaulted me. And the camera guy. So, you know, disoriented, he forgets to hit stop recording.


So while the astronaut and his son are in their house with the door closed, we're recording the audio by wireless microphone in the backseat of the rental car in the driveway. And they say word for word. Do you want to call the CIA and have them whacked? Wanna call the CIA, have them whacked? Like I said, oh my goodness. Yeah, that is crazy. Well, like I said, if I'm some silly person who thinks the moon landings are fake, and they really went, why would the CIA be involved? But I have proof that they didn't go classified footage and an eye witness. That's why the CIA is involved.


And I go into my book, me being literally kidnapped at the back door of CNN trying to get somebody, the tape by the government drugging me with true serum vomiting, telling them everything they wanted to know, escaping peeing in a cup, taking it to a lab. And the lab was broken into, and my urine sample was stolen. All that is in the book. So you're saying that there was more between the CIA and you, aside from them saying, should I have that guy whacked after Buzz Aldrin punched you in the face? Yeah, a lot more. I never went into it during interviews prior to the book coming out. But basically when I found the secret footage that night, I was followed from church.


I, I ended up looping around and following the person, following me, pulled up alongside of him to get a look at him. And apparently they zapped my car. All the electricity, everything just shut off automatically. And I coasted to a stop out in the middle of the highway at, You know, nine, 10 o'clock at night. I'm literally being chased on foot by two to four people. I hail a cab who takes me to a safe house where I have a copy of the tape, I get it to the back door of CNN where I'm surrounded by government agents who take the tape. They drug me with what I presume is true serum to the point of vomiting. They have a clipboard ready. They ask me all these questions like, where's the original? And blah, blah, blah.


I escape their custody. I make my way back to Nashville. I pee in a cup, I give it to a friend to put in his name in the lab trying to outwit the CIA. And days later when we meet to get the lab result, 'cause I, I told the NBC news director, I'm gonna get him, I got proof. I got this exotic drug in me, you know what I mean, that they illegally injected me with. And so he says, well, there was a problem at the lab. And I'm like, well, what problem? He says, well, funny thing they had a break in over the weekend. I'm like, yes. So what he says, well, funny thing, the only thing stolen was your urine sample. And the people at the lab are like, we don't know who you are, but take your business elsewhere.


And so all of these bizarre escapades, I go into detail in a chapter called, A Funny Thing happened on the way to CNN and a funny thing happened on the way to church go into great detail that I never did before because it's already a hard pill to swallow that, you know, they faked the moon landing, but they did. And seeing how this is the final statement from me for the historical record until the truth comes out, then I thought, well, why not put it all in the book? And So it goes into great detail. My harassment by the government, the, the death threat on audio, the literally, You know, being followed from church chased on foot, You know, abducted illegally, the backdoor CNN drugged proof that I was drugged being broken into in a lab.


You can imagine a lab they know they had a break in and then they check the inventory, no computers, no documents, but one urine sample stolen from Bart Sare, you know, that had the truth serum in that I was gonna prove that they had drugged me. 'cause only the CIA would have this particular type of drug. And I guess Maybe, right? And, and that, and interestingly enough, I've been telling my, my viewers to wa read the book Chaos and it goes into depth about Dr. Jolly West and, and the chase to create a truth serum, which they admitted they were successful in creating a truth serum to get people too. Well, I told them everything they wanted to know and don't, don't even remember question beyond question three. And so maybe the drug itself is a secret, you know, and they didn't want that getting out.


I don't know. Now if they really went to the moon, and I'm some silly person who thinks it was shot at Cannon Air Force Base, which we have proof of, then why would the CIA be involved and all that? Candace, to answer your question, if I walked on the moon and some person thought otherwise, I would find that hysterically funny. A sword with no point causes no injury. It would be like throwing a feather at him. But what it was like was like walking up to him in front of his wife and saying, oh, your mistress says hello. You see, he's angry because it's truthful. And that's, you know, what you see in Astronauts Gone


Wild. All Right guys, taking a moment to remind you about pre-born, because every baby's life is a precious gift full of potential and dreams that are waiting to unfold. That's why pre-born the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies. Preborn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. As abortion continues to rise, preborn is expanding their life, affirming care to help more hurting women and save more lives. If you have the means, please consider a leadership gift to save babies in a very big way. A tax deductible donation of $15,000 will replace an ultrasound machine in a women's center saving countless lives for years to come. And now Preborn will match your gift doubling the donation amount. To donate dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely@preborn.com slash Candace. Again, that's preborn.com/ CANDACE.


I actually wanna talk about anger and overreaction being an indicator that a lie is being told. Because what's really funny is my experience is I just kind of never, I always thought it just seemed really fake and weird. And obviously I'm born in 1989, which it's 20 years after the fact. We learn about it really as a blip in school. It's, it's, it's, it feels, at least when you're first learning about it, like very inconsequential, like a oh, a one of fun conspiracy theory. And one day I tweeted, what's one conspiracy theory that gets you? And I said, for me it's the moon landing. I just really don't think it happened. Share, you know, some ones that you think that are funny and the overreaction to that tweet and you, you brought up Bill Maher. He starts getting angry about like the media got angry, like, how dare you question the moon landings.


And I went, okay, your reaction to this is now making me believe that there's something there. Because if we went to the moon and someone said, I don't believe went to the moon, who cares If I say, which I did, I went to Dollywood the other weekend with my kids and you say, Candace, I don't believe you. I'd be like, okay. I went, I don dunno what else to say. I don't really, I don't really, it's not really care. I don't care If you don't believe me or you don't believe me. I actually went And If you said CANDACE, put your hand in the Bible and swear that you went to Dollywood with your kids, I'd be like, this is weird, but okay, I swear I went to Dollywood with my kids. I wouldn't punch you in the face. I wouldn't get angry. And so this is where I think the media really miscalculates because they get so rabid And so angry and defensive of things that aren't actually real.


And so this led me to go, actually, lemme look further into the moon landing. And when I looked into it, I went, oh, this is, this just absolutely did not happen. So I had not realized that you had had gotten access because there was just this NASA whistleblower who was like, Hey man, we didn't go here. And it's interesting to see how the astronauts are not really able after they go to answer basic questions about what they experienced out, you're in outer space, you're the first person to walk the moon. And they seem so uncomfortable in interviews. Yeah, there's a famous quote. It says, the likelihood of one individual being right increases in direct proportion to the intensity to which others are trying to prove him wrong.


The fact that it gets this juvenile reaction as if I am blaspheming their God is proof yes, that we're correct, believe it or not. Because if they really went, why would they care? You type in and Google moon landing fraud, you don't get moon landing fraud. You get a thousand videos to reassure people that the moon landings are real. Well, why do they need to reassure us? Reassure us. I mean, if I went around saying Mickey Mouse was the first president of the United States, do you think there would be a thousand videos to reassure people that it was George Washington? They have to prop it up 'cause it's made of straw. They didn't go. I was the biggest fan of it.


And if I can admit reluctantly that they faked it and people don't realize what this means, it, it's so profound. I mean, imagine this Candace, imagine they really did go to the moon and come back. Boy, that was a close one. Or they lied about it to the whole world. They embezzled an equivalent of $250 billion. They printed it on coins, on stamps in the encyclopedia and gave a medals of honor for being such good liars. And according to people, I've interviewed relatives of dead astronauts who were murdered by the CIA, their opinion, not mine. If that's true, which sadly it is, that is so much more profound than if they actually went.


So what we have is one of the greatest events in human history is the shaking of the moon landing by the most powerful nation on earth. And people don't realize how easy it was to fake. It's like whoever killed JFK, he's still dead. It's a tragedy. Whoever did nine 11, they're still dead. It's a tragedy. You can change the hats on who did it and why this is different. This is a positive lie. You see, and I come along wanting to take away that candy and give them the reality of manure. And they don't want it. I got an email just a few days ago from someone who knew Carl Sagan, and he said that Carl Sagan privately, but knew that the moon landings were fake, but he wanted to be politically correct.


So before he died, he wrote this about the moon landing fraud indirectly. Carl Sagan said, one of the saddest lessons of history is this, if we've been bamboozled or lied to long enough, we tend to reject any evidence of the bamboozle. We're no longer interested in finding out the truth. The bamboozle, the lie has captured us. It's simply too painful to acknowledge even to ourselves that we've been taken. Once you give a charlatan power over you, you almost never get it back. And then I don't know you that well at all If you forgive me, but I get the impression you believe in God.


Right? Okay. So what we have at the beginning of A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon. We show the Tower of Babel, which according to Genesis six was built to show off, we're gonna make a name for ourselves. It was never finished. The Messiah said, If you start a tower and don't finish it, you're a fool to the whole world. Then the biggest machine ever built in the technological age, the Titanic put in print, the ship that God himself could not sink. Tower Babel never finished Titanic never made one voyage.


And then Richard Nixon, who knew they were not on the moon, said, putting a man on the moon is second in greatness only to God making the universe. Wow. You see that this is a blasphemous event. How ironic in a fallen world that the most powerful nation on earth ends up being one of the most corrupt. And the greatest accomplishment is a complete fraud. The most published female writer in the world, Ellen White, about the Tower of Babel, said the following, that if the truth comes out about the moon landing, and it might could be true about that as well, she said the monument to their pride became a memorial to their folly.


Imagine if the truth comes out and we have an eyewitness, which we can talk about, who saw them film the fake moon landing at Canon Air Force Base and confessed so as he was dying. Wow. I definitely do wanna talk about that. And there's, there's a lot of things that you said there, and I wanna go over them slowly. So one of the, the things that I stumbled across quite a, quite accidentally actually, I was looking into Alistair Crowley and you know, sort of this satanic cult and their belief that they could conquer the seven nations. He had this vision that he could conquer the seven nations and be the beast. He, after he was reading Revelations in the Bible, and you know, he begins this, this cult is the only way to describe it.


And Jack Parsons, who was the founder of the Apollo program, people don't know this, that he was a part of this sex cult. And that in order to establish the Apollo program, this is on Wikipedia, this is, we are not in conspiracy land right now. We covered this on my show, the origins of nasa. It's, it's so sinister, so satanic. And one of the things that they believed was that they could summon demons via these sex rituals that they were having out in California, I believe in Devil's Canyon. Like they, they believed that he could summon devils. And he said that he did summon a devil and that that program was successful and that they were going to, according to Jack Parsons, that they were going to c create via sex magic.


A moon baby, a moon child. This is again, available on Wikipedia, Jack Parsons about, you know, and the religion that they established, which was called th Lima. And then he took it and took it even further and he was considered the protege of Alistair Crowley. And I go, okay, so you're telling me the guy who began the Apollo program believed that he had a vision that was given to him by the devil, that he could produce a moon child. And then we're told, but he never got this Virgin Mary, this like satanic virgin Mary, this woman with red hair that came and stumbled upon the sex ritual house, that he never got her pregnant, or that she got pregnant and she got a miscarriage. This is, again, all available in Wikipedia. It's very scary to learn about Jack Parsons.


And I'm going, so I'm supposed to trust this person with having established this program and think that this program is entirely legitimate. And their interest, their expressed interest was in conquering the nations, right? In conquering the nations. My issue that I came up against when I was in my own mind going, I don't believe the moon landing happened. I've read this piece. It seems all ridiculous. The problem is I wasn't alive during that time. So you need somebody to walk you through how ridiculous it really was was I was going, but why? Like, why would they do this? And like you said, the implications would be profound. And the answer to that came to me actually when I was speaking to a guy about Ashton Forbes, about MH three 70 and the idea of government hiding technology. He said something along the lines of, if the base assumptions are wrong, right?


If you are telling everybody that you know the earth's a globe, or you're telling everybody that E equals mc square, whatever the base assumption is that you establish, if everyone's working off of that and saying, well, this is now concrete, this is consensus, this is a fact, then you're actually putting a ceiling on science, right? So if you're the makers of the world and you're powerful and you're Freemasons, which many of these people were, and you're telling everybody that you know, the earth looks this way, or this is how the atmosphere works, or this is what it looks like when you're six, 250,000 miles away from the earth's surface and everybody's working off of that model, you're actually keeping the entire population dumber than you. And I went, now that's really fascinating because I do believe that they told this lie and their anger in maintaining this lie signals to me that the lie has to do with control.


Like, that's the only reason you would be that angry. You're, you're executing some sort of control over humanity via this lie. Well, yes, the, I find it hard to believe the evil things that I hear take place in the world, you know, from child molestation or murder or genocide. I find it hard to believe, but the longer I live, the more wicked the world really is. The world has been conquered by evil people. Thousands of years ago, when the Messiah was being tempted by Lucifer, the fallen angel, he said, if the Messiah would worship Lucifer, that he'd give him all the kingdoms of the world because they belong to him and he can give them to whoever he wants. That's why all of our world leaders are liars.


What is mankind's the greatest accomplishment? Putting a man on the moon? It's a lie. It's very simple to prove I have, you know, four concrete proofs that individually would prove by themselves. We didn't go to the moon. Let's start with the simplest one, which is today with 55 years of better technology, the farthest that NASA can send an astronaut into space is 1000th the distance to the moon. So what they're claiming is that back with 1960s, technology before microwave ovens, before cell phones, when all of NASA's computers combined had 1000000th the computing power of a cell phone, they sent astronauts ahead of schedule on the first attempt 1000 times farther than they can send them today with five decades better technology.


So what they're actually claiming is that for the first time in recorded history, technology was greater in the past than in the future. Lindbergh flew across the Atlantic in 1927. Imagine 55 years later, no one can fly across the Atlantic. Or they say Too expensive. It's just too expensive. Yeah. Is what they Say. Well, that's just not the case. The government doesn't care about expenses at all. Otherwise they wouldn't be sending all that money, you know, on wars and everything. So imagine 55 years after Lindbergh flew across the Atlantic, not only can no one fly across the Atlantic, but they can only fly 1000th this far. It's like, well what's going on here? You see, it's impossible to have greater technology in the past and in the future.


When the first atomic bomb was blown up 10 years later, atomic bombs were 1000 times more powerful. So if they could go to the moon on the first attempt with 1000000th of computing power cell phone, they would've been on Mars 10 years later. We'd be in another solar system by now. And there'd be bases all over the moon. Like there are at the South Pole, right? A hundred mile per hour winds a hundred degrees below zero. And yet there are bases there because it can be done maybe barely. So if it could be done, there would be bases there. In fact, just to reach the South Pole took six attempts. It killed five crews first, finally the sixth time they made it to the South Pole. And yet somehow they did it on the first attempt.


They can drive cars and play golf on the moon and 55 In an untested aircraft, by the way, in an untested aircraft. And at 55 years later, the best they can do is have mannequins orbit the moon. Now, my book Moonman goes into all this detail that's not in A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Moon because I had sources, I have a millionaire back in me. Okay? I interviewed the widow and the son of the man who was going to be the first man to walk on the moon. He was beloved by the public and the media. And according to his widow, who I interviewed for four hours, and according to his son, who's a 7 47 pilot who I interviewed for three hours, he was murdered by the CIA because he would not cooperate with fraud in the Apollo program.


He told That's Correct. Can we slow that story down for people that don't know about grisha? Can you, can you explain what was supposed to happen? Because a lot of people that were supposed to go to the moon ended up dead in very mysterious circumstances. People that were supposed to testify about the death ended up dead in mysterious circumstances. So let's slow that down for my listeners in case this is the first time they've ever even considered that the moon landing didn't happen. Yeah. So basically Gus Grissom was the most beloved astronaut because he had an accident where his space capsule sank to the bottom of the ocean and he confessed at the press conference he had all of these rolls and nickels in his pocket to give to his son, to give to his schoolmates to say, this nickel has been in outer space.


And when he started sinking with that extra weight, he said, maybe that wasn't such a brilliant idea. The media laughed. And then someone asked him, were you afraid? And he said, of course, I was afraid. And everyone said, this guy's real. They said, he's gonna be the first man to walk on the moon. He was preparing congressional reports and giving them to senators that were taken from his home by the CIA before they even informed his widow that he was dead. On January 26th, 1967, he came home and told his wife the following, who told me, hun, for some strange reason, the CIA is all over the launch pad today. I've never seen the CIA here in three years.


Why did they show up today to inspect the equipment the next day? He's dead from fault. The equipment days earlier, he held a press conference without permission and he took a bunch of reporters up to the top of the rocket where he has fixed a lemon the size of a grapefruit to the top of the rocket, calling it publicly a piece of junk. In fact, seconds before he burned alive, murdered by the CIA, his widow's opinion, not mine, they couldn't even get a wired intercom to work between two buildings. He says, how are we gonna go to the moon? He says, they're not fixing anything because they knew they were gonna fake it and hadn't told the astronauts yet it was faked a year later. So here's the point.


Our country was formed, right? Not by the Constitution, by the Declaration of Independence against the tyranny of King George, right? Because he was an obstacle to the pursuit of life, liberty, and happiness. What's the first one? Life. The federal government is murdering their own people. Does anybody care? It'd be one thing if they faked the moon landing and didn't kill anybody. But that's not the case. You see, they're so afraid for the truth about this to come out. I showed two NBC news directors the video that you can see on the homepage of re.com of them faking being halfway to the moon with a one foot model.


The thing that convinced me and my critics, they're faking part of the mission, which they would never have to do if they really went. One of them refused to broadcast it. He said, this'll cause a civil war. I'm not gonna go down in history as the man of causes civil war. And the other one, 10 years later agreed to broadcast it flew me to New York, put me up in the Waldorf Astoria. They said, we're gonna break the story nationwide. They get a call from the federal government telling them, don't embarrass us, cancel the broadcast. And they did. All these podcasters who claim that they're antide state are defending the moon landing. They're defending and people who are accessory to murders, right of great broadcaster.


Glen Beck, who's sincere, but sincerely wrong, has me on for 15 minutes in audio and has on Charles Duke and Aon and, and video an Apollo astronaut who has the audacity to claim to be a Christian right? Lying, assuming that people are gonna believe him if he calls himself a Christian. When he, because of his participation in the moon lending fraud, many people were killed. My eyewitness was Cyrus Eugene Aker. He was the chief of security at Cannon Air Force Base. And as he was dying, fearing God's judgment and as we know, if we renounce our sin and confess we're forgiven, the first thing out of his mouth, chief of security at Cannon Air Force Base, he says, I'm a murderer.


I killed somebody. His son says, who? He says, a coworker at Canon Air Force Base, his son brings in the military police to investigate, to give the family closure. Maybe they just dumped his body somewhere, said he disappeared. Then they asked him, why, why did you kill him? He said to cab landing fraud. We both eye witnessed it. In 1968 at Cannon Air Force Base, president Johnson was there the first of three days of filming. My friend thought it was morally wrong. I killed him to keep it a secret. Please forgive me. I have outlined the best four minutes of it. It's a four minute clip. It's clip nine called the Deathbed Confession. It's the son describing his father, you know, story that he gave to him on his deathbed.


And he goes into great detail about Canon Air Force Base, how they spent weeks building the lunar set, how they did it with pulverized concrete, the security precaution, the list of 15 people. He were there, how he lived right across from Canon Air Force Base, how his dad abhorred lying. And so, you know, his dad, why would he make this up as he's dying? I didn't put in the book, but I discussed during interviews about the homicide because the son was still alive and didn't wanna be pestered by the media. He was already pestered the White House press secretary, the United States Senate Intelligence Committee and the FBI were involved with me in giving this guy whistleblower protection.


That's how serious this was. People showed up at this guy's house in the video clip and threatened to kill him and his family if he ever spoke to me again about his father participating in the fake moon landing. So we, we, we got as honorable people as we could in the government protecting this guy. So this is his testimony, four minutes of it with the time code there that, You know, to me it's just one more, you know, piece of evidence. But everybody else, they're like, wow. You know, and they see it and You know, it's that reaction. That's what I saw when you saw the window shot. You're like, oh my gosh. And that's with me. I'm like, oh my gosh. They really did fake the moon landing.


I called up bill casing, my source at NASA immediately, and we had already people, we were already on scrambled telephones. We have a millionaire backing us and our phone call is interrupted e and I'm like, you know, I've got this proof. You gotta, you know, don't sleep where you slept last night. Then I go to church to get, you know, feedback from the elders. What do I do? They say drive like a bad outta hell to CNN on the way to CNN I'm followed my car, disabled, I have to take a cab, and then I'm illegally arrested and drugged. All that happened the day I found the tape. Well, let's, let's get into it. Let's, let's actually watch that clip of his testimony.


I've never known my dad to lie, to get caught lying was worse than whatever it was you did to begin with. I remember going to school with long sleeve shirts on to hide the purple wells. Yeah, you did not lie in our house. That's for sure. Dad had a real, really bad attitude towards lying. Excuse me again. Okay. Anyway, this is, this is the story that my dad told me on his deathbed project Slam Dunk was the name of, of this President Johnson in 1968, okay?


In Cannon Air Force Base in 1968. He said by that time, by the time he got there, that there was already two large hangers that were connected. There was hundreds of dump trucks that came in and dumped sand and stone and cement powder was powdered over the top of all that, to make it look like a lunar landscape. They had men that fa fashioned it into a lunar landscape. He said, okay, I've never known my dad to lie. So this all took me by surprise. You know, what's that all about?


So anyway, he said that in front of the, the airplane hangers was pole framing with a large canvas tents that was concealing the inside of the staging area. Inside the staging area on flatbed trucks was on, created the lunar lander that was assembled reassembled back inside the hangers. All of the walls were painted flat black in the ceilings as well. He was sworn to secrecy by the NSA and they would put him in prison for breaking that oath.


When dad saw the the moon landing on tv, he cried. He said he knew that what he had witnessed on TV was exactly what they recorded in that hangar. There was no reason for them to go flying around and everything. They had detailed high definition photos of the landing area. There was no reason for them to go flying around to a different landing area that almost exhausted their fuel except for drama, because everything had gone so smoothly. Nothing, you know, So it had to be something.


Anyway, dad was one of three guards that guarded the, the inside of the front entrance. There was a list of 15 people who could enter. No one else was allowed by order of President Johnson. And here is that list. And I gave it to Bart Sore as well. And he checked out a lot of these names and he says he can verify a lot of these people and what they do. And I come across the couple myself. Anyway, president Johnson, Neil Armstrong, Edwin Alden Werner von Braun, Robert Ger, Jean Krantz, James Webb, Joe Kerwin, Dr. Thomas Payne, Glenn Looney, Dr for Christopher Kraft, Dr. James Van Allen General Trudeau Trudeau, Lieutenant Colonel Donald Simon and Grant Noray.


Wow. Wow, wow. I mean, what is the incentive for someone to put their lives at risk to say that their father told him something on their dying bed, you know? Yeah. And he confessed, he murdered a coworker. So all these people, You know, astronauts who are alive, you know that not only did they lie about it, they contributed to the death, the murder of innocent people, including the crew of Apollo one. And that coworker at Can Air Force Base Don Baron, and who knows who else. You know, when I got illegally abducted at the back door, CNN, trying to get this classified footage into a reporter friend there, a lawyer who I think wanted to have a CNN address, the only way he could afford it was a back alley door.


Well, he happened to step out right as I was being illegally arrested. I said, look, I'm a journalist with BC, here are my credentials. You see these huge videotapes, they're beta cam. Oh, I have proof they didn't go to the moon. I'm being illegally arrested. And of course, the government people were freaking out. He got out his notepad. Had that not happened, maybe I wouldn't be having this conversation today because maybe they would've gotten rid of me too. All Right, guys, if you're feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday, you are not alone. Prices remain higher than ever. And a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards. That is the perfect time to take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you unlock the equity in your home. And you can start saving right now.


Your customers save on average $800 a month. Just imagine what that could mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra cash for the season. And wouldn't it be nice to start off a new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments, it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christmas is going to be here before you know it. So call one of American financing's, salary based mortgage consultants today. You can call now at (800) 795-1210. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Man, you know, my audience in the book, I mean yeah, is gonna be not so surprised because I've been telling them to read this book called Chaos the sixties was quite a period.


They were just murdering people in plain daylight. Whether it was JFK being shot because he didn't wanna go along with a, You know, war overseas and them placing an LLBJ, who was just an absolutely evil man. An absolutely evil man who, in my opinion, played a role in the assassination of JFK knew about it without question because he was, knew that he was gonna be become the president. And so what you're speaking about, you know, my audience is aware of the MK Ultra Program. They're aware what the CIA is capable of, of training people to kill and trying to brainwash people to kill. So this doesn't come as a surprise to us. The CIA murdering is something that my audience very much understands. You know, there was another piece of this. There was a guy, and I'm not sure if he was due to give congressional testimony, who got into a bizarre car accident.


His entire family got killed. And I'm just sort of blanking on who that was and how it related to the Landing. Ronald Barron, Ronald Ronald Bar Barron, Ronald Bar was inspector at Rocketdyne, I believe. And because he did such a good job pointing out this equipment is a piece of junk, they fired him. Congress said, that's the guy we want to report on Apollo. When the murders happened, they wanted him all the more. And they basically killed him on the way to report for the second time for Congress that the moon mission is 10 years or more away from going to the moon. I mean, they can't go to the moon today. They can only go 1000th the distance. So yes, they faked it. And here's what people need to have an epiphany.


And he was killed in a car accident, right? Him and his wife. Is that Correct? Well, he, it, it appears that he was killed in a car accident. What they probably did is killed him elsewhere. They put his car in a train track to destroy the forensic evidence. 'cause they didn't have DNA capability at the time. But people need to understand this, according to Bobby Kennedy Jr. Who has more access to the JFK files than Oliver Stone does, his opinion, which is he's the expert, not me. So it's my opinion, his uncle, president Kennedy was absolutely 100% killed by the CIAI guess that's selection interference, isn't it? And then Robert McNamara, defense secretary during the Vietnam War said, look, the public was against entering the war.


We said we need some sort of Pearl Harbor type of thing. Well, the day before Pearl Harbor, 90% of Americans were against World War ii. The day after they wanted to get even. So they created a fake attack by the North Vietnamese against an American ship in the Gulf of Tonkin. Congress passed a law, the Gulf of Tonkin resolution. He said on his deathbed, it never happened. We made it up. Congress passed a law. Shouldn't the ca get a reprimand, if not be completely shut down forever, right? Yeah. So my point is, the federal government is willing to kill their own president. They're willing to start a war that needly killed 58,220 of their own people.


So I don't think they're gonna have a problem faking a video image on the moon. You see? And If you wanna show people I know I sent to mark this still picture you can prove now, first be proved with logic. You can't have a thousand times greater space traveling technology in 1969 than you can today. There you go. It's over. They didn't go. If you need more proof than that, bring up the picture. A still picture. I'm a filmmaker. Like I said, my job is to make fake scenes look real. And if we show this picture, you'll see that in sunlight, shadows are parallel. Go outside on a sunny day, two trees, two telephone poles, two people standing in your front yard or parking lot at lunch.


And you'll see it's impossible mathematically for the shadows to intersect. You see that on the left hand side, it's impossible. Then here's a picture they claim is on the moon that the astronaut shadow is going at 12 o'clock and a shadow from a rock is going at nine o'clock. Now that's, that's a 90 degree difference from objects five feet apart. This is all the proof that you need, that the moon missions were taken on earth because it's supposed to be 20 times brighter than a desert on earth because there's no atmosphere. So you don't need lights that, that's proof. That light is really close and it's an electrical light. That means they didn't. Well it's interesting that, that you speak about this op 'cause then you go, what is the purpose?


And you also see this element of money laundering at a time. And they wanted to go to war. Money just disappearing because people were believing that we were do having these amazing feats accomplished in outer space. And it's interesting to see if, and I did this looking into the companies, you know, who received that deal with the government. Hey, we'll give you all the money, you create the space suits, Hey, we'll give you all the money, you create the spaceship. And they were producing pieces of crap. I mean, one company literally made like nylon spandex for, and then they're like, yeah, no, you'll be good enough. No basis in science or anything. Like you can make our spacesuits and you can see the images of women sewing the spacesuits. And then you learn about how many degrees it was on the surface of the moon. And you're telling me this material was able to endure this many degrees during the daytime and Fahrenheit.


And then dropping below like, what was it, like a negative 200 degrees at nighttime. And somehow this fabric worked and the film was not corrupted during that heat film being in the camera. And so the more that you look into the moon landing and seriously look at the pieces that have been written by people who are just telling you, this just never happened. I mean, I'm a photographer. Show me the camera that can survive these temperatures, you know, and make it all the way back into the atmosphere. And then you run it and the pictures are, are perfect. It, it is a bit cartoonish. It's almost cartoonish. I mean, one guy likens it. He says it's like the Easter bunny for adults. You know, like people that are holding onto this myth of the moon Landing.


That's pretty much what it's, I've been using the Santa Claus analogy and I, I don't mean to be insulting, but the moon landing really is Santa Claus for adults. People aren't facing facts no matter what proof you present, they deny it. They say we win. Anyway, I talked to a college professor Candace at one of the most prestigious universities in America. He teaches aerospace. I said, well, what if Apollo astronaut on national TV confessed that the moon landings were fake shot at Canon Air Force base? Just like Bart says, he says, I'd still think he walked on the moon. Anyway. Now what happened in November is pretty interesting. You know, they have the NAB convention in Vegas every year for broadcasters, TV microphones and whatnot.


Then they have auto conventions where you can drive the car. Think it's 150 miles a gallon that never hits the market. Well, they had an AI convention in Moscow in November, and they had the most advanced ai, not available to the public, but available for the VIPs to play around with for three days. Val Demir Putin was there. It was Google's neural network, multiple AI hooked up together. One team had it write a symphony. I think it took about a second and a half another had it write a novel based on these plot points. Took about a second and a half, and then the computer has this deep fake detector that has never been wrong. You can feed it a video of Trump or a video of Biden.


It'll tell you in one second whether it's real or deep fake. So someone fed it pictures from the lunar surface, from the unmanned Chinese probes from 2014. It said the real, then they fed him Apollo picture after Apollo picture, after Apollo picture. It said all of them are fake. Wow. It said the smartest day in the world just said the moon landings are fake. And If you try to find the original link, believe it or not, there's a screenshot of it@sare.com. It says, If you proceed, all the data on your computer will be stolen and you'll be associated with child pornography.


That's how desperate they are to bury this. Now let me answer the two. Number one, wow. You know, defenses of the moon landing. Well, it involved hundreds of thousands of people and that many people can't keep a secret. Well, you gotta look a little deeper than that. Okay? The atomic bomb, that was the biggest secret of World War ii. It involved 129,500 people and only eight people knew what they were building. Imagine Bank of America has 500,000 tellers. Do you think a bank teller and what the CEO know about corruption in the bank are identical? They're completely different. Eugene Krantz, who I've spoken to personally, flight director at Apollo said someone in the command center at Houston Control can tell no difference whatsoever between a simulation flight and a real flight.


It's just a bunch of numbers going by on a screen. If they can't tell the difference, then I certainly can't tell the difference as a 4-year-old. Right? And you can't tell the difference 20 years later after the fact. You see, I Actually think it's the opposite. I think the bigger the light, the easier it is for people to believe it because they can't comprehend. That's possible that someone would tell a lie that big. So if you're gonna tell a lie, tell a whopper because they go, okay, what's such? I mean, why would a person tell us you'd have to be evil to tell a lie this big, right? That's right. And most people wanna believes in this fundamental goodness. They wanna believe that, oh, the do governments are fundamentally good. So they wouldn't lie this big. So I've always said I mean, now we're, we're, we're in post covid society. So now they realize governments lie big.


Like they go big in order to accomplish what they wanna get accomplished. And So I think the scales are definitely falling from people's eyes and that no longer seems to be a struggle. But what does seem to be a struggle for people is they say, oh, well we were competing with Russia. Why would Russia, if it was fake, the first people that would've said it would have been Russia. I have a theory on that, but I'd love to hear yours. Yeah, that's exactly what I was about to say, Candace, because that's the o that's the really, the only second argument. First, let me say, yeah. When I ask people, you know, why, why will you not accept that the moon landings were fake? They said the government wouldn't lie about something that important. Right? They already killed the president. They already killed 58,000 of their soldiers. So faking a video image is nothing to them.


Right? Well, here's the fact. I have a friend who works in the command center of the Chinese Space Agency. He told me, and I have a video of it@rel.com, somewhere, that everybody there knows that the moon missions are fake. They're blackmailing NASA for space technology that Congress wrote. A law says it's illegal to give China, but they're doing it anyway so that they will not expose the moon landing fraud. Putin was at the AI conference. I have a video on my homepage of him being shown the ai just saying the moon missions are fake. Doesn't look surprised at all.


In fact, he looks scared that the truth will come out. You see, if I had a picture of a world leader with a prostitute, I could upload it to the internet and bring down that person and then it's over. Or I could blackmail them year after year after year after year. And that's what the smarter shrewder Soviets and Chinese are doing. Another good reason for the truth to come out. You see, its interesting. Well, So I'll tell you my theory is on that. Yeah. I actually think the Russians and the Americans are coordinating with each other because everyone's forgetting about McCarthyism. What was the ccia? A it They got infiltrated by communists, and it was real McCarthyism, as we learned in our textbook, is like, oh, he was just paranoid and there were no Commies.


People were arrested. You had a couple that was put to death because the Rosenbergs that were put to death for being Commies America got infiltrated by communists and they secured power in the ccia, A via blackmail, by the way. And this was something that JFK was aware of. He spoke about the corruption of the CIA so that he was gonna, you know, scatter it to the winds. And I believe that the communists successfully infiltrated the ccia A and if they did that, okay, they successfully infiltrated the CIA. And this even gets into Jack Parsons because he had a very mysterious death and things that he was saying before his death were quite interesting. There would've been very easy coordination between the communist in Russia and the communists that were in our government.


I think our last fight against communism was actually when JFK was president. You know, I think that's what we've been fighting since Marxist, you know, Marxist ideas and Marxist principles. We see this coming down the pipeline today. Well, where is it coming from? It's coming from our government, you know, our government is doing that. So I, I am of the belief that there, there may have been some coordination between the two and the space program, and they were aware that it was being faked, and the whole space race was actually just like communist propaganda. And what they were doing was just funneling cash. I mean, obviously I don't have, I'm just telling you like my instinct about it, what the more that I look into like the communist infiltration, but I, I think it's plausible now China that that throws me for a loop, because I can't see how Yeah.


Why China outside of blackmail, which blackmail was a huge tool of the cia a it still is a tool of the CIA would be okay with it. And you're right, it is a very sophisticated system of blackmail amongst our politicians in America. And so there's no doubt that they would be doing that abroad as well. Well, we have the federal government breaking their own laws. There's a law that says it's illegal to deceive people with television that was done after the quiz show scandal. Right? There's a law not to sell space technology to China, but they're doing that anyway. Yeah. There's, you know, they're killing their own people. It's, it's so odd. And the, the thing is, this is what the news director at NBC who refused to broadcast it for fear, it causes civil war.


This proof that I found of them faking being halfway to the moon. But now I'm thinking maybe he's right. I didn't believe him at the time. I thought he was overreacting. But the, the moon landing fraud is, even though it probably killed fewer people, they say that JFK, you know, witness list that was knocked off was like 200 people. Wow. It may have killed fewer people, maybe 20 people were killed to keep this a secret, but it's would anger the public. That's what he says, that if the truth of the moon landing fraud comes out, it will so anger the public, it would be the final thing that would bring down the corruptive system. Yeah. And yet it's the very thing that some podcasters are afraid to talk about, who claim they wanna bring down the corruptive system.


They're not using the number one tool. This is the linchpin, the finger out of the dyke to bring down the deep state because they did fake the moon landing. And when people see that candy turn into manure, rather than just changing hats on who killed JFK, I think maybe the truth will come out. Maybe we need to pray. You know, the, the, the rebuke of the Tower of Babel is out there in the open, the unfinished tower, the rebuke of the Titanic, the ship that God himself cannot sink. Boy, they shouldn't have said that one, but Nixon's calling the lie second in greatness only to God making the universe, this rebuke hasn't come out yet.


And I pondered spiritually. Well, why is that? You know, imagine if there were a couple just got married madly in love. One goes to a convention, gets, you know, insanely drunk, has an affair. They come back, they either tell them right away and say, look, I just wanna tell you the truth. Divorce me, If you will. Or they tell them on their 50th anniversary, maybe there's a purpose in the delay. The longer people believe the lie, defend the lie with all of these videos, all of these speeches, all of these offensives. Some say, If you, you know, are so foolish to believe the moon landing fraud, then it colors everything else that you believe.


Maybe you're wrong about that. Well, maybe they need to direct that toward themselves because they did fake the moon landing. So maybe if they're deceived about that, maybe other things that they believe are are wrong as well. And that's the sad and amazing thing. It's not a theory that they fake the moon landing. We have all this proof that they did and only takes an open mind. Go to ral.com, or maybe I could read it there. There's a quote. So someone who read my book on the homepage, and he basically said, You know, he saw me on Rogan. He always believed that the moon missions were real, but I laid it out in such simple terms, you can't have greater technology in the past and in the future, shadows intersecting at 90 degrees.


Hello. We showed the clip that everyone agrees as I'm faking being halfway into the moon and we have an eyewitness and we have the AI saying. So he says, now I find it absurd to believe that the moon landings are real. Yeah. Once You actually look into it. And I think part of it is people only hear the one side. It happened, it happened, it happened. And So it just becomes a part, it becomes a founding myth. It's just something that you've been in, has been ingrained in. You've been indoctrinated since your youth and you've never actually challenged that. Because like I said, most people go, well, what would be the point of them doing that? And also, why would all of these nations coordinate? Again, not something that people are questioning now because we realize that we're facing this globalized government and they all seem to be coordinating to enslaved the people. So people are willing to confront that plausibility to all of a sudden where, okay, like obviously there's a lot of evil stuff going on.


Why do I think it's just starting now? Clearly it started a long time ago, but there are people that are implicated in this that are still alive. And so I'm gonna ask you a couple of questions. First and foremost, buzz Aldrin of interest was a Freemason. So they get this, this guy killed who was supposed to be the first person to walk on the moon in very mysterious fire after the CIA visits the campus. These are all facts, readily available facts, people can look up and then they usher in new people that are gonna walk on the moon for the first time. They, they usher in Buzz Aldrin. He does happen to be a Freemason. He is still alive, and he is still perceived as a hero. I struggle to comprehend, and maybe it's just my own spirit, but you have to be a coward or a truly devilish in individual to accept like awards and applause and allow people to fawn over you for something that you never did.


And, and that just has to live inside you. I mean, every night you go to bed and you have to know you are a fraud. And yet he has done this for years. And the only time someone questions him on that puts a Bible in his face, he loses his temper and punches the guy in the face. Like, how is he doing this? Well, I have a friend who met him at a party in Los Angeles when he was super drunk. And he said, You know, we didn't go and Buzz told me we've had private conversations that he believes in God, and that's why he didn't swear on the Bible. And he walked on the moon and he said the other day, I think he endorsed somebody for president.


And then he had the audacity to say, God bless America. God is not gonna bless America when its greatest. Accomplishment is a lie. God's not gonna bless America when friends of his Gus Grissom, ed White, Roger Chaffe were murdered because he cooperated. If he had protested, if Buzz had protested, maybe those people would still be alive. Maybe the coworker at Can Air Force Base would still be alive. So the idea that he can say, God bless America, You know, gimme a break. And you know, it was when I called him a coward, which is when he punched me. He didn't. That was what really pierced him. But he is, of course, I have been too.


I've been a coward. I've been a liar. I've been a thief. I work every day to, you know, do what is right and and to struggle against temptation. But he is. And the reason he is, is because he's afraid to look bad. You see the man who died or He's scared he is gonna get murdered. No, I think he's afraid to look bad. That's it. It's a vanity. You see, he could become my hero if he told the truth on his deathbed, just like Cyrus Eugene Akers did. He said, I'm a murderer. I have to set things right. He's afraid to look bad. He's told all of his entourage and all of his fan, he's pulled out paper clips from his closet that he claims were on the moon and sold for hundreds of thousands of dollars at Sutheby's auction, which is a fraud.


Wow. Right? You see, he's afraid to look bad. That's what you're afraid of. You know, the interesting thing about, I think it's the second chapter to the last chapter, revelation. It lists a long type list of behaviors that will prevent you from entering eternal life, you know, immorality and stealing and drunkenness and all this. But you know, it's first on the list, the cowardly, why did all these millions of people take medicine for an illness? They didn't even have had a fear of death. And I know four people who died from that medicine immediately had a reaction and immediately died for people. Right? They were tricked.


The Bible says, I think it's Hebrews chapter four, that the devil holds mankind in slavery because of their fear of death. Why are whistleblowers not coming forward because of their fear of death? My source, who was at Cannon Air Force Base, his son, who I confirmed this information with days later, his house was broken into by, I guess the CIA, he had security cameras. They knew his password, they took everything about his father, no proof. And then they came back a couple of days later and threatened to kill him and his family if he ever spoke about his father's participation in the moon landing fraud ever again.


You see, there are all these people in the government who know the truth, who could come forward and bring it down, but they're afraid to lose their house. They're afraid to lose their car, they're afraid to lose their pension. They're afraid to lose their life. Hello. You're gonna die anyway. All Right guys.


Today's show is sponsored by Seven Weeks Coffee. Now, why are they called Seven Weeks Coffee? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And at the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy centers across the country. They've raised over half a million dollars for these centers, and they have saved over 5,000 lives. Now I'm gonna tell you about the coffee 'cause you know, I'm quite picky about what I put into my body. It's mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown low acid, and it's organically farmed So it checks all of the boxes. Plus just in time for the holidays at Seven Weeks, Coffee is having their biggest promotion of the year. Yet you can enjoy exclusive discounts, free gifts with every order, plus a new limited edition coffee. Whether you're looking for stocking stuffers or the Perfect Roast, Seven Weeks Coffee, we'll have you covered this Christmas season exclusively for my listeners, If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and you use Code CANDACE, you'll get up to 25% off your order. Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the United States.


It's actually incredible how many of the speaking of the souvenirs brought back from the moon were determined to be fraudulent. I mean, I think it was might've been in the Netherlands where they had this rock in the museum and then suddenly they realized, wait a minute, they went and tested it. And this rock was from Arizona and they had it certified from the United States Government signed everything. And they went, we tested this rock, and this is from Arizona. And the government was like, oopsies. It's like, guys, how much more proof do you need? I mean, even the Moon Rocks, they've been able to determine how many of these were completely fraudulent. And you know, I think it ended up being like petrified wood that they sent them. Yeah, that's right. And just told them it was from the moon. Which arms? Yeah, go on. Neil Armstrong says he personally picked up this rock, put it in his pocket, and personally delivered it to the Prime Minister of the Netherlands.


They sealed it, the curator watched my movie, got Curious, opened it up after midnight secretly, and it was petrified wood. And so all of this proof, basically I I, I hate writing nonfiction. It's so tedious. I spent 15 years writing my book, two years editing it, and it's interactive. There are 17 video clips that you can see for free@ral.com, but If you want the book, it's in audio that I read, Kindle or print, and I back up with video clips, everything that I'm saying, including a NASA employee saying that there's this huge field of radiation that surrounds the earth that most people don't know about is 30,000 miles thick.


Every manned mission has been well below that, except going to the moon and the technology to go through the radiation to the moon and survive has not been invented yet. My name is Kelly Smith and I work on navigation and guidance for Orion. We are headed 3,600 miles above Earth, 15 times higher from the planet than the International Space Station. As we get further away from Earth, we'll pass through the Van Allen belts an area of dangerous radiation. Radiation like this could harm the guidance systems onboard computers or other electronics on Orion.


Naturally, we have to pass through this danger zone twice, once up and once back. We must solve these challenges before we send people through this region of space. Okay? So he just said, we must solve these radiation challenges before we send people through this region of space. That means the radiation challenges have not been solved yet. They have to solve the radiation problem before they send people through this region of space. And those problems have not been resolved yet. So how did the Apollo astronauts go to the moon? When I asked this guy for the Geiger counter readings of the unmanned probe, they sent it to the radiation.


They said that was a military secret. And I'm like, well wait a minute. When you sent probes to the sun to find out the temperature of the sun, the temperature of the sun is just nature. It's not a military secret. When they sent probes to Jupiter to find out how much helium is in Jupiter's atmosphere, that amount of helium is just nature. It's not a military secret. So why would the amount of radiation surrounding the earth be a military secret? Because if they disclosed it, it would prove that they didn't go to the moon. The guy just said, so we must solve these challenges before we send people through this region of space. Right? I even saw that they were doing, and I'm saying this obviously, you know, we're not recording Mark, but they, that they were doing models in 2005 talking about how they would have to solve to get through the belt.


And they were on the NASA website. They put up the, these proposed scenarios where they could put use cinder blocks. And this is 2005. It's like, what do you mean? Why are you trying to put together scenarios to get through the Van Allen belt? You're supposed to have done this 40 years ago. And that was something that was included in the wagging the moon doggy piece. And he showed the bottles from a NASA website, which they eventually took down because it kind of debunked that they went there the first time. Like, how are we gonna get through the Van Allen belt? Grappling with that in 2005 doesn't really make sense. You should have already have a solve for that. Maybe 'cause it's God didn't God. God speaks about the firmament. Maybe that's the firm, the biblical firmament. I don't know. Y You know, the earth could be a triangle.


I don't know. I don't care. Fortunately any, neither do I. A geography, A geography exam is not necessary to enter eternal life. The issue is not the shape of the earth. The issue is the corruption of the United States forever. No, I just mean the firmament beyond the earth. Like not being able to get past. I'm saying maybe that is the biblical firmament that you can't get past that radiation. Yeah, that could, That could be an exactly may. Maybe that's the way God set it up. That will just stay here. You know? I don't know. But it's scary when you have the most powerful nation on earth faking the greatest accomplishment of mankind. And you have sincere people who are sincerely wrong, descending the criminals that they abhor because they don't wanna give up the glorious moon landing.


It's pride. It's pride. People have to be willing to be wrong. Yeah. Every chapter of my book has a quote I read, read one from Carl Sagan. Here's one from Men in Black three. Right. That shows the Apollo launch poem. It says, the Bitterest truth is better than the sweetest lie. You see, I agree. We have to have that kind of heart. And then Mark Twain says it's easier to fool people than to convince them that they have been fooled. If a college professor is so in love, has made a God out of the moon landing, he says, an Apollo astronaut confessing wouldn't de deter his belief. He'd still think he walked on the moon.


Anyway, that's where we're, Yeah. And there's an element of that where the, the propaganda begins to seep into people's minds. We talk about this all the time, like me and and my producer and my director. And you really see that there's certain things that are really aimed towards little boys and aim towards little girls. And there's no question that like NASA being an astronaut like as well as dinosaurs, it's like that is very much pushed on little boys from the time that they're young. And I think that men in particular struggle with even considering the plausibility that NASA may not be real. That, you know, the moon landing might not be real. And it's interesting because a former colleague of mine, we used to always debate this like a friendly debate, Matt Walsh. And he, and really what it came down, 'cause I, I would say, Matt, you are so willing to recognize all the corruption of government.


We have these conversations all the time about government lying about covid. I find it so strange that you won't let go of this one. And he says something, and I think it's, it's very telling about where a lot of people are on this. He says, well, if this isn't real, then what you're saying is that the greatest feat of mankind didn't actually happen. The greatest feat of Americans isn't actually real. And what does that say about America? And I think it's that question that they're not willing to confront because what it actually means is that, yeah, that greatness is a bit, it's fraudulent. That's, that is the truth. Like the greatest thing we ever did was trick the world into believing that we did something. You know? And I do think that is, that is hard to wrestle with.


It can go back, the country can go back to a, a noble country that's admirable. But the only way to do that is to confess the sin. Right? You can't keep painting over the mold. You have to acknowledge it and get rid of it. It's odd that that person thinks there'd be a conspiracy to deceive people about an illness going around the world. Even though the former vice president of a certain pharmaceutical company says there wasn't a reason, You know, for what they did. And that he believes the, You know, medicine is not good for you and that it may kill people. Instead, he thinks that people are willing to kill millions of people, but not fake a video image.


You see how, how it's bonded into people's heart that the moon landing To real. Yeah. It's, yeah, it's embedded into your heart. If anyone who becomes president of the United States really wants to get the public support behind them, they need to, from day one, acknowledge that the moon missions are fake force Buzz Aldrin to confess or throw 'em in jail and acknowledge who shot JFK and acknowledge who didn't it from the very beginning. Start with the moon landing fraud. Start with the one that's gonna get people's attention. Tell them, tell the world they did do it. Let's set things right. You'll, he'll have 90%, or she'll have 90% of the people behind them as president if they try to set things right.


But you have to confess, you can't keep sweeping it under the rug or you're complicit to that particular crime we have. You mentioned before that we have a list of people who were at Canon Air Force Base. Some of them are still alive. I thought I have it here. Let's just read that list. You know, president Johnson was on the top of the list. My source, Cyrus Eugene Acres was the chief of security at Canon Air Force Base. Now every branch of the military has their INT intelligence special ops division and the, You know, the Army does, the Navy does, and the United States Air Force Special Ops division is a canon Air Force base. My guy was the chief of security securing the most greatest secret of all time.


President Johnson gave him a list. These 15 people are allowed in to observe. And no one else, president Johnson, this is probably why he didn't run for reelection when he was eligible. 'cause they were gonna fake the moon landing. And who knew you would get away with that? What if he got caught? Didn't wanna have anything to do with that. Neil Armstrong was there, but only as an observer. They used a double in the TV pictures. Edwin Aldrin Jr. Buzz Aldrin was there. Werner von Braun, former Nazi, who according to the State Department, was about to be thrown in jail. But then he died, right? Robert Eman Nager never heard of this guy. This guy's an science fiction consultant for the military.


He's being used by the government to trick people into believing in UFOs. This guy who goes around saying UFOs are real. Well, his number one source that they're real is the Apollo astronauts told himself. So this disclosure about aliens, if they, if, if they wanted to keep aliens a secret, it would be a secret. So the fact that they're disclosing it means they're trying to trick you into believing that they're aliens. Eugene Kranz, flight director, he was there. James Webb, a NASA administrator was there, Joseph Kerwin, he was a future NASA astronaut. Thomas Payne was the NASA deputy administrator. Glenn Lunny, he was a flight director.


Christopher Kraft, he was a mission control founder, James Van Allen. Okay. We have a clip of ral.com just uploaded it where he says, originally it was published in Scientific Journal, 1959. He says, the radiation surrounding the earth that you have to go through to the moon is 100 times greater than a lethal dose. He was there, Arthur Trudeau was army intelligence, a person by the name of Donald Simon, we think they're Navy intelligence and Grant Norway. We think maybe they're CIA. Some of these people are alive. I contacted some of these people before I published the book because somebody asked me to, to let them know I was about to publish their name.


And that provoked my source's house being broken into and him being threatened. So I think, wow, there good guy spies following the bad guy spies. And that's why they wanted me to let them know I had their name on this list and we certainly got a reaction out of them. So I don't know, it's, it's so sad that this is our country. I remember Candace, like I said, I'm the fan boy, right when I popped in that tape that said, don't show to the public. And I'm like, you know, that's not a one foot model of the earth, is it? No, surely not. Then the lights come up and it is, I just wept. I'm like, oh my gosh, they really did fake the moon landing.


How sad is that? I'm a patriot. I want America to be an honorable country and we have to confess our sin. If the Ccia a killed Kennedy, let's just say, so either keep the CIA re, you know, reform it or get rid of it or do something else. If we fake the moon landing, let's just say so. Right? I'm not against space travel. We should probably try to care of every human being on earth. Make sure they have concrete floors and indoor plumbing. Surprisingly, bill Gates doesn't go to Africa and give people plumbing and concrete floors. He gives them injections. But I'm not sure what that Well, it's funny, it's funny you bring that up because, well, because that was, that was the moment for me that cracked it all open. You know, comprehending a lie that could be so big And so sinister for me, where it was vaccines.


I was vaccine injured. Then I started looking into vaccines and I realized that the science behind it was completely fraudulent. And they were actually making kids sick and doing this intentionally knowing that the whole vaccine industry, the history that they tell you of how they stomped out polio, I mean, it is this one of the established founding myths of big pharma. We eradicated polio. And so once I came to terms with that, like how wrong I could be on something like calling people anti-vaxxers, believing they were all crazy, when in reality these people were telling the truth. I then came to terms with, I think it was, it humbled me. I had humility. I was willing to, even if I arrive at different conclusion, I will listen to something that I think is crazy. Like I don't believe that the earth is flat, but I wouldn't, I wouldn't dismiss a flat earth or in the way that I would have 10 years ago because of this vaccine thing.


And so that humility allowed me in many ways to just opened my mind. And you, sometimes you'll hear stuff, you look into it and you go, no, I still think that's pretty crazy. But the moon landing was one where I always felt it was not right. And then I looked into it and I was like, no, this just actually didn't happen. Like that was not even something that was, was a struggle for me to get there. And then comprehending really this era of CS Lewis type scientism that we're in, where really what they're doing is establishing a church of faith. Science has now become a faith. It is not a true science. And you know, it's just believe, trust the experts, trust nasa, te trust this. And to the point where we're now at a place where people won't believe their own eyes. Like you said, even If you, you showed him how they faked it, he's like, I still wouldn't believe it.


I'm so committed into this in my heart to this founding myth that I'm not willing to undo it. You know, that's incredible. That really tells you the, the success of modern psychology. Them recognizing that If you turn something into a movie, If you, you know, do the movie Apollo 13, you get people crying in a theater and you teach them in the classroom from the time they're young and you sell them spaceships and t-shirts that say NASA and also the challenger thing, looking into that is crazy. That also seems to be a sort of weird thing that happens. But you know, you get everyone to watch these moments. I mean, you're talking about mass scale propaganda, which has been studied by the CIA for a very long time. And I have no doubt in my mind that the Moon landing hoax was a major piece of that, especially when you look into everything that they were up to in the sixties.


I mean, MK Ultra Charles Manson, it was just too much crazy stuff going on with the CIA in the sixties for me to believe. But the one thing they really kept above bar was the NASA program. The Apollo program was above board, but yeah, they were drug drugging everybody with LSD, you know, faking the Charles Manson being involved in there. But, and, but they were above board on the, on the moon landing. Absolutely not. There's, that doesn't make Any sense. There's no eyewitnesses. People don't realize that no eyewitnesses only a TV picture controlled by the federal government and everyone wanting to believe the lie. Richard Nixon said the greatest threat, But no one was there for takeoff. Like in person, Well, no, for takeoff. Yeah, but I'm talking about actually what they claimed they did is on the moon, they had to go up, you know, to at least, you know, do as much as they could.


They just never left earth orbit. That's why 55 years later, they still can't leave earth orbit. That's why there's mannequins orbiting the moon. They said in 2014, in 2018, they'd have people orbiting the moon. A hundred percent behind schedule. Years later, they have mannequins orbiting the moon because they would be killed because of the radiation their own employee says. So it's one of the clips@sabr.com, and it just boggles the mind. It's right there. He says, the technology to survive the trip to the moon has not been invented yet. And Nixon said, the greatest threat in 1969 to America wasn't. China wasn't Russia, it was people protesting the federal government over the Vietnam War.


So they gave him a pep rally. The code name according to my source, was personally created by President Johnson. He called the fake moon landing code name slam dunk. Because If you fake the moon mission, you can have a 100% guarantee of its success. So it's a slam dunk. And so they guaranteed it. They gave everybody something to cheer about, something to unite the country. And everyone wanted to believe it. And everyone assumed that the government would tell the truth. And yet it was so easy if a controller in the command center can't tell the difference between a real flight, a simulated one, and there's no independent press coverage, and it's that fuzzy little picture, why did Gilligan's Island go from black and white to color in 1964, but the most technologically advanced organization, NASA has a fuzzy black and white picture on the moon.


I wonder why they don't have a sharpest picture as Gilligan's Island. No wonder why, because it would reveal the fake sets. In fact, I think it was Ron Howard's grandfather warned him that the moon landings were fake, but he wouldn't listen. He grew up, you know, with Apollo toys, he wanted to make this IMAX movie showing all the Apollo footage at the highest resolution possible. So he goes to nasa, they say, well, give us a couple of days. And two days later they say, we accidentally lost and erased all of the original videotapes right before he transfer them to hd. Then there's a clip you can see on my website of NASA's own employee saying they intentionally destroyed all of the Apollo equipment, all of the schematics, all of the hardware, all of the engineering, all of the original telemetry, all of the original videotapes.


Now, if Bill Gates spent an equivalent of $250 billion to build the first supercomputer, and it worked great, do you really think he would throw it in a furnace and all the diagrams on how it got built? No, you know, maybe they should have done that with the atomic bomb. But like I said, 10 years later, they're a thousand times more powerful. So why would they destroy everything? If you really went to the moon and really spend an equivalent of $250 billion, the last thing you would do would be to destroy all the documentation. But that's exactly what they did, which is only what you would do If you perpetrated a fraud. So really and directly, the fact that they destroyed evidence is proof of the fraud.


Because If you really went, you would never do that.


You see that Christmas is just around the corner. And if you're still searching for the perfect gift or you just wanna treat yourself, Nimi Skincare has something special to share this holiday season right now, use code Santa ten@nimiskincare.com and you'll get 10% off your Christmas order. So whether you're shopping for a loved one or you're giving your own skin some extra care, this is the perfect time to try Mimi's luxurious skincare. Nimi is more than just skincare. It's a brand that you can feel good about supporting because all their products are proudly made in the USA and they're rooted in values of faith, family, and freedom, which is a perfect match for the season of giving. Their clean, effective formulas are designed to refresh and revitalize your skin so you or your loved ones can start the new year feeling confident and rejuvenated. Nimi has everything from simple skincare routines to targeted treatments. You can create a custom bundle for an unforgettable gift, or you can take their skincare quiz and it will guide you to the perfect option for anyone that's on your list. So don't wait. Use code Santa 10 today and again, you'll get 10% off your order@nimiskincare.com. Make this Christmas extra special with a gift that truly cares for your skin and aligns with your values. That's promo code Santa 10 at IMI skincare.com.


Yes, it's incredible how much of the evidence accidentally got lost, or they say it accidentally got lost, but in reality it was destroyed. And it doesn't make, it makes entirely no sense. Like you said, they would've been so keen to preserve every piece of that because like they made human history. I mean, they were, they, they were next to God according to them. And you're right, that is blasphemous. You know, I do wanna ask you as a final really big question here, because I've grappled with this myself, and I don't know where I land at because I, I so am committed to the idea that the moon landings are completely fraudulent and that it's been a hoax. And we will direct people to your website. And I'll also give them the article that I read, which was laughed out loud funny. It was called Wagging the Moon Doggy. And it essentially says the exact same thing that, you know, they wanted to go to war, they needed a distraction, people were upset and it gave them a distraction to, and they even wanted the, to pretend they got stuck on Apollo 13, because then they were super distracted when they stopped being interested in the moon landings.


But Elon Musk, let's talk about Elon Musk, okay? Because, you know, I think what he did with X is heroic, freeing the bird, saving speech, in my opinion, I think he's a brilliant, I struggle to believe that someone with his mind would believe the moon landing. I just struggled to believe that like he, he knows he's done these space missions. He knows that he has not been able to get past the Van Allen belt or that a, a man mission. Like he could not do that himself if he wanted to a man mission beyond the Van Allen belt. And yet he says, of course, of course the moon landing happens.


What do you make of That? Well, I don I've never seen, I've never seen a clip of him saying, of course He tweeted it. I, I, I saw it. And I, he responded to my, okay, well I think it was my buddy Matt Walsh. And he was like, of Course it happened. What I saw, what what I saw is him saying the Apollo missions are historical anomaly, meaning they're out of place logically according to technological development. The fact is, he's a billionaire who has his dreams and he can spend billions of dollars buying x, losing money, buying rockets, whatever he has dreams he wants to fulfill. Why not, if I were a billionaire, I'd make all my feature films I wanna make. The fact is he needs the federal government's cooperation, right?


He needs NASA's cooperation to do, that's what I think what he wants to do. So he's not gonna rock the boat. Mm. He said it's a historical anomaly. I, I know that he knows that they didn't go to the moon. I know he has a copy of my book, so he knows that didn't in The back, he used to in past say more, but now it seems like he's kind of towing the line a bit More. Well here's, here's what he actually did say, okay? He said in order to go to the moon, they're going to have to make a minimum of eight fuel trips first. Okay? So how did they go in one rocket? One of the things we disclose in my book is the original findings of von Braun.


He says, the idea to go to the moon in one rocket is ludicrous. It will take a minimum of three rockets. Each weighing 800,000 tons to Saturn five only weigh 2,500 tons. Not, And the maker of Saturn five also said that couldn't get them to the moon. There's a TED talk, the guy says, in order to go to the moon, it may take up to 24 fuel trips. We don't know. So the rocket could not leave earth orbit. Von Bro said so in his own writing, he said, these numbers are mathematically irrefutable. I have a video@ral.com of him saying a space station has to be built first and you have to fer up fuel.


Okay, I guess to not throw 'em in jail in 1969, which they're about to do years later, they blackmailed him into participating in the fraud. So why is it as things get more efficient, we now need eight to 24 rocket fuel trips to go to the moon when we can do it with 1969 technology in one rocket. You see that? So he said two statements that indicate that he knows better. He says it's in a historical anomaly, meaning that technology is out of place sequentially, which it is. 'cause they can only go 1000th the distance to the moon today with five decades better technology. And then he said, you're gonna need eight fuel trips first.


You didn't need that with the 1960s equipment. What's the problem here? You see? So I, he knows that they didn't go to the moon and he's trying to play ball 'cause he wants, you know, to have masses and yeah, he's Got government contracts now. And I think that's it. 'cause If you, you're right, If you look in the past, he kind of drops these little nuggets, would make it seem like he kind of knows moon landing didn't happen. Then you fast forward to like the last two years and he, I, I'm pretty sure he tweeted like, I don't understand people who don't think the moon landing didn't happen, or something like that. And it just seems like he's kind of tugging a different line now, which is fine. I just wanted to bring it to your attention because, you know, I think people have looked to him as someone who's really just willing to sign up to the deep state because of what he did with X and now they're starting to ask questions like, did even he kind of go, okay, I'm tired of fighting these dragons and just like, I've just gotta give them one thing and just say, okay, I, I will cow couch the moon landing narrative.


I, I hope not, but I am totally on board with you and we are gonna obviously show all of the clips that you spoke about today throughout this episode. We'll be going back and editing it in If you guys are watching that. That's why you may see some clips being jumped in and I just want people to know where they can go. You've mentioned the website a few times. If you could just spell it so that they know where they can go to look at these clips and to find your documentary. Yeah, just my last name.com, S as in Sam, IB as in boy, REL re.com. My 15 years of writing is in this book, which contains probably 30 years of research. It's an interactive book, it's an audio that I read myself, kind la print, and all the links you can see right now@sabr.com.


Well, thank you so much ladies and gentlemen, if you're listening to this, this is the power of thinking. And like I say, what I always wanna do is give you the permission to think, to think about these topics that are deemed otherwise obscure. If you're just opening your mind to this plausibility, do your own research, conduct your own research, bend your mind like a pretzel. You may come to the conclusion like, no, this absolutely did not happen like I did. Or you may say, you know what, Candace, I heard you, it was internet episode and I still think they did happen. That's okay. Let's bring back the ability to think and the ability to think critically on your own independently and to come to your own conclusions. I remain a moon landing did not happen, Stan, I'm not going to ever change my mind on that. So write ahead.


Write, write your articles, journalist, call me a total kook for not believing in your settled science. You get way too angry about it for me to believe a single shred of what you were saying. Take that Bill Maher. We'll see you guys tomorrow.