
All Right guys. Happy Monday. Hope you guys had a wonderful Thanksgiving. I definitely did have a great Thanksgiving break. You know, some people say that crack is whack, but those people do not have a daddy that becomes a president of the United States. 'cause it turns out that under those unique circumstances, crack can actually be pretty great and you can smoke it and you can record yourself smoking it, and you can expect to have no meaningful consequences in life. You see everybody's up in arms over the Hunter Biden. Pardon? But I think I got, I gotta respect it. I don't know. It's just, so let them eat cake. Speaking of letting them eat cake, they certainly will not be enjoying it. If Cash Patel gets confirmed. That's who Donald Trump just elected to be. Or nominated rather to be the new FBI director and the Deep State is panicking.


And later on we have absolutely, we absolutely must pivot and discuss the Wicked Press tour because it's a lot. It's a lot of tears. Ariana Grande is crying. Nobody knows why. Everybody keeps crying on this press tour, but it's making everybody extremely uncomfortable. And I'm one of the people that feels extremely uncomfortable when I watch these clips. So let's get started and welcome back to Candace. All right, so typically, typically the president of the United States pardons a Turkey for Thanksgiving.


That's the normal White House tradition. They come out, they find a Turkey, and they say, you have been pardoned. But this year, Joe Biden, he did something a little bit different. He switched it up, he pardoned a crack head. It's never been done. It's kind of amazing. So First and foremost, let's just slow it down and remind everybody what actually happened, because most people weren't following the Hunter Biden case. It got pretty crazy. After the laptop, everybody was at each other's throats and people thought that he was being unfairly prosecuted. Okay, here's what happened. Hunter Biden was convicted in June of this year of three felony charges. They were related to the purchase of a gun back in 2018. You see, hunter lied on his application. There's a question there, and they ask you whether or not you are illegally using or addicted to drugs.


And he said no. But then his laptop happened, which was really a treasure trove of Nana Boo boo, I'm rich. And there's really nothing that you can do about it. For example, one of the videos of the many videos in his laptop that he had filming himself, smoking crack, there was one video in which he was smoking crack while driving 172 miles per an hour in Vegas. I'm just showing you a still here of that video. Look, he's smiling. He's just so happy. 'cause he is on crack, right? So he's like, look at me. Ha ha. No Rules of Hunter Biden. And here's another still of another video of him smoking crack. And here's another still of another video of Hunter Biden Smoking Crack.


So Hunter Biden is a unique case of crack confidence. I mean, I feel weird. I'm not kidding. If I'm holding a glass of wine in a photo, I'm like, oh, like I feel this is, might be a little bit trashy, this guy. No, he's just doing whatever. He loved it so much and was really proud of himself and felt that even just by himself, we needed to record himself breaking the law. And that, that's not it, by the way, If you're thinking, okay, it was just a gun charge. Nope. Hunter Biden also pled guilty. So it's not a question of whether or not he is guilty. He pled guilty to nine federal tax charges, three felonies and six misdemeanors in Los Angeles in September for falsifying records and failing to file tax returns dating to a period when he was, you guessed it, hooked on crack, cocaine, alcohol.


And he had so much access to cash, he owed at least $1.4 million during the period of 2016 to 2019. I want you to remember those dates. 2016, 2019. He's falsifying records, not paying taxes and making a ton of money and spending it on a lot of crack. Okay? Now, if regular people don't file their taxes for three years, if regular people are caught falsifying records and lying to the IRS, the tune of millions of dollars, we will be hunted down. And when those federal agents find you, you can't just be like, sorry, I was smoking crack. That's just not a legitimate excuse. I mean, at least in our world, it's not a legitimate excuse. But apparently for the rich and the famous and the political, this treatment of Hunter Biden is somehow unfair because it is a legitimate excuse.


We should be more understanding that actually, even though he pled guilty, and even though he recorded himself committing various crimes, the only reason he was prosecuted was because he was Joe Biden's son. Or at least that's what Joe Biden is saying. He released a statement to that effect when he pardoned his son. I'm just gonna read you the beginning of this statement because it's all you need to get. The gist here is what Joe Biden wrote, and by Joe Biden wrote, I mean, here is what somebody else wrote, because Joe Biden has been incapacitated for like, I don't know, six months. He wrote, quote, somebody else wrote, quote, today, I signed a pardon for my son, hunter. From the day I took office. I said I would not interfere with justice, justice Department's decision making.


And I kept my word, even as I have watched my son being selectively and unfairly prosecuted without aggravating factors like use in a crime, multiple purchases, or buying a weapon as a straw purchaser. People are almost never brought to trial on felony charges solely for how they filled out a gun form Those who were late paying their taxes because of serious addictions, but pay them back subsequently with interest and penalties are typically given non-criminal resolutions. It is clear that Hunter was treated differently. Yes, Mr. President, it certainly is very clear that your son has been treated differently his entire life on that.


We definitely agree. And by the way, what is he speaking about? Was I not alive last year or the year before the last five years, watching all of these reality stars being prosecuted for the exact same crimes? Let's not forget reality stars, Todd and Julie Chrisley of the show, Chris Lee knows best are currently serving time in prison for tax evasion and fraud and falsifying documents that that's happening currently. Also, who could forget, Joe and Teresa Juche, they're now divorced, they were married, they were on the Real Housewives of New Jersey. They both spent time in prison for the exact same crime, falsifying documents, tax evasion, fraud. And by the way, I was sympathetic to Theresa Juche, like I actually believed her when she said, I don't know what I'm signing.


He just does it all. Like I believe that. And they still sent her as to prison. But for Hunter Biden, no, no, no guys, he's being treated differently because he was smoking crack. That's what the president is saying. My son had an addiction issue. He was smoking crack. Maybe that's what they should have said. The Jude chases the chrisleys. Maybe they should have been like, listen, I was doing these things while smoking crack. That's my new excuse. I'm dropping forever. Like I'm just gonna be like, yeah, no, sorry I was smoking crack. You need to be forgiving about all the things that I'm not doing and supposed to do. Hear me out. IRSI was smoking crack. So people are understandably outraged about this decision because also before he issued this extraordinary, pardon, we were reliably informed by the mainstream media that the adults were back in charge.


Oh, the Democrats, they're back in charge. Oh, this criminal's out of office. This Trump guy's outta here, the Bidens, oh, they're so wonderful, so moral, so high brow, they would never pardon their son if he had done something wrong. Take a listen to this media montage of them reminding us Presidential promise to put the law before a family. So I said, I abide by the jury decision, I'll do that and I'll not pardon him. Letting the world know that he will not wipe away the decision of 12 of his son's peers Was asked directly, and he has said he wouldn't pardon his son if he gets convicted. Let's wait and see what happens if he loses.


Yeah, but I mean, but he said it. He's gonna get pardoned by his dad. There's no question about that. The president has ruled out pardoning his son. It takes new weight. When we see what Trump is saying about the outcome of his trial, what we're hearing from other Republicans who say they don't accept the jury's verdict here In New York, the contrast is profound. To sit there and say, well, I'm not gonna intervene in the legal process, and I wouldn't pardon my son. One side Democrats and Joe Biden protecting the justice system and on the other Republicans and Trump protecting Trump, A current president of the United States has so much respect for the law that he has said he would not pardon his son. I mean, what? You know, again, it's all about the contrast.


President Biden saying, I will respect whatever this jury decides. That's right. Versus Donald Trump after he was convicted on 34 counts, saying the entire system is rigged against him. Oopsies, he lied, he pardoned him. And big time, by the way, because there's something here that most people are missing, and I wanna make it perfectly clear, it is not the tax and gun charges that Hunter Biden is being pardoned for. That's just a smokescreen. That's just something to run to the press with because Joe Biden pay close attention here, rather curiously pardoned hunter for all of the offenses that he quote has committed or may have committed or taken part in between January 1st, 2014 and December 1st, 2024.


Whoa, whoa, whoa. 2014. 2014. Wait a minute. Now, if that tax crime took place in 2016 and that gun crime took place in 2018, why is Daddy Biden partying, hunter dating back years earlier, specifically January 1st, 2014? What happened then? What were we doing then? Oh, I know. We were overthrowing a duly elected president in Ukraine. That's what I know. Ukraine, back in 2014, Joe Biden was vice president. It was Obama's White House, and we staged a coup in Ukraine.


We just overthrew a president turned Ukraine into a laundromat for the West. We were just money laundering. They're making money. We funded, like this is always our move. We fund rebels to overthrow presidents. We're doing it right now in Syria. We arm them, we fund them. And this time, in 2014, in February, 2014, to be specific, we overthrew President Victor Jankovich and we installed a western puppet president. And that is, by the way, part of the reason and the circumstance that has led to the situation in Russia today. Yes, on Putin's border, we staged a coup.


Might be a little bit upsetting to him. I'm gonna jog your memory about that before I explain to you the hunter connection. Here is my buddy Dave Smith discussing what happened in Ukraine in 2014 with Joe Rogan. Listen to your enemies. There's a reason why he hates us. And If you listen to Vladimir Putin and what he's saying, I mean, look, he's wrong for invading Ukraine. And I mean, you know me, Joe, I'm the most anti-war person there is. And there's no excuse for that. And like tens of thousands of people have died. It's horrible. And a lot of 'em are soldiers, but a lot of 'em are civilians. And but to say he was unprovoked is like insane.


It's just only people who know nothing about the history of this conflict would say there was no provocation. Did you See the conversation that Roger Waters had with that CNN guy? Yeah. And right. 'cause Roger Waters was awesome on that. Yeah. Because he knows what he's talking about, dude. Yeah. And he, he's right about all of that. He's, look, the, the promise, and this is what he was saying, and he's absolutely right, is that the promise when the Soviet Union collapsed in 1991, and this was like verbally promised and put in writing, was that NATO would not expand one inch to the East and NATO at that point. The line then was through Germany, right? Like the, the, the western half of Germany was in the West and the eastern half was with the Soviet Union. And they were like, we'll let all of these nations, you know, secede and the Soviet Union will collapse and we're giving up on communism.


It was one of the greatest things that ever happened. And the deal was, okay, you do that, then we won't move nato, we won't move our military alliance into your area. That used to be your realm of influence. And every single president since then has moved NATO East to the point that NATO is now on Russia's border. And in Ukraine, even though they didn't officially join nato, there was always talk of it. Kamala Harris very right before the start of the war said, we're looking to put Ukraine into nato. And the the, you know, they, they put under George W. Bush, they put in, in Poland, these dual use rocket launchers. There's a big complaint that Vladimir Putin has that he is like, these, these can be used to get nukes here in a matter of minutes.


Like this is a, this is like a threat to us that we cannot tolerate. And then in 2014, there was a coup in Ukraine that was completely led by the west. I I don't know if you've ever heard, but like, like I think I sent you actually once the, the tape of Gideon Rose, who was the editor for Foreign Affairs Magazine on the old Stephen Colbert report show back when Colbert was hilarious. And he was just openly bragging about what the game is here. And then he was like, well, Ukraine is kind of like the robin to Russia's Batman. And so our job is to steal Robin away from Batman and make him come over here and join us. And aha, Vladimir Putin's so stupid that he won't do anything. And then Colbert's in his old character.


So he's like, well, shouldn't Obama be spiking the football? And saying, yeah, in your face, Putin and Gideon Rose is like, well, no, no. 'cause then Putin might invade Ukraine, so we wouldn't wanna spike the ball. Oh, but we did sort of spike that ball, didn't we? We totally, like I said, installed the puppet president. And right after we did that, right after we did that, a Ukrainian energy company, Barisma decided to put Hunter Biden, the vice president's son, then vice president's son on its board. In 2014, hunter, a lawyer with no experience in the energy sector, suddenly put on the board of an energy company based in Ukraine.


And suddenly they start doing some pretty big energy deals in that region with Kazakhstan, with an energy company that's based in Delaware, you name it. Hunter Biden starts making bank. And he did all of this while he was a crack head and giving financial kickbacks to his father. That was the big guy. We learned that from his emails also from the laptop that he wanted 10% for the big guy. So what's the lesson in all of this, guys? Why am I actually happy about this? Because finally we can stop listening to the Democrats pretend that they have the moral high ground. They're just implausibly corrupt. In fact, they're ghetto. The Biden family, let's be very clear, they are ghetto. I mean, think about it. The Bidens are so powerful that the entire media tried to convince Americans they really did this.


You gotta go back and read the articles. But it was beautiful and wonderful that after Hunter Biden's brother Bo Biden died of cancer, hunter started sleeping with his wife Halle. Oh my gosh, they should. This is actually beautiful. And they've mourned together and they miss him so much. Please, guys, if I die of cancer and my sisters decide they're gonna date my husband, hunt them down. These are terrible human beings. We all understand this. But the media code is just to defend the Biden family no matter what, because they are like corrupt royalty. That's really what's gone on. And then what happened, obviously, is they did not stay together. In fact, Halle Biden ended up testifying that Hunter got her addicted to crack.


So she became a crack head as well, temporarily. And they both had to go to rehab together, but the Mia didn't care. They were trying to sell it to us. Like this was just a beautiful Cinderella story. This family is also so powerful that after years of Hunter Biden recording himself smoking crack, he dropped off his laptop to be repaired, then never picked it back up because who cares? I'm rich not on a booboo. And when we got to learn what was in that laptop, the entire mainstream media and big tech and the intelligence agencies, do not forget you had all of these former intelligence members, John Brennan being one of them, signed a letter to convince the American public that it was Russian disinformation.


Like I was looking at a photo photos, a trove of photos of Hunter Biden smoking crack. And then I had the intelligence agencies literally being like, do not believe your own eyes. It's your imagination. This is Russian disinformation. I'm like, no, it's a video of Hunter Biden smoking crack. We're like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. And they started banning our accounts and censoring our accounts as we were sharing information going, Hey, this family might be criminal. I think they're involved in some shady dealings in Ukraine. And then as soon as Biden gets into office, the first thing he does is gets involved in Ukraine, pulls us out of Afghanistan, goes straight to Ukraine. The media's like, no, no, no, the bi the laptop is not real. And then they had to admit it was real.


But now it's been so long, people have forgotten about all of the weird things that were in that laptop. I mean, this family is so powerful that they are still keeping the media quiet about the most demented aspects of what was found on that laptop. I know what my account got frozen for on Twitter at the time that it was the text messages between Jim Biden, that Hunter Biden's uncle and Hunter Biden, regarding an allegation that Halle made, that after getting her addicted to crack, hunter Biden was sexually inappropriate with her daughter, meaning Bo's daughter, meaning his niece. That's what we talking about. And by the way, she would have been underage at that time. Media doesn't talk about it. So yeah, don't worry guys, don't worry.


I, his he's being treated unfairly and that's why he's being pardoned. And the women at the View are here to remind us to ignore all the noise and stay focused because it's really about Trump and how corrupt Trump is. And again, hunter Biden was smoking crack. Take a listen. I respect it as a parent, I understand why he would do it. Yeah. But I wonder to understand why lie about it for so long. I I would stop. I've stopped calling it a lie. Okay, why repeatedly say you're not going to, and you do. And secondarily, for the cut part of this country, half of it that doesn't support Biden, doesn't know him personally, doesn't get to have phone calls, and they're just looking at a system that seems like it's only benefits the people who are powered.


Well, I'm gonna say, What precedent does that say? Well, Here's what it says. It's the precedent for all of us to open our eyes because we've elected someone who is in a similar situation who didn't have a drug problem. Oh, who knew what he was doing? Mm. Who clearly was stood and said, I can do this. And he did it. So I think for many, many reasons this is very different than any other situation that we have average dealt. Yeah, you heard it here first. You guys remember the real issue is that Trump doesn't smoke crack. And that's what we gotta focus on. It's like, do we have pay attention?


He smoke. He was, he was high the whole time. But Trump, he's not high. And that's, that's the message that we wanna leave you guys with. If you're gonna, if you're gonna do the thing, If you break the law, it's only okay If you are smoking tons of crack and your daddy becomes president of the United States.


All Right guys, reminding you about Hallow. It's a wonderful app. It's the best way to help keep God at the center of this season. You can join Hallows Advent Pray 25 Prayer Challenge. Hallow is the number one Christian prayer and meditation app in the world, offering thousands of guided prayers to help you get closer to God and for their prayer challenge. It is called For God so loved the world, and it's going to help you experience the transformational power of God's love This advent season in the Prayer Challenge, survivalist Bear Grills and Jonathan Rumi from the Chosen guide you through the book, A severe mercy, a remarkable story of a couple's encounter with God. You'll also hear from Pastor Francis Chan and Jeff Cavins as they take you through reflections on scripture. And actor Kevin James will also be a part of the challenge to discuss the spiritual classic divine intimacy. You'll even hear Advent music from award-winning artists, Gwen Stefani, Lauren Daigle, Matt Maher, and more. This season will be such a beautiful opportunity to be seriously transformed by God. So do not wait. You can get three months free right now when you sign up at Hallow dot com slash Candace. Spend time in the most important things is Christmas. Your relationship with God, that's hello.com/ Candace for three months free of Hallow.


All right, we gotta get into this wicked, this wicked story, this wicked press tour. I don't even know where to begin. Alright, I'll just begin with myself as a parent discussions that me and my husband have, I'm one of those parents that has a list of extracurricular activities that my children are just completely banned from. I know parents, oh, what if they really love the thing? No, my son cannot play football. Neither of my sons are allowed to play football. You only got one brain. You're not gonna keep bashing it. It's not gonna be worth it in the long run. What if he's next? Tom Brady? It's still a no from mom. Oh, well, right. Terrible parent. The other thing is the drama club. Same reason you keep bashing your brain. A lot of times it's just not good for you. And So I have this theory, I've had a story for a long time that it isn't good for kids with developing brains to be very involved in changing their brain chemistry, to get into different characters.


I think long term that has to lead to various personality disorders. And we've seen a lot of examples of child actors and actresses developing various personality disorders. And I think, well, when you tell them to keep playing, make believe, then step out, make believe, then step in, make believe, you're kind of training the brain to do that naturally long list of actors that have done that. Okay? So we get to this Wicked press tour and things are getting really strange. And I'm very uncomfortable. So full disclosure, if you know my commentary in the past, I am non an Ariana Grande fan. I have her to be a homewrecker among very many other things. Obviously she has been vocal about the fact that she has daddy issues. And what really manifests for a lot of women when they don't have a relationship with their father or they have a bad relationship with their father, is that they look for that paternity in sometimes the wrong place is sometimes it's overtly sexual places.


And that has kind of been the story of Ariana Grande as she has wrecked various relationships notoriously Naya Rera and Big Sean. That was a big deal. Naya Revera before her passing wrote about it in her book. You also had Pete Davidson, who was in a two and a half year relationship with a girl named Casie, breaks up with her and begins dating Ariana Grande the next day. So obviously they were talking or whatever. And then she, he dumped his girl. Anyways, then you also had the worst one, which was leading up to this wicked movie that she's been working on for years. It's so dark And so twisted. But essentially there's a guy, I think he plays a munchkin. I may be judging him by his lick. Looks here. Ethan Slater, he's in the Wicked musical movie. And he had his high school sweetheart that he was married to.


She had just had her first child. He starts playing this role in Wicked. And she meets his ex-wife now ex-wife meets Ariana Grande. Ariana Grande holds their newborn. She's literally just postpartum. And then Ariana Grande just steals her man. Lily Jay got her man stolen from, I know people say, oh, well you can't, I know he's hard to look at unfortunate looking guy, but Ariana Grande likes that. She, she just sees a happy couple and she wants to destroy it because she's got some like unresolved stuff from her childhood, whatever. Now she's dating this guy Ethan Slater. And so people have sort of been watching this new Ariana Grande, by the way, she broke up her own marriage also. She was married to somebody at this time to be with this guy. And they're on the Wicked Press tour. And the Wicked, If you're, if you're not familiar with it, it's a Broadway musical.


Personally, I don't even think it's good. It's one of these things where everyone thinks any movie that's about a redemptive arc of the villain is amazing. I saw Wicked on Broadway, of all the Broadway plays I've seen, I thought that one was the weakest script of all of them. I, it was more of a fan of like, Aida, it's not complex. We get it feel bad for the villain always, but it's got a mass cult following. 'cause a lot of kids put this on in high school and they love the music and they love the movie. And Ariana Grande is one of these people getting to the press tour. The they can't stop crying, I just dunno tell you, other than these individuals can't stop crying. And it just leads me to a lot of conclusions about theater kids, I in general, and it makes me question why we ever looked at celebrities and the way that we used to look at celebrities.


I'm going through all of this, like, why did we look up these people? These people are fundamentally, they just got some things going on. Okay, so I'm gonna show you this clip of Ariana Grande and Cynthia, just First and foremost, I'm just gonna show you them holding hands. They, they keep holding hands in this really weird way. I'm just gonna show you this kind of here in the background. Just they're repeatedly reaching out to each other and, and holding hands in a very emotional way, really to prevent one another from crying. Because every time they get asked a really basic question like, Hey, did you like the costumes? They, they just break down in, into tears. And so here is this clip of them on e news and they just sort of break down crying again, watch this Our own No, no, no, we're not gonna, we can't.


We don't have No you, yeah, no we Can't. No, no. You gotta do It. We've cried 500 Times today. We've done it today. We've dead today. And honestly, this is PSA so sorry guys. I'm So, it is what it is. It, I'm like, there's nothing we can do about it. I Can't imagine. And you know what? If, If you're in the comments, we're just gonna saying how Annoying it is. I'll say It first. First. We can't help it. I've said it, it's not on purpose. We, I'm, I'm annoyed. I'm tired. My tear nuts. We Are tired. I can't even, I'm felt the same thing outside. I was like, tired. Do not do it here. You're tired. Do not do it here. But I don't cry before 4:00 PM We can't do it. But we we're been crying. So it in The morning, it's, we are not doing it. But we just had our own private cry in the parking lot just Because this, we, we are, we've like come through like a massive, massive thing and we've really stuck together.


Yeah, the stuff you don't see is the most special Stuff. Yeah. Wow. Whoa. Stop. Whoa. Jesus Christ. Don't do it. I'm leaving. Don't do it. Stop. You guys Can't leave you. No. You're gonna make the gays nervous. The gaze are getting nervous. Your makeup artist is like sweating over there. Do not come in here, don't you? They're All head back tell you back. Okay, I'm gonna, I'm gonna change it. I'm gonna change it for you guys. Okay. And they also, I think it's Out magazine, is that correct Skylar? They, they also spoke to Out magazine and, and similarly they're, they're holding hands in a really weird way and they break down crying throughout this interview. Take a look at this. I've seen this week people are taking the lyrics of Defying Gravity and really holding space with that and feeling power in that.


I didn't know that that was happening. I've seen it. Yeah. Yeah. That's really powerful. Yeah. That's why I wanted, I didn't know that was happening. Why is she crying? I don't understand. Like, it's just like a, it's a really basic comment there. Like people love the song Def find Gravity. It was the breakout song of Wicked. It's not that surprising. I don't know why she wouldn't know that that was happening in general. 'cause it's been happening for about a decade now. And they get asked, I guess people are now asking 'em on the tour, like, why do you guys keep breaking down crying? And here is the reason that they give.


I also have something to say to all the people who have other things to say about the crying. I cried so many times last night. I cried when you get it now. See, How can you not be crying this entire press tour? Like See, that's what we're trying to tell everyone. Thank you so much to say thank you for saying that. We keep trying to say it's, it, it's not because we're just crying out of nowhere. This experience was like a huge life changing, crazy emotional thing. You need to go to Anci Asylum. People think we need to be locked off. We have therapists. Yeah, we're fine. This is, this is, this is good. We grateful people we're just really happy. And it's just a Lot. Yeah. Also, people are noting how Ariana Grande has completely changed her voice.


That's not how she speaks. Just so you know. She typically has like a Latina girl accent and talks a little bit more like this. And I guess she became, she, she got into this movie and now she suddenly talks like this and she decided to explain why it is that she changed her voice. She went on her friend Evan's podcast and he asked her directly, like, people are asking me, which Ariana, do you know, like Ari from the Block or this wicked Ariana? And here's what she had to say. My friend texted me and he goes, which one is the Ari? You know? And I said, they both are, they're both her boys. I mean, first of all, thank you, thank oh my goodness.


Another thing that is really real is that I did just spend a long time playing a character every single day and training my voice to sort sort of do different things for a long time before leaving for London, before any of this, the voice is in the body. It's an instrument. And muscle memory is a real thing. And that's kind of a normal thing I think for people who are, it's their job to transform. I mean, you see male actors be, you know, sure people make jokes here and there as well about, about everybody who experiences something like this. But it's always after the fact that they're like, oh wow, how dedicated to his craft?


What an amazing transformation. He is a brilliant performer. And then it's like, God forbid I like sneeze like Linda or something. Or if I make an intonation that it's just that I am crazy or just someone check on her. It's the weirdest thing I like, it's a very strange thing. After I made that comment, I kind of started thinking about the other ways in which this is normal. And not only normal, but also I had a job to do. People change and habits happen and vocal health And so many different things. It's a strange thing to be under such a, a microscope. Yeah. So I just wanna let you know, none of that is normal.


And these are the kinds of people who really should not get power. And unfortunately this is, these are the kinds of people that do go into our government. This makes me think about Justin Trudeau, who was a drama boy. This makes me think about President Zelensky, who was a drama boy. It makes me think about Emmanuel Macron, who was a drama boy. What she's saying is real. They weave in and out of personalities and they're always constantly playing a part. And you actually can't get to who these people actually are. You have to almost develop a sociopathology to become an actress. And she's done that. She's a different person. So she's just completely accepting and embracing who she is personally. Like I'm starting to wonder if her and Cynthia maybe hooked up. Like if, if Cynthia is about to steal Ariana from Ethan Slater, which would be some like great justice, but it's a, it's, it's a very gay culture.


It's like everybody's a homosexual that's interviewing them. They're doing a lot of homosexual interviews. They're acting homosexual in the interviews. And this is not to, to paint a picture. I'm just saying that that just seems to be the reality. It's out magazine. And so this category and what's happening is very strange. And the breaking down and the crying is very strange. And you should know that it's not normal. It's not normal at all. I don't know what's happening. I still don't like Ariana Grande. But I wanted to cover this because I just, it's, it's really fake and gay and I, I am actually an expert on all matters that are, are fake and gay.


All Right guys, I, we obviously have to get to Cash Patel, very big thing going on there. First I wanna remind you guys about Nimi because Cyber Monday is here. It's Monday. What are you buying online? Well, Nimi Skincare has extended their biggest sale of the year through to Wednesday. So If you missed out on Black Friday, now is your chance to snag some incredible deals and finish your holiday shopping early. You can enjoy 15% off site wide on all NMI skincare products. Everything from their revitalizing serums to their anti-aging routines is on sale. Just use the code Friday 15 at checkout to claim your discount. There are less than 100 exclusive NMI cosmetic bags left for orders over $150 If you want this limited edition gift. Act fast 'cause it's not gonna last much longer just until Wednesday. Nimi Skincare is all about refreshing and rejuvenating your skin with clean and effective products that are made right here in the USA. They're rooted in your values, faith, family freedom. So your purchase will support a company that stands for what matters most. This is Luxury Skincare with Alpha Luxury Price tag. This extended sale ends on Wednesday. So do not wait to treat yourself or check off your Christmas shopping list. Just visit nimi skincare.com. Use code Friday 15. Again, that's NIMI skincare.com and Use code Friday 15 to save 15%.


All right, give you guys, by the way, a a brief update. I got all these phone calls over the weekend, or I guess over Thanksgiving with people saying it's like broken in the news that we got denied. Our visa got denied in New Zealand. That wasn't really a story. So essentially, just so you know, Australia and New Zealand share an immigration system. So because we got denied in Australia, it sort of, they automatically deny you in New Zealand. So the New Zealand immigration spokesperson, jock Gil Gray said that it was rejected because New Zealand law prohibits granting permits individuals that are barred from entering other countries. So it's just, it, it's a weird law actually. It's a strange law mostly because it means that Tony Burke, who is not an elected official in New Zealand, has unilateral power over New Zealanders when it comes to who can go into their country.


Anyways, back channeling the Free Speech union in New Zealand is filing something on our behalf. And I will tell you that New Zealand's government is nothing like Australia. So there's nothing really here to be outraged about other than the fact that their systems are even connected in the first place. Australia is going through a lot though in terms of free speech. And so we just continue to to, to monitor that situation anyways, we have got to get to Cash Patel. Okay, so obviously the Deep State isn't a complete meltdown. This has kind of been the, one of the biggest stories over Thanksgiving weekends president, I have to say President Trump is playing some games. These nominations, these appointments. One day you're like, oh, what are you doing? And then suddenly he's like, does something amazing?


You're like, this is amazing. I love this. Like I was not keen on the appointment of Charles Kushner ambassador to France. Like after he pardoned him, now he's the ambassador to France. And you're like, what? This is just nepotism. Like what is that? What is the purpose of that? And then bam, he says, cash Patel to serve as FBI director. And so I'm not even thinking about Kushner, he's playing with my emotions. That's what Trump is doing. He's playing with our emotions. So let me show you why the deep state is freaking out and allegedly people who have sources are saying that F-B-I-F-B-I members are literally crying because they know that Cas Patel has spoken outwardly about what he would do.


He's by for the record, very young, 44 years old, former federal prosecutor at the DOJ experienced in national security intelligence and counter-terrorism. But the biggest thing is that he helped to uncover all of the FBI corruption and their surveillance of Trump's campaign throughout that first term. And he's been a member of Trump's transition team. He is really their fir their worst nightmare. Pardon? So take a listen to him on the Sean Ryan show describing what he would do to change the FBI take a listen, I'd shut down the FBI Hoover building on day one and reopening the next day as a Museum of the Deep State. And I'd take the 7,000 employees that work in that building and send them across America to chase down criminals.


Go be cops. Your cops go be cops. Go chase down murderers and rapists and drug dealers and violent offenders. What do you need 7,000 people there for? Same thing with DOJ. What are all these people doing here looking for their next government promotion, looking for their next fancy government title, looking for their parachute outta government? So while you're bringing in the right people, you also have to shrink government. So a massive government reform. Yeah. And you gotta work with Congress to eliminate the billets. This is one of the things we did when I was Deputy DNI. We got to DNI and I was like, okay, what do all these people do? We've got the CIA, so why do I have analysts doing the CIA's job here? Why do I have a floor of them? Like, give me a good answer. I I, I don't know everything.


I don't know a lot. But If you can give an answer that satisfies their existence, I'm all in. Well, we just have our own people. Okay, well now we don't, we went to Congress and zeroed out a bunch of billets and they hated us for it. Now you see them. Now you don't. I love the, I love the idea of shutting down the Hoover office building, especially if you know, the backstory of there is never, just so we're clear, there has never been a period in American history when the FBI wasn't corrupt. It is so strange to me that they have just been allowed to exist for so long. There's so many ways in which Trump could put an end to all of that. Not just Kass Patel. Trump could unilaterally just be like, Hey, we're done with the FBI and he should because they were behind killing Martin Luther King Jr.


That's not okay. The FBI, the CIA, they've all been implicit in so many crimes. What they've really been doing is we've turned them, they're, it's basically a gang that became the government. Like they're allowed to impart all of these crimes on American citizens. And there's nothing you can do. There's no system here where you go, okay, well, whatever. We're the deep state. We can do whatever we want. We can prosecute Americans, we can harass Americans, we can spy on Americans like they did with Martin Luther King Jr. Anybody that we don't like, we can put it, we can just ruin their lives. It needs, it needs to end. It really does need to end. And you know that he's the right guy for the job based on how some of these swamp creatures are responding to it. Look no further than Andrew McCabe.


Again, the person who led really the Russian collusion hoax with Trump. He is having a meltdown on CNN about this nomination and everything he's saying as reasons that we should not like cash are reasons that I want him confirmed yesterday. Take a listen, Andrew, I just wanna start first with you and just get your reaction to this news tonight. Yeah, well it's, it's a terrible development for the men and women of the FBI and also for the nation that depends on a highly functioning, professional, independent federal bureau of investigation.


The fact that Cash Patel is profoundly unqualified for this job is not even like a matter for debate. So I think what we should, what we should really be thinking about right now is what does this signal, in terms of Donald Trump's intent for the FBI, the installation or the nomination I guess we should say at this point of cash Patel's FBI director can only possibly be a plan to disrupt, to dismantle, to distract the FBI and to possibly use it as a tool for the president's political agenda. And you know, as an organization we know what that, what that looks like.


This country has been there before, right? The pre Watergate FBI, the j Edgar Hoover, FBI struck fear in the hearts of Americans across the spectrum of politicians, people in entertainment, people in the civil rights community because the director operated at the direction of presidents to collect political intelligence and to utilize the legal authorities, the investigative authorities of the FBI to terrorize and intimidate Americans. So the question is, is that where we're going back to with this nomination, I would argue that Cash Patel would be the perfect person for Donald Trump to nominate, if that's in fact his intent for the FBI.


Listen that buddy, it's not to terrorize and intimidate Americans, it's to terrorize and intimidate those who have been terrorizing and intimidating Americans. And that would be you buddy. We want you to go to jail, Andrew Mcca. I don't know if we, how we can make that clearer. We hope you go to jail. We hope Christopher Ray goes to jail. We hope that we get all the files, which he's promising to do. He's saying that he could just have a 24 7 declassification. Cas Patel has been saying this 24 7 declassification department. He's like declassify nine 11 docs declassify the JFK files. The only time that he's saying the majority, at least more than 50% of these documents are only classified because the feds are protecting themselves. It's not because it's a national security. It, it falls into lines of like, oh my gosh, if we declassify this then it could become a national security problem.


The problem is they are the threats to national security. So they classify things to protect themselves. And Cas Patel is saying what he will declassify it, which would be absolutely amazing for us to see how corrupt these people are. And yes, so many of them should be brought to justice. Andrew McCabe included, okay, you are part of the Russian inclusion hoax and that my friends is likely the reason why Joe Biden just went ahead and decided to pardon Hunter Biden. And by the way, hunter Biden's, pardon? There's a lot of people who were involved in bur Barisma. There are many more individuals that are going to be brought to heal over all the corruption of what went down in Ukraine. That's what they're fearful of. They're gonna try to block this, stop this. It's actually not gonna matter because Trump could, no matter what, I think he could, he could put him in there for at least like 150 days and that's all he needs.


He could put them in in there temporarily, fire the current FBI director, put in Cash Patel temporarily for 150 days and allow him to go in there with absolute fire. So I personally look forward to it. I think it's going to happen. They're obviously going to try to block it. Everybody they're trying to block, we should be wanting to be confirmed. Him Tulsi Gabbard, we'll see what Trump does. But I'm looking forward to, it's all I'll say. All Right guys, now I wanna get into some of your comments. First, gonna quickly remind you about American Financing. 'cause If you are overwhelmed thinking about the upcoming holidays, it is hard to think about that. When everything is more expensive and credit cards are pushed to the max, now is the perfect time to pay off that debt and get your finances under control before the holiday season.


If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you access to equity in your home for instant savings. They are saving homeowners just like you, an average of $800 a month. Think about how that money could help your family. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra holiday funds. It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. The holidays are going to be here before you know it. So call American Financing salary based mortgage consultants today. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay, what do you guys have for me today? What are your questions? Are you also team Hunter Biden? Are you also, crack is whack, but not if the your daddy is the president, then you can do whatever you want.


Alaska dog Lady writes about this regarding Ariana Grande, the entire entertainment industry makes me nauseous. Imagine being this narcissistic. I look at all of them and I just think how sad they make me eternally grateful for my real blessed life. Okay? I've also been going through this thing just to go on a little rant about that. Where I'll get these popups on Instagram of random nineties music or early two thousands music. And I am so sick. And now that I'm an adult and before I was a kid watching these people and I thought they were so grown, I am sorry, but how are they not just like outwardly pedophiles, like a jojo song will come up and I realize she's 13, 14, the music video, and she's like shaking her butt and she's got her midriff out.


And I'm going, what is happening right now? How are they allowing up 13 and 14-year-old do this? And then I saw like Christina Aguilera, who I was obsessed with, I told you guys, I got like grounded for idolizing Christina Aguilera. And my mom was completely in the right, retrospectively, she was so right about this. And I look at this video of her and she's 17 and she's singing about what a girl wants and like rolling and twerking. And I'm going, there were executives in Hollywood who were like, give me a teenage young girl. Get her to dance dirty in front of me and I will turn her into a star. Like we must reflect on how disgusting Hollywood actually is. And by reflect, I mean read the book Hollywood Babylon. 'cause you will realize that they were quite literally like importing pedophiles. They wanted, they were having weird sex parties on set.


And it, it really goes back to the golden decade, the 1920s, the 1930s. And it wasn't so golden. It wasn't a golden time in Hollywood. It was just completely perversed. It's always been this way. But I am shocked now that I am 35 when I look back on these things. And I thought these people were so grown. And I realize these were like little kids. Like Britney Spears was so young. Anyways, like I said, I was going on a rant about that, and that's how I feel. Sarah writes, the most beautiful star is a self-destructive supernova. These celebrities are not in a good place. Yeah, you know, with Ariana, unfortunately, eventually you will reap what you sow. And I have to say, she has sewn a lot. You know, she has sewn a lot. I would not want that karma that she's got in her life in terms of what she's done to other women in this pursuit of a daddy relationship.


And of course, once the Wicke tours over Ethan Slater is out, she'll be onto the next guy, the next relationship. She's just a viper. You know when you remember that guy who came out and spoke to the police and he said hi to kids, hi your wife. That's how I feel about Ariana Granda Grande. You just be like, hide your kid, hide your wife, keep him away. Okay? Hide your husbands, hide your wives because she's about to be back on a loose once again. Lowly writes, have you heard of Gonzalo Lira? Yes. On the Tucker Carlson show, an American citizen that the Ukrainians killed for reporting on the war while in Kiev. That is correct. His father went to her Carlson show. It is a wonderful episode, which people should watch. Gonzalo Lira died at 55 in a Ukrainian prison where he was being held for the crime of criticizing Zelensky.


And the Biden Governments unbelievable corruption. It makes you understand war in a broader context. Everything they're telling you is absolute crap. You know, these people that we work for it, it's just, it's an oligarchy. It really is. Matilda writes, you should look into Cynthia Rio's current partner, Lena Waiti. I didn't know she was gay, I just found out right now. But Cynthia is a lesbian. I could have guessed that. I, I felt that way, the way they were holding hands and Mimi uncomfortable in a way that I was like, did you two sleep with Together? Together? Did you and Ariana, Cynthia, did you guys do something? That's what I wanna know because I, I'm getting the feeling that you guys maybe did something together. I don't know what's going on here. Anyways, this person writes, Lena was apparently married when they met and Cynthia allegedly pulled an Ariana Grande.


Oh, home records getting together to wreck some more homes makes me sick. But I could have guessed it. Weird energy between those two. Anka Fit writes. The same thing happened in Ukraine, is at the verge of happening now in Romania. Follow the presidential election here. You'll be amazed. They're trying to push a Kamala in Romania versus a conservative. Yeah, you know, my husband briefly mentioned that to me, that the conservative candidate is doing better than expected and they're kind of freaking out about it. I will have to look more into it. Anir writes, when is Candace going to investigate the Princess Diana scandal? Do not get me started. I'm on it. That's it right now. I'm in it. I'm in, there's so many scandals I have to investigate so many now that I'm awake to the perverse nature of politics, the perverse nature of Hollywood and just basically everything that we're sold.


It's just a bill of lies. Lastly, SCAD Coe writes, Kai, Candace, I've been following you for a while and I noticed that you often share quotes from the Bible. I recently started reading the Bible myself and as a Muslim, I'm really enjoying the experience. I'm so glad to hear that. Yes. I always say to people, even If you do, you're not religious, even if you're not, not a Christian. Remember they used to just teach the Bible in the classrooms and America was better for that. You should just read the Bible. It's just, it's such a fascinating book. I actually got my hands on a Bible from 1889 and this is when everybody had a family bible. It is incredible. I mean, they used to, they, they included pages for you to write like the bap, the baptisms in your family who got married to who, like your family genealogy. And it's so beautiful and it's so colorful.


I, I've gotta show it to you guys. I know. Maybe tomorrow I'll show you how big. It's literally this thick and this big and it has maps in it and I, I'm now like wanting to collect all old bibles is where I'm at right now, because it's just amazing what you can find in them. Anyways, you guys, that is all that we have for you for today, reminding you If you wanna support our independence, you can go to locals.com, give whatever you can monthly to contribute to the show. You can also go to Club Candace dot com, get all of your Christmas stuff. We're gonna have a, we're gonna actually have a huge Christmas sale happening soon. We have tons of items that you can get. I'm also going to be assigning a thousand more copies of my book. They have not arrived yet, but I'll begin signing them straight away. And yeah, that's all that we have for you today.


We will see you tomorrow.