
All right, you guys. Happy Wednesday. I'm fat and tired, but I am still here. So we can get right back into Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds coverage just for a little bit of this show because I kind of miss them. I miss talking about them and I do have some news. Blake Lively absolutely must drop this lawsuit as soon as humanly possible, or at least when the judge returns and says, absolutely we're not going to have you dismiss from it because there is now just way too much evidence that she and Ryan are strictly speaking, perverts, perverts themselves, like just honestly they are perverted. Also, Elon Musk is out at Doge. There's some decent PR spin on it. They allegedly quote unquote parted ways amicably like a divorce. I mean, you know, we just irreconcilable differences between the Trump, Adam and Elon.


There's a piece of me that thinks that Elon Musk might be a loose cannon. I don't really think he's ever shied away from that fact. So let's discuss it. Lastly, a lot of you were shocked by the Harley Pastor Nick text messages to yay, which shocks me because it shows you how much the media hid them. But then I got some emails from you guys and now I'm shaken and shocked as well. So let's just all share in on that emotion. Welcome back to Candace. So by now, you guys have likely worked through the fact that I'm a little bit obsessed with reading legal documents.


I read legal documents before I go to bed. I just, I don't know why. I've always loved legal arguments, especially when they're brilliant. If you get a good lawyer and there's only a very small percentage of lawyers are actually really good. And I've always enjoyed law as a hobby from a distance, and now I find myself immersed in enough random lawsuits and legal situations that unfortunately a lot of it is applied to my real life. Now with that said, there was a legal doctrine that is known as Unclean Hands. My lawyer, Noah Noah who's become a friend over the years 'cause of the things that we have gone through, he introduced me to it. It's also known as the Dirty Hands doctrine, which is remarkably appropriate given what I'm about to share with you.


And when it's used in court, the argument prevents one party to the person that is suing from Seeking Relief if they have engaged in unethical conduct that's related to the subject of the dispute. So to give you an example, let's say you sue me for disparaging you. Like, I'm like, Hey, don't hire this person. He's an idiot and he is really dumb and you sue me for disparaging you. But then I go to court and I say to the judge, wait, whoa, whoa, but look, look what they said about me. And then it's a video of you and you're like, Candace is an idiot and I don't like her. It's like, this guy's got unclean hands. What are we even talking about here? How can he sue me for the stuff that he engages in himself? You can't engage in the exact same disparagement against me.


It's essentially that Spider-Man meme that's super popular. This one, you know what I'm talking about? Yeah, you, you pointing at you. Hey, are we the same person? Yeah, we're the same person. Now, I admittedly do not know if there would be any special considerations when the subject at the heart of the legal dispute is sexual harassment. But I'm going to assume that there's not any, since the claim that Blake Lively and Justin Bald are arguing over is defamation, which would mean that Blake and Ryan should probably hang this one up. I think that's what's going to come next. Blake cannot claim to be a victim of sexual misconduct on the set of a movie while she openly brags about the unscripted sexual misconduct that she partakes in when she's on the sets of movies.


That's, and that's exactly what she's done. Now this was discovered by a TikTok sleuth named ELs Rich tv. Her bio on Twitter is very funny because she describes herself as an F around and find out associate, which I would say all sleuths on the internet, especially the mommy sleuths, are F around and find out associates. And I would also say that Ryan and Blake have definitely effed around and they are at that part where they are finding out. And anyways, she was able to dig up one of these, again, directors and actors talking about certain scenes and usually included If you buy, if you're a dinosaur like me, the Blu-ray, DVDI think is where this one was found.


And you can get all sorts of, you know, little tidbits of them discussing how certain scenes came together. And she was able to find that for a simple favor. The the first movie, A Simple Favor, you have Blake Lively speaking with her co-star about a scene in which she grabs his crotch. And guess who came up with it and improvise it? Well, it was Blake Lively herself. Take a listen. Not Blake Lively confessing to grabbing her co-stars nuts because she felt like that's just what her character would do. Wait, so am I blaming my husband? Am saying her Right? This is one of my favorite additions that you came up with is nuts.


You know when you really went for it, That's always awkward and you're like, Hey, hi, nice to meet you. Can I grab your neck Really hard? But really hard. It's Not because I want to, because I feel like she Would remember. We kept going like, can you kept going? Can you do it harder? Yeah. And that was my, my tip of the hat to Baby Jane Hudson. Yes. Oh, spinning on the beach. That's so great. Then we knew we had yard a little extra like the little Anderson stuck. It's fantastic Aviation American Ginni again. Wow, shameless, Oh my God, I want dividends. Okay, so just to be clear, she is speaking with Paul Fa, who's the director of the movie and he's basically complimenting her for coming up with this, like this Lauren Improv move of grabbing her co-stars private parts, which you can see right here in a still.


And she's laughing about it and then he laughs as, as Paul Fake does. He is like it does. And he is like, what's even funnier is we were like harder, harder. And you were so great at coming up with this move because she felt like that's what her character would do. So to recap, grabbing her co-stars genitals seems like a perfectly acceptable addition to a scene, or it did seem like a perfectly acceptable addition to a scene back in 2018. But something happened to Blake and by 2024 she was clutching her pearls, she was clutching her per, she just needed nobody to say anything to her ever out of character or anything because she moved to file a civil rights complaint in California because Justin Bald stepped out of character when they were filming a slow dancing scene.


And he responded to her that she smelled good, that she smelled good when she mentioned her spray tant. And that was like, oh my gosh, where's my husband? Somebody get me dead Bull please. So I just survived. I'm a sur hashtag survivor. Now I'm gonna go to marches and I'm going to relate to people what it's like to survive when somebody responds to me bringing up my spray tan. Her entire lawsuit is how Justin Bald responded to her. That's actually one of the arguments. She's making me be dismissed. She's like, I didn't lie, I just didn't contextualize, your honor.


I didn't lie. He did come into my trailer while I was breastfeeding. I just left out that portion of a lawsuit that that portion of the truth, which is that I told him to come into, told him to come into the trailer while I was breastfeeding. So I shouldn't be sued. I'm not a liar. Now when you couple this with Ryan's disturbing insistence that his 7-year-old daughter make that extremely crass joke, of course about Hugh Jackman's junk, you really start to wonder what they're thinking going through with this lawsuit for another second. Remember, both of them are being asked to be dropped from Justin Baldon. He's defamation suit Ryan, because he was simply according to him just being a, a loving husband and what husband would not defend his wife when she's being abused on set, he just happened to leave out the part like her didn't contextualize that while he was defending his wife, he was also simultaneously forcing his 7-year-old daughter Ines to make penis jokes in Deadpool.


So let's listen to him just recount that moment again speaking to the director about how funny it was because she really didn't wanna do it at all. Take a listen With you. Hey, when I want your opinion, I'll take Wolverines outta your mouth. That's Kid Guiltily, that is my daughter in s I'm so Sorry we had to Admit that. And I am father of the year over here for allowing her to say such language, which to her credit she really didn't wanna say. And then came back later and said, I wanna say it now, when I started looking at other people to play, yeah, But Ryan, to our discredit, we made Nazi do, I'm not you, 70 to 500 versions Yeah.


Of that line. Yeah, I, yeah, I'm gonna pay for that later 70 to 500 versions of that line. Why somebody who is a defender of Ryan Reynolds, please, in the comments tell me like make that make sense. Maybe I'm just not hip to movies and what happens on set. Why would you need a child to repeatedly from 70 to 500 times say that graphic line if it's not just something that you're enjoying? Okay. And I also can't stress enough that what he did there is and should be considered a, a form of child abuse because he is admitting openly that he manipulated his child by making her believe that she was not the right person for the movie role because she was unwilling to be more mature, I guess, right?


Like, oh, we really need you to say this graphic line and If you can't say it, then I understand, honey, I totally understand. We just have to search for another more mature actor who can handle this role. He said this to his daughter, okay, he said this to his daughter that he was looking for somebody else to fulfill the role because she wouldn't save a line. And he said this to her as the most senior person with the most power on set, a person who could have incorporated AI voice if he wanted to, if she wasn't comfortable. It's your daughter. We, you know, bend over backwards, we're gonna use ai. It's totally fine. He could have rewritten the lines entirely as we know because he wrote all of those meaningless lines for nice pool.


He is the person on set who single-handedly had enough power to cast and insert Channing Tatu into the script as gambit kind of. 'cause he just wanted to, I think, annoy his ex-wife, Scarlett Johanson, who was working with him on a movie at the time. But essentially this shows you that whatever Ryan wants, Ryan gets when it comes to Deadpool, alright? He even got to decide the filming schedule to accommodate the location. Remember they filmed for the first time overseas in the uk, we were accommodating the location to match up with the schedule of his precious Rham football club. When it came down to his daughter, he gave his precious seven-year-old daughter the idea that on the topic of her unwillingness to say something pornographic, his hands were tied.


He was just rendered powerless. We're just gonna, I'm sorry, my God, the boss. If you're not gonna save a line about Hugh Jackman's parts, then we're gonna have to find another actor. Oh, you wanna do it now? Oh, that's so wonderful, wildly manip, wildly manipulative and also abusive. And it's, it really makes it interesting when you reflect upon Blake and Ryan's 17 list of non-negotiable conditions for her to return to set. When you recognize that these people are constantly making perverted jokes, insisting on perverted jokes, and then you reread through that list of 17 non-negotiables, you know, everything must, we must have an intimacy coordinator present at all times when the artist is onset, even though she contextualized declined that intimacy coordinator.


There's to be no spontaneous number three really gets me. There's to be no spontaneous improvising of any scenes involving intimate, sexual, physical, touching, simulated sex or nudity with respect to the artist. Just for some context it actually never happened. But that's not her point. There just shouldn't be, just absolutely shouldn't be. Now I will say this regarding Blake Lively today, her current day pr, it does seem to me that she has completely pivoted her strategy entirely. People are calling her out on it being mean about it. You know, the donuts, we're gonna get to that, but I actually think she's doing the right thing. I think that her PR strategy before was really just consisted of her listening to her husband, who is registering to me and the rest of the world as a malignant narcissist.


Obviously the worst PR plan ever, ever executed following this entire debacle was the idea that they should show up at Saturday Night Lives 50th anniversary dressed to the nines and million dollar dresses. Yeah, that didn't work out. Walking the red carpet amongst other A-listers, making jokes about your alleged assault or your alleged harassment. Now she's very clearly keeping away from Ryan Reynolds publicly at least, right? She's very clearly pulling back. She hasn't been seen with him since and we know that she decided to attend a Simple Favor two at South by Southwest solo, which is unusual for them because they do everything together.


Like she says, we just do everything together, we're constantly promoting things together. And now she's realizing people maybe hate my husband more than they hate me. And So I need to do my own thing and I need to not look like the obnoxious Alister that I am and try to look normal, like humble myself a bit. And guess what she's doing? She's baking. This is, this is the headline that ran bl Blake Lively surprises fans by working behind the counter at a Connecticut donut shop. And it says that she was in a really happy mood. The source told people that The source, by the way, is her PR team. It's Leslie Sloan If you wanted to know. It's not a secret, but they did a good job with this. It says Blake Lively survived fans by working behind the counter. Like she's like a regular working woman now at a donut shop in Connecticut that's hard work donut shops.


She went out there on Sunday and she was baking with her friends using a kitchen mixer. So relatable. She's honestly, she's doing it better than Meghan Markle. And she captioned it. She put it on her stories to show people and she said she wrote here baking with genius food friends and their kitchen mixer, which is the size of a car. This is what my happy place looks like, by the way. It is authentic. Unlike Meghan Markle, like Blake Lively has always had an interest in cooking. And the source, again, Leslie Sloan PR told People magazine that she was in a really happy mood and said that she's friends with the owner. This was at Rise Donuts in Wilton, Connecticut and she's highlighted her love of baking in the past.


She shared many of her culinary creations and, And so this is, I have to say this is pretty decent PR and it's also good PR because she's with her family while she's doing this in the background of these photos, you can see, I always tell you this, that's the actual talented sister. Like let's not forget Robin Lively slayed the day when I was growing up, like, don't act like you didn't watch Teen Witch. Come on, pretty woman, won't you rob with us? Come on. Pretty woman, don't you put up up fuss. I'm gonna be the most popular girl. Like, I don't know why she's not more famous than her sister. So anyways, Robin, Robin Lively being in the background is a whole vibe. It's just a whole vibe.


Now in Ryan Reynolds land, I, I guess he recently post on Instagram that he visited the United Nations. I think they're probably sat down and were like, how can we make you look like a good person? It's really difficult right now. And they're like, what about saving the world? Right? That's what the United Nations is supposed to be known for. I disagree with that. I think there are a bunch of NGOs. But anyways, let's get you at the United Nations. So he posted that onto his Instagram. We're supposed to imagine him as saving the world, caring about people. And I don't know if I am broken, but look at this photo that he took outside. This really annoys me. This, I just think he looks like a smug piece of crap. I don't like the way he's standing, but it could be me, it could be Maybe you guys are feeling like, no, this is good.


Like he looks like he's like a good person who might feed the children in Africa. I think he looks like he is trying to pose perfectly as if he's walking a red carpet, but it just happens to be at the un. But again, I'm emotionally broken, So I, I would just ignore that. I just wanted show you that picture and see how you guys felt about it. Anyways, I wanna get back into this Harley pastor Nick story with Yay and something that was brought up to me that sent to chill down my spine and is probably gonna send me down a million rabbit holes and it's gonna be a really stressful maternity leave because I'm just gonna be ebb down every rabbit hole down every Reddit feed down every Twitter feed.


Anyways, before we get to that, lemme tell you about Gold Co. 'cause over the last month we have truly seen how much wasteful spending the last administration was doing while the Fed has been working to reign in inflation. The broader economy is still feeling the effects, particularly in everyday items like food, housing, and healthcare. If you've been worried about your savings or retirement, it's time to take a look at diversifying your savings with Gold Co Gold has been recognized as a store of wealth for thousands of years, unlike other assets, its value is not tied to the performance of any company or government making it less susceptible to the volatility of the financial markets. Both Co has made buying metals very simple. They're a huge supporter of the show and they're very good at what they do. Right now you can get a free thousand 25 gold and silver kit jam packed with great information about buying precious metals. You could also qualify for up to a 10% instant match in Bonus Silver. It's a really great deal, especially right now. So go to Candace likes gold.com to learn more. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


Quick update regarding Harley Nik and yay. So first off, I was surprised that you guys did not know that story. A lot of you guys had never even heard of it, which really shows how great of a job the media did in terms of protecting Harley Nik and of course naturally lead you to wanting to know why they would do that, right? Oh, this is, it's so scandalous what was done. You would just imagine that they would be covering this extensively and that Harley Nik would be chased out of Hollywood. But nope, he was protected. Anyways, Val Kilmer died yesterday and one of you guys emailed me and were like another one of Harley pastor Nick's clients died of pneumonia. I don't actually think Harley had anything to do with that one.


I think he had a lot of underlying health issues, Val Kilmer. But many of you in the comments pointed out that we should do a deeper dive on Harley, pastor Nick in general in general. And you're so correct, especially because as it turns out, you guys, especially my book Club Peeps were like deep on the MK Ultra Program and mind control experiments of the sixties. There was a senior person who was running the MK Ultra Program, which to, for those of you who are not aware, but you should be aware as you're watching the show, it was a mind control and a chemical interrogation program using, you know, LSD, other psychotic medicines and essentially just trying to control people's behaviors and trying to see If you could get people to commit crimes.


And it was based in Canada, to be clear, it was based in Canada and one of these senior guys a part of this MK Ultra Canadian program, his last name was Pastor Nick. One of you guys emailed me this article from 1974, which was published in the Washington Post. And here's what I wanna say, shout out to all of you people who have kept and photocopied newspaper articles from like the sixties and seventies. You guys are the real heroes in life and I promise I'm gonna be that person like I'm printing out and saving documents so that my kids will know what actually happened. Those are just trying to wipe history and make us forget. But I wanna pull that up because we should definitely read this.


Now it's, it's obviously scanned, but just the first couple of paragraph it says four former, well, let me just tell you the title in the Washington Post, senators would force four CIA mind controllers to testify. So the MK Ultra program was exposed. And then of course we always have to do the song and dance where Congress pretends like they're really gonna get to the bottom of these things and they never do. This is, it's just the, these commissions that they put together to investigate and nobody ever gets in trouble. It's basically just laughing at the public's face. Well this article, which was written by Bill Richards reads four former members of a secret CIA behavioral control project where subpoenaed yesterday to testify publicly about the drug tests and other human mind control experiments conducted in the 1950s and the 1960s.


The subpoenas were issued by Senator Edward m Kennedy's subcommittee on health and scientific research after one of the four Walter p. Pastor Nick did not show up at a closed subcommittee session. Okay, the subpoenas are for September 9th, and we learned that this pastor Nick, a former CIA employee, had gone into hiding after notifying investigators 24 hours earlier that he would appear. Pastor Nick has been linked to one of the more bizarre projects in MK Ultra, the code name for the intelligence agencies mind control experiments, Senate investigators have receipts signed by the former CIA employee for 52,000 in $100 bills that were distributed to persons involved in Operation Midnight Climax.


That project involved alleged prostitutes and drugs given to unwitting persons, luring them into a safe house operated by the CIA in San Francisco. Nik has also provided the subcommittee with a somewhat unclear account of the activities of a society for the investigation of human ecology, a CIA funded research group that conducted human behavior experiments in addition to Pastor Nick, Senator subpoenaed Dr. Sidney Gottlieb. Now guys, I'm telling you the Gotlieb, If you, you just gotta re chaos. I can't, I I can't get into that right now, but like this is like some weird stuff happened. A lot of Eastern Europeans came in here, Lithuania, Poland and weird stuff just started happening.


And the sixties and recognizing that period of the most sadistic experimentation that could have plausibly taken place upon a population being executed by its government, it's dark and it's twisted and is why I recommend that everybody read that book because you have to come to terms with the fact that this stuff is real. It's all real. It's like the occult is real, it's all very real. And this guy is just, this journalist is absolutely amazing who put together this book after 20 plus years of research. But it is interesting. And so now I feel that I need to look into the Pastor Nick family in Canada to see if there is any relation because as we learned yesterday, yes, our, our boy Harley pastor Nick, it is from Canada, he is from Toronto, and yes, he was working with the government on psychiatric programs.


And here's another thread that my producer found at the time, nobody would touch covering what Kanye was saying. They just were saying he's crazy, he's crazy. Don't listen to him. Which is what they do by the way. And that will get you into Sigmund Freud and learning about, basically his only contribution is learning how to gaslight the public when they discover things that are going on. So Mr Programs and the best way to gaslight is to just diagnose everybody and say, oh, that person's had a mental break. You see the press now engaging in this. They did this to me last year. They were like, oh she's, she's suffering from postpartum psychosis. Like, I'm like, okay, alright, I guess. But they're trained to do this, to make the public believe everybody's always having a mental breakdown so that people don't listen to them.


And so you get this guy, this journalist, his name is Patrick Casey, he's been published in The Federalist and the Blaze, and he put together this thread right at this time he wrote, who is Harley pastor Nick, the man whom Kanye West has accused of trying to institutionalize him, drug him into oblivion and take his kids away. As it turns out, this personal trainer is connected to psychological operations, the Canadian military and other strangeness. He then points out that at this time, again, this is back in 2022, that someone had removed from Harley PA's Wikipedia entry. Two main things. One, any reference to Kanye West. And two, the lengthy list of his former clients.


Curious, isn't it? Look for yourself, here is the list of Harley's noteworthy clients. Someone doesn't want you to see this. Note that some of his former clients had mental breakdowns or died under suspicious circumstances. Mac Miller, Brittany Murphy not listed and others credit to Uncle dor for the last two. Also worth noting is the fact that Kanye West was hospitalized in late 2016. Where was he at the onset of his alleged breakdown? Harley past Nick's home. Of course, note that in the text messages that Kanye posted, Harley threatens to have him institutionalized again. So he was at Harley past Nick's home. And I knew this and some of you guys saw, but I was just like telling the public this for the first time.


It was some of you guys wrote, Candace, why didn't you share us before about, you know, why you don't speak macho And Kanye guys, YouTube took it down, but I interviewed Kanye about this. They took it down from YouTube last year. You can get it on Spotify. Just go down earlier into one of our episodes and you'll see it's me and Ye discussing what happened to him. And the fact that everyone who did this to him when he was institutionalized, the doctor who gave him the drugs, the, and then Harley snick threatening him, he spoke about how they were all Jewish. And so everyone just ignores that part, the the genesis of Kanye West speaking out against Jews in Hollywood. And they're like, whoa, Kanye West's words are problematic and I'm just wondering If you survived what he survived, what would you be like?


You know, it's just, it's so tremendous to sit on the side of privilege and to have never had a friend and a personal trainer who invited you to his house and then drugged you and threatened to take your kids away and then called his doctor friend and got it done. Anyways, let's get back into this chain 'cause I, I just wanna continue it and then he says, but just, who is Harley pastor Nick, he's a personal trainer, right? Let's take a look at his background. At first glance, nothing stands out. He's just an educated man with a master's degree in exercise and nutrition science that isn't the full story. This Wikipedia page states that quote, during his time at the University of Toronto, pastor Nick served as nutrition and exercise scientist at the Department of National Defense's Defense and Civil Institute for Environmental Medicine, the Department of National Defense.


DND is the Canadian Government's Department, which supports the Canadian Armed Forces. It's a civilization organization, a support system of sorts for the military. I'm not sure what the US equivalent might be, the DOD. The DHS regardless. Harley Nik worked as a scientist for two years at DRDC Toronto, one of the defense research and development Canad Canadian military research stations, the DRDC is a part of the DND, what sort of stuff is researched at the DRDC. And he quotes this directly from the Wikipedia page. Human systems integration, social and psychological factors that affect the resolution of conflict psychology, of malicious intent, social and cultural factors influencing behavior.


And he goes on and says, does that say show more? You wanna hit that Skylar? And then he sums it up by saying literal psychological operations. He goes on to write, but we don't have to rely on a website to tell us here's Harley Pastic. In his own words quote, working for the military. I wasn't governed by the same laws that the typical person was. So I could look at the impact of certain drugs that are not everyday things. Now the reason why that in a chill down my si my spine, because for those of you that haven't read that book, chaos, they talk about a scene in which Dr. Sidney Gottlieb and Leslie Jolly were very clearly involved in experimenting on our military men.


And one guy, they wanted to experiment to see if they could get him to commit a crime. Anyways, this guy who had never had a a family served in the military, never been arrested, never been in trouble for anything is seen like walking with blood on his hands and he's like, I don't know where I am, I don't know where I am. Fast forward this guy got the electric chair for doing something, A very graphic crime that he has no memory of at all. And it's just very important that you read that book and understand that they were doing this to people who were signing up to defend their country. And it's why I am so opposed to forcing people in the military to get vaccines, experimental vaccines because they have been experimenting on our troops for decades and it's quite sinister.


Jumping back into this thread, he says the stuff with the DND gets weirder. This branch of the Canadian government once included the Defense research Board, the DRB quite literally funded MK Ultra as did the CIA. So where Harvey was a scientist at and was allowed to bend the rules. Harley pardon was allowed to bend the rules. It was a place that literally funded MK Ultra. This program involved forced experiments with drugs, sensory deprivation and brainwashing. He sums this up by saying to recap Harley Nik, the personal trainer who got Kanye institutionalized once and is allegedly threatening to do it again, have the rapper drugged and take his kids away, was a scientist at a psyop oriented military research center whose work focused on drugs.


Wild. Yeah, it is pretty wild. And it gets wilder when you just consider the fact that the media wouldn't report on it is what do they know about Harley Pasek? He's one of the untouchables, I think is what I would say. One of the untouchables, you leave it alone and let's just keep focusing on calling Kanye crazy and not getting to the source of what caused him to say these things. I couldn't even imagine sharing that message like Kanye did on X and probably feeling so free like now everyone's gonna understand what happened to me and it's just crickets. And instead you get attacked and nothing happens to the person that did this to you and openly threatened to do it again like he admitted to a crime in the text message in my viewpoint.


Anyways, we will wrap that up for now, but I definitely am gonna look more into this William, pastor Nick guy who was giving the, giving Congress a hard time in the seventies when they were investigating MK Ultra. Because I think where there's smoke there does tend to be fire. I talk about Elon Musk speaking of smoke and fire because there's some breaking news today. Elon Musk is reportedly stepping down from Doge, as I said at the top of show, the language here is interesting. Politico is reporting that Trump told his inner circle that Musk will leave soon. And it definitely sounds like there's a PR team trying to massage the breakup as something that's just, you know, we, they just came to an agreement that they would be better apart.


And there's a lot that I wanna say here First and foremost because I, right when Elon Musk and Vivek suddenly left, I sensed that Elon Musk was the problem and I thought, I felt that Vivek should have been leading Doge and not Elon Musk for a lot of reasons. The number one reason being stability. I have found Elon Musk to be somewhat problematic and I'll explain to you why and see If you agree with me. But first, here are the facts. Just as reported by Politico, they say that President Donald Trump has told his inner circle, including members of his cabinet, that Elon Musk will be stepping back in the coming weeks from his current role as governing partner, ubiquitous cheerleader, and Washington Hatchet man, the president remains pleased with Musk and his department of Government efficiency initiative.


But both men had decided in recent days that it'll soon be time for Musk to return to his businesses and take on a supporting role according to three Trump insiders who were granted anonymity to describe the evolving relationship. And why does this sound like they're like in a relationship, right? They're evolving relationship. It's like they're really trying to massage this. It goes on and says Musks looming retreat comes as some Trump administration insiders and many outside allies have been frustrated with his unpredictability and increasingly view the billionaire as a political liability. A dynamic that was thrown into stark relief Tuesday when a conservative judge, a stark reality, pardon?


Pardon? Thursday, when a conservative Judge Musk vocally supported, lost his bid for a Wisconsin Supreme Court seat by 10 points. Many say Elon is unpredictable and an unpredictable, an unpredictable unmanageable force who has had issues communicating his plans with cabinet secretaries and through the White House chain of command led by chief of staff Susie Wildes frequently sending them into a frenzy with unexpected and off message comments on X, his social media platform, including sharing unvetted and uncoordinated plans to gut the federal agencies. Trump had a cabinet meeting on March 24th where he told attendees, attendees that Musk would be transitioning out of the administration according to one of the insiders, a senior administration official confirmed Trump discussed Musk's transition at the meeting.


It's also being reported that he clashed with Susie Wiles, who is Trump's chief of staff. She has a lot of power. And from one article it says that her frustrations stemmed from his failure to loop her into plans to gut the agencies and Vanity Fair reports that she encouraged the Secretary of State, Marco Rubio and other cabinet secretaries to air their grievances with Musk directly to the president after they came to vent to her about him. And here's what I'm gonna say about this, okay? People on the right worship Pat Technocrats, like people on the left worship Hollywood, that's the reality, okay? We mock people on the left all the time. Oh, Taylor Swift says vote and then they go do it.


Or Op Oprah says vote and then they go do it. And then I see Arsa our side engaging in the exact same kind of behavior when it comes to like Elon Musk, Jeff Bezos, Sam Altman, you know, they get, they go to the White House, it's like, nevermind, they're on our team. Like they were on our team for five seconds and no one's betted anything, but they're just like, I don't know, they are, they're just like tech lords. Silicon Valley is the conservative Hollywood in my viewpoint, the speed at which Trump instantly forgave and welcomed all of the people and just seemingly forgot everything that these tech people put the MAGA movement through in order to keep him out of office.


It's just kind of shocking. Like what was Sam Altman doing at the inauguration? Mark Zuckerberg, what were they all doing there? Just ask us that. Ask you that question. Elon Musk got behind Trump at the very end, right when Victory was in the site. He was like, I, I am the number one Trumper. And the next thing you know, he is like living at Mar-a-Lago. And somehow also I'm supposed to believe running three businesses, same thing when it comes to Peter Thiel, Tim Cook. It's like these people are Gods untouchable. And it's been very embarrassing for me as a conservative to watch people who are completely unable to call out behavior that does not align with conservative principles. Or at least to attempt to more truly assess what their aims are.


Okay? Because I don't think it's the conservation of values. Okay? Or I'll ask the question, lemme not be judgemental. What conservative value does Elon Musk hold dear that made him worthy of his proximity to Trump's administration? Take a second. Just like, let, let's take a second here, right? We're, we're on a classroom, what was it, Elon Musk. What was the value that he had? And please don't say you went all in on doe, like he was the only person cut for the job of cutting government spending. Any business accountant worth their salt could have cut government costs. You don't need a celebrity, you don't need someone who likes rockets and space to do that. Okay? You just need a very good accountant that, Hey, could you cut?


Yeah, sure. Okay. You don't need to do any press or anything, you're just gonna sit here and cut. Yeah, I'm, that's what I do. I'm an accountant. Get yourself a forensic accountant. There are entire firms that specialize in this. So it can't be that. You can't be, I, I hope we're not that fickle. Is it a stance on family? Is there anyone who's had more baby mama drama? I have been so bothered by this and I've been so disturbed as people are like he is being taken advantage of Poor trillionaire. Poor gazillionaire with 19 baby mamas. He had no idea. He had no idea who Ashley St. Clair was. Oh yeah, sure. He runs three businesses. He could have gone over everything she's ever put on the internet and hired a firm to do it. He could have just like bought a private equity firm and said, actually, I don't want you to do any private equity.


I just want you to search Ashley St. Clair's entire life in tweets. But no, he's a victim. Okay. And recently, by the way, she was in the news because she's getting her Tesla towed and he's sniping at her on X and it's embarrassing. It's just embarrassing. He cut back her, her, I guess the money he was giving her was a hundred thousand dollars a month and he cut it back by 60%. So now what? She's getting $40,000 a month and he, could you pull this up onto, you have to pull this up, Skylar on X Like the other day when he wrote under, I think it was Laura Loomer's tweet, he's like, I don't know if this is my baby, but I've thus far given her $2.5 million and I'm still gonna give her x amount of dollars per month.


It was petty Betty. And this showed to me that he is an emotional man. He's an erratic man and he will make his children suffer to get back at their baby mamas if he wants to, right? There's just no reason that she's having a Tesla tote. It's just weird. It's just absolutely weird. I don't care if people look at that and go, well, $2.5 million over two years is a lot of money. Yeah. When you're not sleeping with Elon Musk, it might sound like a lot of money, but like if you're gonna raise the baby alone, he's not gonna see the baby alone. I'm sorry, I I don't really care. I I he's not a victim here. As I said, this is like his 15th child. Okay. Like he knows how babies are made. So it couldn't have been his stance on family that drove you towards Elon Musk.


Was it a stance on faith? Is it, are you a Christian? Are, were you one of these Christians that got behind him? Because I'm pretty sure that he's a part of the transhumanist movement. Meaning when are we gonna turn everybody into AI movements? Okay. When are humans gonna merge with robots? This is what he tweeted this morning. I couldn't even believe it. He tweeted, as I mentioned several years ago, it increasingly appears that humanity is a biological bootloader for digital super intelligence. Ah, yes. God created the human soul so that we could become slaves to tech. That's it. We're just here to load it up, load it up, have fun tech. Yeah. And people just didn't have an issue.


They're just like, this is all fine. It's all fine. What has the MAGA movement become? I'm asking a serious question. What has this movement become? Because I was down with this about, you know, family values. I was down with this when we were fighting big tech, when we were fighting for speech. Now they're bringing in speech laws. This is getting crazy. And some people just don't have the courage. I guess everybody's just a bandwagon fan. And because Trump was on the bandwagon, everyone just got on the Elon Musk bandwagon, no questions asked. The petty behavior when he was like blocking accounts and taking away check marks. 'cause somebody agreed with him over h disagreed with him over H one b visas. I, I don't even know how you can productively run three businesses if that's your approach to life.


If when you get angry, you try to make people suffer, whether it's your baby mama or it's someone who's just disagreeing with you over H one B visas. That's, that's baby, baby-ish behavior. And I, I, I struggle to believe that he's heading up three companies if this is how he acts. 'cause you can't unite people around that kind of behavior. And kudos to the people who had the courage to say, something's not right here. Who didn't go along with the crowd, who don't just follow the, follow the leader and go, well, Trump likes him, so that's enough. It's okay if he wants to turn us all into robots and put chips in our brain, no questions asked. Here's my brain. Put a chip. Kudos to Steve Bannon who called this out early. Take a listen.


He's got a glass draw he can't take because of the, I don't know the autism or where he is on the spectrum. He's clearly not. He's got the maturity of a 11-year-old. You can tell that. But he, it's, it's, it's obvious he can't take criticism. He, one of his weaknesses is that he, he needs to be loved. He needs the masses to love him. He, you can tell when he's on the stage, he needs that glory. This is to have a digital ghetto and to only have raised up what praises him. That that's the, that's the, that that is like the little boy's mentality. If I wanna be the superhero, I wanna put the cape on and kinda skip around. You see this a lot in Danbury.


These what they call chomos, what they call the, these sex offenders. They've got this men, they've had a maturity level that has stopped and they, they want to, you know, they wanna be, they all watch the movies, they have the Cape Crusaders on there. It's a, it's a, it's an absolute indication of immature. I agree. I've always agreed with on that. I think he read that correctly. And it was, like I said, not a popular opinion. It's not a popular opinion because people have turned him into some sort of a superhero. And every time he does something that's completely ridiculous and indicative of the fact that he's, that he's snippy and he gets angry and that he then will use his power to try to hurt somebody.


People excuse it. Oh, well he's autistic. That's why, that's why he's taking away and publicly embarrassing one of his baby mamas. Yeah, she's, she's the problem actually not him. He could do no wrong 18, 19, 7, 3000 baby mamas. And it's just like he just didn't know. He just, and we're just gonna keep saying he's autistic and we're not gonna actually assess what he's doing here. That stands counter to what we're supposed to believe in as a movement anyways. And doesn't take someone who is known to be the most eloquent person in the world to assess that something was very wrong there. And I think they're making the right move. If, if Susan Wiles executed this behind the scenes by getting people who were probably terrified to critique him to Trump.


If she did that, then I think she made a good move because I've heard that he's quite erratic and he gets angry and he doesn't let go of things just as Steven Steven is describing, but also UFC fighter, Bryce Mitchell called it out the earliest. He says stuff and he just was like, just you wait just spiritually on some, I'm not feeling the vibes when it comes to Elon Musk. Here's what he said back in December. Take a listen. You've been critical of Elon Musk. How do you feel about his involvement with the Doge? Well, I think that time will, will prove me correct. Time will always reveal someone's true character. And If you put that man in a position of power, his true character will be revealed.


And let's just put it this way. He has all the money in this country. He's the wealthiest man in the country and he wasted on rockets. Man, think about it, dude. He could actually help people with that money, but he don't give a shit about you. He's got all the money in the world to help you. It'd be a penny to him and you would never have to work again. You, he don't give a shit about you though. He wants to waste it on rockets and waste it on all these cars that suck and time will reveal the character of that man. And the more he gets under the spotlight, you can't fake it forever. His character will be revealed and you mark my words, it will be seen that he's a rap bastard. And you know, if I had all that money, I would like to think I would help people more than he does.


Doge was only supposed to be an organization that lasted for six months. Vivic left after month one. And I had sense that had something to do with Elon Musk and if Vivic would have been great, I wanted the campaign trail with him. And I'm telling you, he was very forthright, extremely hardworking. He doesn't drink, never drink nothing. You know, we know that Elon Musk does special K ketamine and I thought that he would've done a very good job in that role. And obviously their personalities clashed and now it's March and Elon Musk is gone. So was there a lesson learned here or are we all just gonna pretend like everything is fine and normal and continue to worship people because they have a lot of money? Like that's 'cause that's what it comes down to. We're just worshiping people because they have a lot of money and not asking meaningful questions.


Anyways, you guys, you may have noticed that my skin is looking great. It's never too late to continue embracing positive change in your life. If you're ready to maintain the new year, new MI momentum, look no further than Nimi Skincare. From gentle formulas to luxurious treatments, Nimi offers everything you need to keep your skin glowing. Right now. If you use code Candace 10 at checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. Whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is the perfect opportunity to try NAMI's transformative skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare isn't just another beauty brand, it's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom proudly made in the USA. So we're looking for something extra gentle. You can try Mimi's clean fragrance-free formulas. They're extremely ideal for sensitive skin and those seeking a pure approach self-care. Again, use code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. That's spelled NIMI skincare.com. Promo code Candace 10. And you'll save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself or someone special the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and keep that fresh start feeling going strong. Well in 2025, that's Nimi Skincare dot com. Promote code Candace 10.


Also, before we get to comments and reminding you guys about Home Title Lock, it's super important because there are scammers that can literally steal your home right out from under you. The FBI calls it house stealing. And it's a growing real estate scam that targets American homeowners. And here's how it works. Basically, criminals just forge your signature on one document. They use a fake notary stamp, they pay a small fee, and then they file it with your local recorder's office. And just like that, your home title has been transferred out of your name. It's that easy. If I ask you right now, when was the last time you checked your home title, you're probably gonna answer like me and say, well never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. That's why I trust my home now to Home Title Lock. Their million dollar triple lock protection helps keep your home and equity safe. With Home Title Lock, you'll get immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property urgent alerts if there are any changes. And if fraud should happen, their US based restoration team will spend up to $1 million to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. And here's the best part, I've teamed up with Home Title Lock to give you a free title history reports that you can find out if you're already a victim and access your personal Title Expert as a $250 value just for signing up. So go to Home Title Lock dot com and use my promo code Candace two 50 or just click the link in the description, that's Home Title Lock dot com, promo code Candace two 50 to get the protection and peace of mind that you deserve.


All right you guys, let's take a look here at some of your comments. See what is going on Doo, what is on your guys' mind? Okay, we have Nelly. Nelly writes the fact that Ryan Reynolds thinks it was a good idea to take a picture in front of a gun statue is so cringe. He's like, I just gotta kill Dustin Bald. One more time. No, it is cringe. Thank you. I said to my team, I'm like, am I bitter? Am I a bitter baby mama or something? Because I just feel like this picture made me angry. I was like, he's just, ugh. Like it just stop. Just stop. The way he is standing is just so practiced and rehearsed and it just, it, I didn't even think about the fact that he's just like, gotta kill baldoni one more time.


Yeah, probably not a good idea to do that. Joanne, I am writes, I live in a very rural part of Wisconsin and I mentioned you to my hairstylist. She said that she loves you to, and she listens to your show daily, hoping we could be in your clan when the apocalypse hits. Yeah. You guys know me and my husband play apocalypse. It just means like, oh if everything goes down and we have to live in the woods, who we let be in our clan. And I don't know Joanne, 'cause you haven't said anything about yourself other than you live in a rural part. I guess I can assume some things about you that it means that you do have some basic survival skills. But you also mentioned it to your hairstylist like are you gonna be okay If you can't get your hair highlighted? I don know. I don know Joanne. I'm the jury is still out. Okay. Anwar rights.


My wife and I live in New York. We have two small boys getting ready to start school. Neither of them are vaccinated and New York overturned vaccine exemptions. Do you have any advice? Should we hire an attorney? I always feel so bad when I say this, but when you are raising a family, leave New York or LA leave New York, California, they already own your kids. They are so far deep into it. 'cause when I looked through the legislation for my series, A shot in the darkest was a recurring question. And it is insane. Like they are like locking up pediatricians who don't vax children when they find out they don't do it. And I just think it's too far gone in those states. And I will tell you that If you leave New York, you will be happier and you will be freer.


And I, I hate to say that, but it has to start with legislation. And New York and California have just got, they are so far into the future on making sure that parents have absolutely no rights over their children. And I'm even talking like you don't even get to decide your child's gender in these states. Forget vaccines. Like they will literally come take your child If you don't call them by the right gender, which is very scary. And hopefully people will wake up about that. Ronnie writes, Candace, please do a shot in the dark about birth control. I feel I have been brainwashed Crisis King and you're great at speaking Truth already did it, already shot it. That is our next season that is dropping. Once we are done with all the vaccines, then we will be releasing the episodes relating to birth control.


And it is dark and it is scary and it is twisted the history of it. I will never allow my daughter to take it. And if she just, I'd say just bring me home a baby, bring me home, a baby and a husband girl, I'll raise my grandkids before I ever let you poison yourself like that. So scary. What we don't know about the history of it. Lauren writes, thank you for always bringing truth. Huge fan. Hi writes Canice. You might be right about the personalities, but you cannot deny the technology that must cast developed. I'm just wondering if he developed it like I don't even, I'm at the stage now where I don't understand how you're running three companies. You have this erratic behavior, you have people that are talking about how you take a lot of like Special K virtually everywhere and you can't seem to get along with people.


How are you running three businesses? Like was this just like really a government business and you're just the face of it? Like is it a government business? I don't know. I really don't. But because no one has actually pressed Elon Musk because they're either worshiping him or hating him and there's no like even person who is like, I don't hate you and I don't worship you. And I'd like to ask you some tough questions. I can't get to the bottom of how I feel about him, but I just know that I spiritually feel off. I've always felt off about it. And I think he's a part of the transhumanist agenda. That's truly what I believe. And all of those people, they just have a look in their eye that scares me. I'm talking about like Sam Altman, mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, it. There's something about like, it's almost like their computers.


I feel like I'm looking at a computer and I don't know. I just don't like it. Cheryl says, praying for you and Bryce Mitchell and a victory in his next fight. Candace, love you. Thank you so much. Nick Bron writes, the level of finding out is directly proportional to the amount of effing around that is brilliant. These are the kinds of mathematical equations that need to be brought to the public. So it seems, I think it is fair to say that there was a lot of effing around and it is now proportionate to the finding out for Blake Lively and Ryan Reynold's career. So we have that.


Alright ladies and gentlemen, before we go, I wanna remind you guys about American Financing because interest rates have dropped and it's time to take advantage. A lot of Americans are struggling to keep up with everyday bills. That's eggs, coffee, and a lot of people are reaching for the credit card to pay for these things. They should not be reaching for the credit card to pay for these items. If you homeowner interest rates have fallen into the fives and that's nearly a quarter of the average credit card rate. American Financing is helping homeowners like you save an average of $800 a month by tapping into your home's equity and wiping out high interest debt. And the best part is that there are no upfront fees to get started. Credit card rates are insane. If you're carrying a balance every month and you're stuck in an endless cycle, break free today. Call American Financing and see how much you could be saving If you start now. You may even be able to delay next month's mortgage payments, next two months. Mortgage payments actually. So call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing net slash Owens. That's American Financing. Do net slash Owens.


Guys, you can visit the website, Candace Owens dot com. We did something great. We added French, Spanish and German subtitles. They're now available@canowens.com. That's something that we really had to do because our audience is becoming increasingly more international, especially since the becoming Bridgette series. I have more stories for you, by the way. I'm gonna one day have to bring Noah on this show. He's not gonna allow me to tell you what I wanna tell you right now, but there's like still stuff going on with Macron. Like he's, he's a crazy person. I'm sure you've seen, he just is basically saying that his number one adversary can't even run in the elections and he's gone mad. He's truly gone mad over people finding out about his wife's penis. And I feel like he's blaming me and I feel like he should be blaming his wife for grooming him and having a penis rather than blaming me for the fact that the public is finding out that his wife was born, a man was born a, a bald boy, and then grew up to be a, a strong man who groomed him.


And I just feel like it's just not fair. Like I'm always being blamed for things that I didn't do because I speak about the things like, don't blame me for finding out about MK Ultra. Be upset MK Ultra happened. Don't blame me that your wife grew a penis. Okay? I don't even know who you can be upset with. But he's very upset with me. He is very upset that this is the series that won't stop. Like, it's like the number one YouTuber in Bulgaria has picked it up. It's everywhere. And so now he just wants war and he wants violence and he's just, he's lost the plot because everyone is recognizing that his wife's penis is a detriment to his career. And he just never wanted to be found out. You know? Anyways, I'm just opening up to you guys about Macron's wife and her penis and I just feel like I'm being unfairly blamed.


Okay? And as the person pointed out in the comments, the proportion as the mathematical equation is, the proportion is direct. It's directly proportional. The level of finding out is to the level of effing around. And he did a lot of that effing around and now he's finding out, anyways, you guys will see you tomorrow.