
Carla only has the best tech can't connect to network, but she didn't have the best internet. So she got Cox multi-gig speeds to power all her. Now all her tech is connected. Exactly. Step it up with multi gig speeds available everywhere, only from Cox two gig download speeds. Individual speeds vary. See cox.com for details.


Alright, Right guys, Happy Friday. This is going to be the craziest Friday plausibly ever on this show. I teased yesterday that I had a major announcement. I don't say that lightly when I say I have a major announcement, I mean it. I'm not gonna give you a big tease and then a big letdown. And this one is positively massive. I think it's going to be all anybody is talking about. I don't know that this has ever happened in the history of the world involving a president and a journalist mom in America. So let's get right into it. Welcome back to Candace.


All right, so where do I begin? Yesterday I received a letter and I would say that this letter plausibly changed the trajectory of this year. Certainly for me. You know, I don't why people keep sending me letters and I am going to tell you that I received this letter from a process server. Now, when you hear that you are getting a letter from a process server or you think one of two things in my world, you are being sued or you are being subpoenaed. Act actually happens way more often than you realize. Sometimes you're being drafted into someone's lawsuit. They think that you have some information or some text messages or otherwise you yourself are being sued. Like when I was being sued by Kimberly Lasik for defamation, which eventually I won that after years.


So it's not something that particularly unnerves me anymore because typically sometimes you're getting drafted and there's no reason for you to be drafted. Your lawyer responds to it and it's completely over. But this one was indeed addressed to me and what was strange about this is that when my lawyer was able to determine what it was and who it was from, this was atypical because it was not a lawsuit and it was not a subpoena, but it was a strongly worded letter, essentially a legal threat. And people don't typically use process servers for legal threats. Even stranger was who it was coming from. He was coming from a law firm representing president, current sitting President Emmanuel Macron and his wife Jit Macron.


Okay? Like I said, this is insane. I don't think this has ever happened in the history of the world. Plausible. You don't hear about a foreign leader currently sitting in power sending around legal letters to people that are sitting in other countries no matter what that person is saying. But it's going to get so much more crazier than that, okay? 'cause there were a lot of odd things about this letter. First and foremost, they strenuously requested that I not publicize it. They did not want me to publicize this letter all over it. This is not meant to be publicly disseminated, okay? You have no, you have no legal right to tell somebody that they can't share a letter that they received.


I'm sorry, you sent it. I have a right to share it and I'm going to tell you my suspicion about why it came across as they wanted to keep this rather hush hus, but, but hush hush. But apart from asking me not to publicize it, they get into explaining to me how I am engaging in types of defamation. I'm going to show you this letter because the story behind it is even crazier. Okay? So First and foremost, they are addressing statements. The bulk of this letter addressing statements that I made last March. You're probably wondering in your head why would they send this letter which was addressed on December 3rd. That part is even crazier. But aside from telling me not to publicize it, they tell me right at the top that it's really none of my business whether or not Jit Macron is a man or a woman.


Like she doesn't have to answer that question. Here's what it said. I'm gonna read you this verbatim. It said this dis, this disinformation campaign is almost entirely based on a negative. Mrs. Macron has not provided definitive proof that she is a woman, therefore she must be a man. Not only is this an inherently unreliable basis for a claim, but also, and this is in bold, Mrs. Macron does not owe you proof that she is and always has been a woman because frankly it is. None of your business is arrogant, self-centered and truly offensive to believe that you are owed evidence of another's sex, gender identity or sexual orientation. And additionally, it is defamatory to call someone a liar when they rightfully choose not to give into your demands.


Then it says, make no mistake. There is no shame in being LGBTQ plus, but your accusations go beyond that. Okay? So right at the top there, again, what I've said to you that always struck me as odd about this story is this has been going on for approximately 10 years. Okay? Now, if I'm the president and I'm dealing with a 10 year issue of people saying that my wife has a penis and I could just very easily debunk this, I'm sure as hell not going to pay lawyers overseas to send legal threats and legal letters that say, oh, okay, well we're not gonna answer the question, but we are gonna send you a 100 page letter. It was 100 pages, most of it was transcript. It really was like a 33 page letter. Most of it was transcript again.


But the point being is that's a lot of effort for something that can be so easily debunked, so easily debunked. And I'm not the only journalist, I've done this too, okay? They're sending out letters, a civil harassment saying that it's causing them stress, it's causing them anxiety. Wouldn't you just answer the question at a certain point? Again, going with common sense, but it gets, it gets even more interesting. They also write in this letter that what they believe to be defamatory among other things is really just the implication to the French people. That they're fraudulent and that they lie. So let me read that piece of this to you as well. In this letter that I'm not supposed to publicize at all, these allegations are defamatory for multiple reasons.


At the outset, it must be clear that there is nothing defamatory or reputationally damaging about being transgendered. But what is defamatory and highly damaging is attacking the integrity and the credibility of a president. I just like this. I'm sorry, I just have to chuckle at that in general because I'm just thinking about President Trump and all the attacks. Like what explanatory is attacking the idea that Biden lies or that President Trump lies. You are not allowed to question their integrity in France. Like this is just such a European letter in the sense that like they have no idea what free speech actually means of a president and Mrs. Macron with this vicious rumor that they are lying and manipulating the French people, one you knew was false at the time of publication.


Okay? Obviously I do not think this is false at all, at all. I'm going to tell you even more why I insist that there is a lot to the story. But just writing that seems very strange to me. They go on to speak about how the only proof that we have, which is completely untrue, is Chinese software that is comparing the faces of her and her alleged brother that doesn't like to make any appearances, which could easily just debunk this, right? And they're like, this is like crap saying that they look alike. All siblings do look alike, or some siblings can look exactly alike. They say that that's completely normal. And then they provide even more proof that it's obvious that Brigit is not a man.


And the proof is that Brigitte says she's not a man. I'm not kidding here. This is the actual language of a letter they write. Beyond this, your conspiracy theory hinges on Mrs. Macron's family refusing to subject themselves to public scrutiny. Oh, okay you guys. So the reason that they're not answering this or or or responding this is 'cause they're just, they don't need to be publicly scrutinized. Like why would a president and a First lady have to be publicly scrutinized? That just doesn't come with the territory. When you live in a place like Europe and you don't have free speech, they can just hush you and sue you for speaking. Like I said, they're are in for a rude awakening. This is America. And the next line really gets me because they say what should be enough evidence to disprove these falsehoods falsehoods is that Mrs.


Macron has denied them. President Macron has denied them, and Mrs. Macron's daughter t phone has denied them. Okay? So that's how it works. Now, in the court of law guys, if I say no absent any proof, you need to just accept that that that's the truth. Everybody always tells the truth all the time, especially in politics, how haven't we learned that? Nobody ever lies in politics if they say something, it's definitely true, trust me, bro, that's, it's basically, trust me bro. Then it just gets even more bizarre because their referring to t-shirts as a form of yellow journalism. So I sold this t-shirt mocking Jit Macron, it was a fake time magazine cover and it said Man of the Year and they view that as a form of yellow journalism.


And that's interesting. So I'm gonna read you that portion right now. It says, since then you have continued to knowingly and intentionally pedal yellow journalism, defaming them out. Crohn's indeed, you released another episode mentioning the conspiracy on June 26th, and then it says on July 7th, you brought these lies to the Jimmy Do Show on July 8th, you again posted on x this time with a photo of yourself in a t-shirt showcasing a fake time magazine Man of the year cover featuring Mrs. Macron, which has received 832,000 views and 3000 retweets. And they actually put a picture of me wearing the shirt in this legal letter.


And I, I wrote, I'm calling it now, time Man of the Year, an incredible shirt. Obviously we now need to get this back up on sale. I don't know what is actionable in a parody shirt. I'm not sure what where they're, where they're going with that. But they wanted to mention in a very strong gritted letter that this is a form of yellow journalism because there's obviously never been any t-shirts made about President Trump or Biden. You can't do that anymore. You're not allowed to sell, make Kamala Indian hats. Literally, what on earth were they thinking including that? Okay, but here's where it gets really interesting, okay? Then they insist on explaining to me that calling someone a rapist in France, they have different laws and they insist that it's not statutory rape because Emmanuel was or would have been 15.


They heavily imply this, this is the exact verbiage from the letter it reads. Mrs. Macron did not statutorily rape President Macron, let us be clear that the age of consent in France is 15. The two met and fell in love in 1993 when she was a drama teacher and he was 15 years old when President Macron was 17. He vowed to marry Mrs. Macron following through with his promise. They, we in 2007 when President Macron was 29 years old. Now, I wanna first let you guys know that this is stunning because all throughout the time that President Macron was running their story was that he was 17 years old. Okay? Now we have here writing that they're now adjusting that all the publications said, oh, he was 17.


It makes him sound like he's almost legal. And she was, however, I think they said she was 34. And one of the things that we told you was that they, this whole legend that they created in in the legacy media was dishonest. And they allowed this to go on and go on until people started looking independent journalists and going, wait a second, Emmanuel Macron was not 15. And I also believe there's an interview where Emmanuel Macron states that he met her before he was 15 years old, but them implying that the age of consent in France is 15 is actually wholesale dishonesty because what they're leaving out is the age of consent. At that time when they were together, it was 15, only if the person that they had the affair with the sexual affair with was not someone who had any power or control.


That is still the law in France today, okay? So in order for it to be age of consent, it cannot be a teacher, it cannot be a a therapist. It cannot be any person when you are a minor that has control over you. And as they mentioned in that same paragraph, Emmanuel Macron was the student of Jit Macron. So that would not have been allowed under the law. And this is something that we are happy to debate in America. This would be statutory rape one way or the other. And in France, I'm pretty sure that still constitutes statutory rape. But we will allow you to respond to that in, in a more thorough manner because now that we've established connection, you have no excuse not to answer our pointed questions.


We're gonna go on and show you a little bit more of this letter because this to me was the craziest part of the entire thing. So after saying, we don't have to tell you any proof, we don't have to show you any proof. Trust me, bro. They then try to say that there have been some journalists that have introduced some evidence and you should have been paying attention in the form of, I'm not kidding, this is coming from the president of France. They have submitted to us screenshots of an eight-year-old video that they allege proves that Jean-Michel Trau. So the theory is that Briget lived as John Michel Trau then took on the name of a sister named Brae and became Brae Trino later on in life.


Okay? That is the theory. They are now saying that this journalist noticed that in the background of Emmanuel Macron's inauguration, the real Jean-Michel Trau was there. They sent us a YouTube link, I'm not kidding, of two different instances. And they claim that in the background. You see this little fat man, this is, this is, I'm showing you, this is actually from a legal letter right here. They say that that's, that's Jean-Michel Trau. That's proof. Look, it's a still, they then sent us a YouTube link from the inauguration. And in the background they're like, see in the background there is there. That's John Michel Trau. We swear, we swear that's him.


Hello. You are the alleged First Lady, first man of France and Emmanuel Macrono, you're telling me this is the evidence that you are supplying to journalists, that this person exists a link, a link to a, a YouTube video that I'm gonna show you right now. This is, this is the link to the video. This is it guys. This is Proof Don't See Stone. Oh, was that outta left evidence for you to leave this entire theory alone? Like they're not making a statement, but you should have caught in the background there. Here we'll circle it for you. That that's actually, that's the real Jean-Michel Tru No. That they just won't do a press conference with and allow people to know where this person works, where this person exists.


You should just know that that right there debunks everything because this channel edition special captured that in the background. And they said, a journalist said that that's, that's definitely some journalists said that that's definitely him. So we're ignoring all the journalists who are saying that's not, and we have a name for that person that's in the background. I'm not gonna tell you that today, but they, they that, that's it. They sent this via a huge law firm as proof that the real Jean-Michel Trau does exist. The lingering man in the background link on a YouTube video that's eight years old, shocking. They're also upset that we here at America felt the Olympics ceremony was satanic. I'm not allowed to say that. It says this is Europe.


You don't have free speech. You can't say that the Olympic ceremony was very clearly satanic. Here I am saying it again, wait till they find out that you don't get to tell a Christian what is and is not Satanic because you are the president of France. You just don't get the right to do that. They wrote this in the letter. This is real. You press these lies harder. After the Olympics opening ceremony in Paris on July 29th, you released another episode titled The Olympics Exposed Rajet Macron, as you know, 2024 Olympics opening ceremony was widely misinterpreted as a reenactment of a Last Supper, but it was intended to represent the Feast of Dionysus. Nonetheless, you claimed that the Satanic Olympic ceremony was really a ceremony to honor Projet Macron because she's transgender.


You posted on ex except Projet as a transvestite and called it a demonic state. Now this gets into them now drafting in Archbishop Viveo because they're talking about me retweeting Archbishop Vio. Take a look at this. It is telling that you retweeted a statement by Archbishop Viveo, a man who had just been excommunicated from the Catholic church for his denial of a legitimacy of Pope Francis and other crimes of schism. And it is me retweeting Archbishop Vio explicitly calling Bridgette Macron transvestite. Now, to my knowledge, Archbishop Vio has not received a letter threatening him, and that strange called him transvestite, has not received a letter at all threatening him.


And I will tell you why that is. Of course, in every letter that people send, there has to be an honorable mention of the Tate brothers because they're always relevant. And then they wrote this, which is very strange because they don't, they don't include the language here. Your disinformation campaign included the Tate brothers, a pair of grossly self-proclaimed misogynists that are charged with human trafficking. I'm gonna show you how rich that irony is. In a second, on August 14th, you hosted Tristan Tate on Candace and discussed these claims, and the following day on August 15th, you hosted his brother Andrew Tate. In the August 15th episode, you and Andrew reiterate your claims and the macro, the Macrons are dishonest, imply the French election was rigged like the 2020 US election.


Now I know I certainly didn't imply the French French election was rigged as I don't follow French politics. I'm following the story because it's massive and the way that you are acting in trying to play whack-a-mole with every person that looks into the story and recognizes that there's something here strikes me as odd. Also asking me not to publish the letter strikes me as odd. And lastly to the point of saying that us implying that you guys are dish, I don't even know, are you out of your mind? Are you out of your mind thinking that people can't imply that a president and his wife are dishonest or, or is it really that bad in France? Is it so like, are you just deluded out of your mind for me to say that I believe that you and your wife lie?


It's, it's almost a requirement to be in politics that you have to lie. You literally have to almost lie to become the president of France or the president of any place in the entire world. What is this letter actually about? Well, you guys might be wondering about now about the timing of this letter because again, the referencing posts from June, primarily an episode that I posted in March upon a different platform, they have not drafted that platform into this complaint whatsoever. So it's targeting me at least six months after the last time that I've spoken about Emmanuel Macron. The story I'm gonna tell you is insane, absolutely insane. Hang on one second.


We're going to throw it to some advertisers and then I'll tell you why I believe they really sent this letter.


Are the globalists gearing up for a pandemic scare after failing at the ballot box in November? Just weeks before President Trump's inauguration, California Governor Gavin Newsom has declared a bird flu state of emergency granting himself sweeping powers reminiscent of COVID-19 policies. This comes after a severe case of H five N one bird flu was reported in Louisiana. Critics warn that pandemic fears may be weaponized to challenge Trump's agenda, including the nomination of RFK Junior to lead the HHS. Is this a health crisis or is it a power play? Last summer, Dr. Peter McCullough warned about the bird flu, linking the virus's rapid spread to gain a function research now a common practice at many labs globally. Dr. McCullough urges early prevention just in case recommending a contagion emergency kit from The Wellness Company, his medical board approved solution with five critical life-saving medications like Ivermectin, Tamiflu, a nebulizer, and hydroxychloroquine. Every household can now have access to these hard to get medications. In the event of another pandemic, get yours by filling out a digital intake form and your kit will arrive within one to two weeks. Don't wait until the deep state puts their plans back into action. Stay ready for the unexpected. If you a US resident, head to TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace to save $48 off. Plus get free shipping. That's TWC Health slash Candace and use code Candace today.


The new year is the perfect time to refresh your routine and set new intentions plus step into a healthier, more confident you. If you're ready to invest in self-care that truly makes a difference, then Nimi Skincare has something special to help you greet the air with glowing skin and renewed spirit. Right now, use code Candace 10 at checkout and you'll enjoy 10% off your order. Whether you're treating yourself or helping someone else start the new year on the right foot. This is your chance to try Mimi's luxurious skincare at a great price. Nimi Skincare is more than just a product. It is a brand that you can feel proud to support. Every item is made in the USA reflecting the values of faith, family, and freedom. If you're looking for skincare, that's extra gentle. Nimi also has a line of clean formulas, free of fragrance and other potential irritants, A thoughtful choice for anyone that's seeking a gentler approach. With these effective products, Nimi helps you begin the new year feeling confident, revitalized, and ready to take on your goals. So use code Candace 10 today at Nimi Skincare dot com. That's ni mi skincare.com and save 10% on your purchase. Give yourself the gift of glowing, refreshed skin and a confidence starch to 2025 with Nimi Skincare dot com.


So what is this actually about? Why are they sending this letter now? Like I said, the story I'm going to tell you, it's it's stranger than fiction, okay? It is my belief that the Macrons somehow became aware that we are just a couple of weeks away from releasing an explosive piece on Bridgette Macron. And I believe that this letter was sent to intimidate me. I don't believe that they intended to file anything. I could be wrong. My instinct here is that it was very mu very much meant to terrify me because of an interview that I did that they are worried that when I release is going to go global because it will.


Backstory of that is that during Thanksgiving week at the end of November, I was contacted by a French reporter claiming to have a trove of evidence to support the claim that the First Lady of France lived as a man named Jean Michel Trau before becoming in transitioning to Jit. This evidence was even complete with names of doctors who worked on brae a theory with a lot of evidence as to who mothered the children who gave birth to Brie's children. Because I took this individual to be extremely credible, I got on a plane and I flew to meet this journalist in Europe, okay?


We did an interview that went on for about two hours on camera, and I collected all of his evidence. And apparently just 10 days after that initial correspondence between me and that journalist, Emmanuel and Bra had this letter written to me. It's dated December 3rd, so just 10 days. So that to me leads me to believe that somehow, and again I have no evidence to support this claim, the communications of this journalists are being monitored, that they knew that he was flying to meet me, that they knew that we conducted the interview, and that they knew that I was in communication with him telling him that the interview was due to release in two weeks.


Okay? He, they knew that it was coming out this month and that they scrambled to get this out to beef up this letter as much as possible, running the risk that, okay, while getting a letter from the President of France is a scary thing. You know how much power he has shall at least press pause and not release the conversation hoping that I would just be scared into silence if they beefed up the letter with scary mentions, which they did by the way, the bottom of a letter they told me. Think about Tucker Carlson and Dominion, I'm paraphrasing here. They mentioned Tucker Carlson and Dominion as a lawsuit. Billions of dollars you could lose Candace If you cover this story. First and foremost, what are you talking about?


You're comparing apples and lean cuisines, frozen, frozen meals. At this point you are a sitting president, okay? You are not above reproach, you are not above critique, and I am certainly allowed to look into you and your life and to ask questions, okay? You don't get to compare that to a private company who is saying that they have real world loss because people no longer trust their technology. Again, that was mentioned only to try to terrify me, I believe because they know that we're working on this piece and they know that we have the pictures that we have, which tell a very different story from what the media has been trying to tell people. I believe that this proves what their strategy is.


Jit and Emmanuel Macron, as they express in this letter, say nothing. They, they give nothing about whether or not Jit is transgender. They don't address the claims while they go on and then they wait for journalists to make a mistake. This is what they did to two other journalists that were in France. They sued them and they lied to the public about what was at the nucleus of the lawsuit, right? Wait for you to say she's transgendered, she was Jean-Michel Trau. She changed. And then If you misspeak about something, as one of the journalists did and said, I, I think this birth certificate's fake, they sue you for that, for defamation. And they go, actually, that birth certificate wasn't fake. But they're not actually attacking the substance of the debate whether or not Brigitte in the current form transitions from a man named John Michel Trane, they will not address these claims officially despite sending these spurious articles and screenshots from a, a video from seven or eight years ago.


They themselves say, we don't have to answer or produce any evidence whatsoever. So in terms of my issue or their issue with me, rather, they pounced on a mistake that I did make. By the way, they're not wrong because after sitting down with this journalist and receiving a tro of evidence, they are correct that I wrongly identified at that time. And again, I was relying on a ton of reports and I was clear that this was not my report. But rather what was going on in France, people were trying to answer the question of, okay, well if Brixit Macron did not give birth to those children, who did, and I wrongly named someone which was being alleged at that time named Brigitte Proba Ziaire. Again, I was just reiterating what the journalists were saying at that time.


And I learned from this journalist who is entirely credible and has been working on this story for eight years, that that is not accurate. And so that's what you're looking for brae, right? An apology for that which you say is defamatory for alleging that brae ziaire bothered these or, or gave birth to these children, Brigitte Proba Ziaire. You are correct. I'm not only just gonna correct it here, I'm going to correct it in the long piece that I am working on about your background that I still intend to release in two weeks. So don't you worry any mistakes that I made, these little things that you're trying to catch onto because you don't want to address the substance of what people are presenting, which is whether or not you transitioned from Jean-Michel Trino to bra briet.


Any of the mistakes I made, I will fully correct on the record. And guess what? I now can do it in a way that's better than ever because thankfully you have now reached out to me via your legal firm, which means that we now have a direct line of communication. And I'm gonna send you pointed questions, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, and you can now answer those questions or you can decline to answer those questions. And If you decline to answer those questions as you have done well, then you can't prove here that there's any actual malice. 'cause there's, there isn't. I genuinely want to understand what the hell I am looking at throughout this tro of evidence, the people that have been involved in this.


It is, like I said, the most explosive story ever. And what is interesting is that the reason you're going after me is because the, the only reason this story was contained for so long was because all of it was happening in France. Most of the people in the western world can speak and understand English, which allows them to then look at the story in a different way. But when it, when it was just in French reporters that reporting on it, you were able to stifle that discussion no more. I wanna let you know that I'm not intimidated whatsoever. In fact, you have piqued my interest even further. And I want you to know that I'm looking into all of your friends, all of these instances of pedophilia, people that were involved. I mean the, the English people don't even know about the Olivier doable scandal.


The scandal of another 14-year-old, a person that supported you, a person that you were in a lot of communication with who had a daughter, a stepdaughter, come out and say that she was abused and that she was invited to elite, that her brother was abused. Rather, let me correct that, that her twin brother was abused by Olivier Duomo, which is, I checked fact checked that online. And that appears to be a massive story in France. One that Lamont, which is like the French, New York Times, has been covering as something that you were quite worried about that the Elise Palace quote, this is Fran Lamont. Ever since the Olivier duomo affair broken earlier January, Emmanuel Macron has been monitoring each development like milk on the stove, reported Lamond at the time, incest with his stepson, Al's stepson age 13 or 14, lot of characters in your circle, Elizabeth Gugu, Hubert Rine, Daniel Cone Bendit, the statements that are made about them, Jean Mark Borello.


There have been a lot of sexual incidences that have surrounded your presidency, that the English speaking people, the English speaking world does not know about. And all of these have been submitted to me, and I am deeply under understanding this scandal. And I am deeply appreciating why it is that a president of a foreign country would take this time to try to get me to shut up because you've done a very good job of containing all this, but I don't know if nobody told you this, I'm pregnant, right? When I get pregnant and people threaten me, I, I don't take very kindly to those sorts of threats.


So this is, this is going to get extremely interesting and I will give you guys, my listeners my idea of what I think is going to happen right after. One more message from our sponsors.


Since the Fed has dropped interest rates, you need to call my friends in American Financing today. Now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. I know there's a lot of hardworking Americans that have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, and even childcare. The debt can get out of hand with credit card rates being so high. However, with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over $800 a month on average. They're even closing some and as fast as 10 days, If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


So maybe Jit and Emmanuel Macron will file this lawsuit in the state of Tennessee. Maybe they will. And maybe in their mind, first off, they definitely didn't expect me to show this letter. I'll tell you that much. That's not something that most people would do. Most people would consult their lawyers and stay quiet about stuff. I don't take kindly the threats. I don't like threats, okay? I didn't get to where I am in life, come from absolutely nothing to have some elite people threaten me into silence because I am exposing what I deem to be the truth, okay? Least of all. When it's from a foreign nation that doesn't appreciate free speech or thinks that they can boss me around and tell me what is and is not Satanic and how I must report upon their Olympics.


Doesn't really work like that. Okay? Just doesn't work like that at all. I think what's going to happen is that they are banking. They were banking on me being silent. They realize that is not happening. They are probably banking on their money and they're probably banking on their power to somehow further stifle this situation. Try to bank on, you know, trying to silence me in court in America. Good luck, buddy. Good luck trying to make that happen. Good luck trying to make the piece that we are working on, which is still due to be released in two weeks and it's not gonna come out on YouTube. I now think that you had something to do with the very bizarre videos that were taken down, three videos in which you have named in this legal letter, which made no sense at the time when they were being taken out, taken down because you were worried about the information that we were revealing.


Well, you should know that when we drop this series that we're working on about the Rajet Macron scandal, it is not going to be on YouTube. You will have no power here, okay? It will be released on my website, Candace Owens dot com, and people will be able to watch it or they want to watch it in French or they want to watch it in English. You're banking on power structures. I'm banking on the people because you see Mr. Macron, both of you, both Mrs. In my world, I bank on the people when I get an itch about something or an instinct about something and people start thinking that the American people and the French people around the world are not going to win.


I always bank on the regular people. You have no idea. The army that we can unleash here of people that will investigate, that will look into things, ask Kamala friends with her, ask Kamala what it was like when she went through the Kamala Chronicles. We will definitively definitely, once the mothers here in America understand what is happening in France, inspire them, just mothers wanting to protect children to look further into these claims and wonder what the hell is going on in France. And like I said, it will be an investigative army of regular people. Okay? So I get it. You feel really protected by the states and you can send these sorts of things, but I think you're making the wrong bet here.


We'll see what happens. Like I said, the piece is still due to come out in two weeks, and I bet given the letter that you just sent me, the timing of that letter being particularly suspicious after all this time that what we released will have more eyes than anything that we've ever released in the history of this show. So I bid you farewell, Mr. And Mr.