
Well, where should we begin? You guys have heard of whitewashing history, but have you heard of Blackwash? Blackwash is when you're a politician and it's election season and suddenly you have to relate to black people. So you just sort of start making stuff up to black, fight yourself, your history. You start dropping a bunch of slang and colloquialisms and hoping that the people will therefore understand you. Honestly, it's become something of a democratic rite of passage. Except this time I think we may have caught the culprit red handed. Of course, I'm speaking about Kamala Harris. I think her and her campaign team are really going to regret the day that their media henchman came for Janet Jackson.


Welcome back to Candace. I am literally buzzing with excitement right now for what we just discovered. Obviously, we are running a little bit late today, but as I said, it will be well worth the wait. So yesterday we were getting closer and closer asking questions obviously about Kamala's genealogy, If. you need to go back. You can do that. Begin with episode 70 and work your way forward to see how this mystery has unfolded. So we were left with some major holes in Kamala's genealogy we had from her father Donald J. Harris, that he grew up in Jamaica and was raised by his grandmother, miss Iris.


He effectively wrote an entire piece about his Jamaican heritage and really focused on his grandmother, like she's the person that made the most difference for him. He honorably mentioned Ms. Iris's husband, who he only referred to as Mr. Christie and remained conspicuously silent about his own mother. How, how do you do that? How do you just say one sentence about your mother, refer to her as Ms. Barrell. I wanna be clear, you're writing this for the population, right? You're talking about your, your heritage, even If. you called your mother, Ms. Bell, you would probably, for the sake of wanting people to be clear on who you're referring to, list her full name.


He didn't do that. He just said one sentence. This is not to, you know, ignore my mother, miss Barrell, and that was it. And we know that her full name, according to her birth certificate, is Barrell Magdalene Finnegan. And we know that at various times she took on the middle name Christie. He also mentioned in that piece that his father was mass Oscar. I guess again, that is, is kind of a slang way of referring to his father. But I was completely stumped. I was completely stumped as I was looking further into this because I could not find a marriage record between his father, Oscar Joseph Harris, miss Oscar, and his mother Beryl Finnegan.


Like this is something that to me seemed really odd and some people who wanted to rationalize it were saying, oh no, that's just how things were. And sometimes people didn't have rec. No, I wasn't buying any of that because we were dealing with a family that had money. It is just a fact that Kamala Harris' family descends from slavers. They were given money for their slaves. Somebody did the calculation essentially for that day in time. It would've been $11 million that they inherited for their slaves once it was abolished. It is why when he speaks about his Jamaican heritage, he speaks about them as having owned stores. Right? So this is not your typical black story that we're referring to here, and So I expected very much for there to be a record of marriage.


Oddly, as you guys will recall, any records that I did find suggested to me that Barrell may have been the domestic help who may have also given birth to a son named Donald, born in 1938 who died before he even turned two. So that was very strange question marks. We were like, okay, we're, we're seeing this barrel, we're seeing this Donald Terrace. We're seeing that an infant died. What's really going on here? Why is it starting to feel like a scary movie? But of course we wanna rationalize it ourselves like maybe it is just a coincidence that another barrel had another Donald in 1938 in St. Aaron Aaron Parish, and we shouldn't look too far into that. What we knew for certain was that barrel, the correct barrel was married at the age of 25.


So Donald Harris, who was presenting as Kamala's father, would have been six years old. She got married to a man named Lawford Newland, who he has completely erased from his childhood historical account. When he wrote this piece, he did not mention a Lawford Newland, a stepdaddy named Lawford Newland. and that was odd because then it would suggest that she would've had to have married his father, Oscar Joseph Harris after that. So have the kid marry someone else and then go back and marry or baby daddy. I don't know. But I needed to find some records. We also couldn't find a divorce record, by the way, between Lawford Newland and Beryl Barrell Finnegan. Where's the divorce record?


We did see that he went to America. We searched there. He went through New Orleans, we went through California. We just could not find anything. In my view. There were too many holes in his account numbers that he got wrong about the siblings. I just felt that there was a secret here. So I decided that we needed more information specifically about Donald J. Harris himself and we couldn't find a birth certificate for him, which I flagged as odd. And I also wanted to find that marriage certificate between his father, Oscar, Oscar j Harris, and his mother Beryl Finnegan. That was crucial to me. So here's what we stumbled upon. More information about Donald J. Harris appeared to us.


This is going to get crazy, you guys. I'll tell you how we put this together through old Jamaican newspaper clippings that had been digitized. So First and foremost, this one fact checks, but it was a little bit of tidbit of an information that I thought was interesting. It was a wedding announcement that was published in the Kingston Gleaner. That's the name of the newspaper. It was published as you can see here, November 1st, 1963, which just announces the wedding of presumably Kamala's mother. As we're told Shamala goin to Donald J. Harris. It reads, he is the son of Oscar j Harris of Spanish Town and Mrs. Barrell Finnegan. Okay, it writes before leaving it it, it says Before leaving Jamaica in 19.


And can you pull that up? 'cause I couldn't read it for clarity. But it says before leaving Jamaica in, it looks like maybe 19, I don't wanna guess it. Mr. Harris worked for the Jamaican Information Service. Okay, what is the Jamaican Information Service? That's what I asked myself. What is that? I'll tell you what it is. The Jamaican Information Service is an executive agency of the government of Jamaica that is responsible for disseminating information. It used to be known as the government Public relations Office. It says that to achieve its objectives, the agency utilizes a broad range of media skill sets, print, radio, television, graphic arts, video projection, and public relations. It was established in 1956.


Okay, so now we know before he left Jamaica, he worked for the government. So he's got some connections in government and he's not the only one because that newspaper article goes on to inform us that his bride, who we're told is Kamala's mother is the daughter of Mr. PV Golin, the Deputy Secretary Secretary of the Government of India. So she is also connected to the government of India and her dad is the Deputy Secretary of the government of India. That's just a, a thing that I think is important to know that these two people worked for the government and they came together and they got married. Now we still could not find a marriage record between these two, but it may be plausible that they got married somewhere else.


But at least we see the announcement. So I thought, now let's focus on his father. Right? I'm looking for something to attach Oscar to Barrow. Presumably, if this is a family that is important enough to have wedding announcements in the newspaper, maybe we'll be able to stumble upon something between Oscar and Barrow. Now I wanna remind you that Kamala brought up Oscar j Harris, her grandfather in her book, and she revealed a picture of him on page 282. So I'm gonna show you that right now. It reads, when I was 10 months old, I visited Spanish Town Jamaica. This is me with my mother and my paternal grandfather, Oscar Joseph.


So we know his name is Oscar Joseph Harris, and we know that that's what he looks like. Thanks to Kamala Harris's book, great love that So I looked him up. And at first the father came up for a bankruptcy hearing announcement. This is dated by the way, March 11th, 1939. So this would've been one year after Donald was allegedly born. It just reads in the matter of bankruptcy petition against Reginald Victor Harris, Oscar Joseph Harris, and Newton Alexander Harris of Brownstown in the parish of St. Anne trading as Harris Bros. Take notice that the above named intend to apply for the revocation of the, of the provisional order of bankruptcy made against them in this honorable court on the sixth day of January, 1939.


Okay? So we know that they were apparently going through some bankruptcy proceedings and they were fighting those bankruptcy proceedings. They, they were going to stand against them. It also, but what's relevant there is that we know it's him because it lists his brothers, it lists that they're from Browntown and we have fact checks that genealogy. So this is the correct family. This is the grandfather that Kamala is referring to in her book. Here is where it is going to get crazy buckle up. I really hope you guys are sitting for this. He came up again and fortunately it was for a wedding. Unfortunately it was not for a wedding to barrel. Instead just like Barrell married somebody else. Apparently he married somebody else.


Now this clipping is from June 9th, 1952. Look at this. It says Oscar Harris Weds vs. Cambridge. Now, I want you to look at this photo and it certainly looks like, and I know it's a shadow on the left hand side, but I'm going, that looks like the picture. You can tell by that balding pattern of the person that Kamala has presented to us as her grandfather. And he looks mixed race to me. But that woman on the on the right looks white to me. Now I know you're going can, that's crazy. It's a black and white photo. But you know, there's a certain way when you're photographing a black woman that she comes across. And that ain't it my friends.


But again, that was a theory. Let's read the article. It reads Ris Cambridge daughter of Mr. And Mrs. VS Cambridge of Saint Elizabeth. That's another parish in Jamaica, became the bride of Oscar Harris of Browntown Saint Anne at a beautiful ceremony in the Saint Andrew Parish Church halfway tree on Thursday last night. Her slenderness enhanced by a gown of white nylon and Chantilly lace. The bride carrying a bouquet of white Astros was given in marriage by her father, her only attendant. Her sister, Carmen Cambridge, wore a gown of aqua nylon and Chantilly lace with a oh with a bouquet of pink rosebuds.


The best man in the ceremony performed by the Reverend Grant Levi of Montego Bay was Mr. Newton Harris, brother of the groom. During the signing of the register, Mr. Jean McDonald saying, I'll walk beside you. And because at a reception held at the home of the bride's uncle on Chester Avenue, Mr. Milton Hamilton was a master of ceremonies. I just went, what the heck is this? First and foremost how odd. That's Donald J. Harris as he's recollecting these memories from his childhood now has left out the part where Beryl married someone when he would have been six years old and would've been his stepfather.


But he's also now leaving out the fact that his mother similarly married someone when he was a little bit older. I mean that his father similarly married to someone when he was a little bit older. and that that woman, at least according to my eyes, appears to me to be fully Caucasian. But I said like, that sounds crazy. Let me see if I can find this woman. Uri c Cambridge by a quick Google search. Like who, where? That's a quite a different name. Uri, I've never heard it before. Certainly something's going to pop up and certainly just one thing did. And it was a funeral entry of a white woman who died in Broward County. And what I noticed about this entry was that it was very scant on details. I'm gonna show this to you.


Okay, RIS, Anita McPherson, it says, and I'm looking at that face on the left there and I'm going, I recognize that face. This woman looks familiar to me. Am I crazy? Are you guys? Seems she looks a little bit like Kamala Harris. There's something about the spark. don don't know. Am I crazy? So I said, let me not jump to conclusions. Maybe I am just so down for the rabbit hole that I'm seeing Kamala's face. So I read this entry and it says it's with great sadness that the family of ris, Anita Harris McPherson Cambridge. So we know that that's her maiden name right there, announces her passing on Saturday, June 15th, 2019, she'll be lovingly remembered by her children and spouses, her grandchildren and spouses, her great-grandchildren, cousins, nieces, nephews and friends.


We will celebrate her life on Saturday, June 29th, 2019 at 10:00 AM at Christ the Rock Community Church. It gives the address there and it says where they will immediately follow at a reception hall in lieu of flowers. Donations may be made to the Alzheimer's Foundation in memory of Viris Harris McPherson. So nothing given to us there, literally nothing given to us about our family. Have you ever seen that usually survived by a sister, a cousin or brother? I went to see if anybody posts anything. It says she has a really big family. I was like, okay, well certainly somebody would've posted on the board. you know, people do that all the time. I'm so sorry for your loss.


Love you a cousin, I'll see you there. Hug, kisses, nothing. Very weird. I then tried to, to look this woman up in, in Broward County records and it just looks like people are trying to protect who she was. It doesn't tell me who she's married. don don't see anything there in Broward County. It just has an entry for for a marriage that took place in 1994. And I also see that she's got another name there, McPherson. So maybe she got remarried, but it at least tells us that her birthday was October 7th, 1927. So I thought to myself, can I find a woman, a white woman who was born in Jamaica with that exact birth date with that exact name.


It's like I said a very different name, URI. And the answer is yes we did. We were able to locate her birth certificate and now we know why it said that she was married to Vs. Cambridge and had listed her father as vs Cambridge, Mr. And Mrs vs. Cambridge. That's because her father's name is Vivian, her mother's name is Adina Wright. And here you have it born in Elizabeth. Saint Elizabeth is, here she is. This is this woman V Ris. Pardon? RIS Cambridge, born to Vivian Cambridge and Adina Wright on October 7th, 1927 in Saint Elizabeth Jamaica.


What the hell is going on? Who is this woman? Why hasn't this been mentioned? Why does it feel like this profile was being very hidden? And again, as Donald was jumping in to his family background and speaking about how Jamaican it was, why didn't he mention this? Why didn't he mention this woman, this his white relatives? It might be relevant when we're having a discussion about Kamala's race to mention the fact that your dad married a white woman. I'm just saying, here's another picture of her and there's something familiar about her smile.


There's something familiar. I'm looking at this woman, I'm going, this woman looks to me like Kamala Harris. Now something even weirder, the person who did create something for her online, okay, who created a profile for her on ancestry.com, look what he put in the middle of her name. He lists her name as Ris Anita Iris Cambridge. Fascinating, absolutely fascinating. So we, we looked into this briefly and again, all of this has transpired within the last four hours. So we are not as organized about this, or I shouldn't say which are not as certain about this, but it looks like the person who made this entry was a member of her extended family.


It looks like she got remarried in 1994 in America to, and that's where she, she picks up the name McPherson and that individual put Iris in quotation marks. Is it possible that Donald J. Harris, when he's fondly remembering Miss Iris could be speaking about this woman? Yeah, it's possible. Everything's a possibility. like I said, he's very scant on the details here. What we do know is that he declined to mention this woman. He declined to mention someone that his father married who was completely white.


And as I said, I wouldn't have an issue with this if people were forthcoming and, and, and spoke about this. The press as you're out there referring to Janet Jackson is crazy, right? For suggesting what did Janet Jackson say? She said that she heard that Kamala's father Donald J. Harris was Irish. Can somebody pull up that picture of yours again? She heard that his family was Irish. I think Uri maybe Uri Cambridge might be Irish. Was she so crazy to mention that press or would it be so crazy If, you guys did your actual job and looked into these things as opposed to constantly trying to obscure things to protect your preferred candidates because you believe she should just be handed handed this.


Now the question is, is it possible that the woman that we're looking at right there is Kamala's grandmother? Is it possible based on the records that we have that Beryl and Donald never did marry? Is it possible ba a barrel and Oscar pardon and never did marry? Is it possible? Is it feasible that that marriage never took place and they both married two different people and that instead at some point when they decided to Blacky Kamala's history, they included this barrel as her grandmother? Is it possible? I don't wanna go too far down conspiracy lane, but I'm telling you that we're close here.


This is a big missing piece of her family history that should have been mentioned. Okay? And I find it highly suspicious. I do not think that we have answers still on who Donald Terrace is. I do not trust him. I do not trust him just having discovered this information and realizing that he left out two significant marriages and and is instead focusing on Kamala's Great-grandmother referring to her has Ms. Iris, who is Ms. Iris? Actually, I can tell you that again, we came across all of this in the last few hours, but we are, we're gonna stay on them because now that we have found this piece and we have found this white woman, and again, I'm not trying to call her off being a white woman, I'm just saying that like she is a white woman, she's very white, and Janet Jackson was not crazy to suggest this.


And now we know that somebody is putting her in quotation marks as Iris and a picture is starting to come together. Let me say this if, and I'm not saying this is true, but if we find out that that woman is Kamala's real grandmother and we can we get a side by side of Kamala, if we find out that that is Kamala's real grandmother and that she decided to appropriate the domestic help who potentially died younger as her grandmother, we are watching one of the most diabolical political moves that we have ever seen in the history of this country. I just wanna say that I'm not saying it's true again, but I'm saying that I don't like the picture.


I always find that the the dog bed isn't barking. The fact that they never mentioned these marriages, the fact that they laugh people outta the room when they suggested that Kamala Harris could be white and the fact that they just refuse to mention any aspect of this and a remaining hush hush on it doesn't make me feel good. I don't trust these people. There's something about Kamala saying she's in these streets that doesn't make me feel that she's being honest about who she actually is. And I'm not gonna let go of this again. We are getting closer and closer and I will bet you the DNC is paying attention to this show Now, All Right guys, before we cover cover some other stories I want to remind you about PreBorn Kamala Harris is the first vice presidential candidate to ever visit an abortion facility.


That is the reality. And Tim Waltz supported a bill in his home state, which legalized the denial of life saving medical care to infants born alive after botched abortions. The media has dubbed this the abortion election. We have to stand up to this evil. When you join forces with PreBorn the largest pro-life organization in the nation, you are protecting the greatest victims in our society. Babies in their mother's womb PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the nation. And they have rescued over 300,000 babies. When a woman considering an abortion searches to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there PreBorn, it gives these women in need a free ultrasound. The power of appearing a heartbeat on an ultrasound combined with God's love doubles a baby's chance at life.


One ultrasound costs just $28 and up to five ultrasounds are $140. Any gift will help their cause. And all gifts are tax deductible. To donate securely. Just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace All Right, guys. Now the other case that I am saying on is Diddy, because I just cannot trust the media to do their job. And it's very obvious to me that powerful people are being protected. It has been clear from the allegations that have been made by the producer who filed the initial lawsuit allegations that were initially made by Cassie, that Diddy controls a trove of evidence, a trove of blackmail rather.


Again, these are just allegations, but there's a lot of credence to these claims. It seems to me, at least on politicians. They keep saying politicians that's important to note that they're, they're saying musicians, they're saying record executives, they're saying other artists and they're saying politicians are on these tapes. So now what we're doing is people are going backwards and they're recognizing that, wait a minute, wait a minute. There were other people who were signaling to us that something was very wrong with Diddy and they were virtually just being laughed out of the room. One person who was always anti Diddy and was always speaking about Diddy as a problematic person was 50 cent. And it turns out that it's just been an announced that he's created a docuseries on Netflix.


I can't wait to see this. And he is saying that it's a, a complex narrative that spans decades, which we are obviously realizing this, which should really, really make it clear to you that Hollywood is a tremendous evil. Everybody colluded to protect these secrets. They all were aware of it and few spoke out. So Netflix is producing the docuseries from Curtis Jackson 50 cent about the charges of sex trafficking and racketeering, as well as sexual assault and violent abuse allegations against did Combs and a Alexandria Stapleton will be directing the project. I will be definitively watching this. They describe this as a story with significant human impact. It's a complex narrative spanning decades, not just the headlines or the clips that we have seen so far.


And 50 cent is exclusively speaking to Variety, saying that he remains steadfast in his commitment to give a voice to the voiceless and to present authentic and nuanced perspectives while the allegations are disturbing, we urge all to remember that Sean Combs the story is not the full story of hiphop and its culture. We aim to ensure that individual actions do not overshadow the culture's broader contributions. Now, I would actually beg to differ, I would beg to differ on this because like I said, I read that book Hollywood Babylon and as it traced, and again that was movie culture. So they were kind of getting into the beginning of film, you know, silent films and making it clear that it was the carnies, the carnival people, the freaks that established Hollywood. And they were creating characters.


And these people were drug addicted. Sex addicted. And essentially they turned them into stars on screen because in many ways they wanted to emulate mock and destroy the church, right? So they called the movie theaters cathedrals at that time 'cause they wanted people to worship them. They called the Stars Stars, we still called them stars because they wanted them to worship the stars, so to speak, So. it was always a demonic force. And I don't think that hip hop is any differently. I believe that the, the Feds encouraged this sort of music. I believe the record executives worked with the government and there was a combination of a drug effort to introduce drugs into various communities and music that went along with the drugs that they were offering.


So my sister sent me this clip that's going around on TikTok and one of the things that people think is that hip hop is homophobic, right? But here you have this guy sitting down explaining to a hip hop journalist that actually the reality is that hip hop has always had an explicitly L-G-B-T-Q If, you wanna call it agenda. Take a listen to this. The industry grooms them to be over to, like, if we go back to the big Papa video, right? Why was there, you remember the scene in the bathroom? Why was there a transgender pissing in the bathroom with the and and the guy, you remember you're standing up, right? Yeah. Go to the scene when Bus is talking to her at the, at the bar and Big walk up and and and move in.


And then, or when she say true, stop it right there and look at the knot in her throat. Not the knot in her throat. Talking about, talking about this young lady Name is Shameika. She was from Queens and she got killed 'cause she was a, was dating, they didn't know it was a man and went to have sex with and found out she was a man and she's dead and he's in jail. Okay? What I believe is that the Tupac Biggie Got so gangster, And so big that the gender that they was about to push on us, that they later pushed on us. It just got pushed back. They was, they was getting ready to groom us right there.


They was grooming us. We got a transgender in the Big Papa video in the bathroom. And the lead woman not only in, in in Big Papa, right? And Warn she's in the bed with Biggie and then, and the FLA in your ear, you make, she's dancing by Ill, right? And Hype Williams is director and she's the lead in all three of those videos and he's the director of all three of those videos. And his roommate that, that was his chick, That is a, a major clue right there. So I wanted you guys to hear that because it does seem like the industry is having a reckoning and people are realizing that this really hasn't been about just creating music. Hollywood is not just creating music for your entertainment.


They are giving out frequencies and they are modifying your behavior based on the frequencies that they are giving out And. so it's important to know what it is that you're listening to. On the other end of that, every person who has tried to speak out about this, who has tried to speak out about the industry, the type of people that are controlling the industry, the attacks that people face from the media if they try to speak out, is always the same. They're called crazy. They're always called crazy. And an example of one such individual who went through those sorts of attacks is the actor Orlando Brown. He was on Disney. And I remember everyone telling us that he was totally insane and deranged when he was saying a lot of things that at the time sounded crazy, particularly about Diddy Take a listen.


The requirement is you gotta say no to Diddy. If it's new booty in the building, you know he gonna get it. Don't take your girlfriend to a Diddy party. You can take the, but he won't shoot. He ain't worried about that. He's not worried about that at all. I mean, it's so crazy that all of these clips are coming out and you're listening to so many people speak about Diddy and each time they just turn it into a joke. And I'm not sure if they're turning it into a joke because they just think that the people are being funny or, 'cause I guess the other end of that is it's too much to process that all of this has been going on in Hollywood, right under our noses.


And the individuals that were allowing it, that were complicit in this are just given billions. I mean, these people are, are famous. The media loves them, they celebrate them and And. so that's the part that always really upsets me is that when these things take place and somebody goes down, so to speak, like a Diddy or an Epstein, the media pretends like they're surprised when in the reality. The reality is is that the media protected them for years until something broke, something came out and they could protect them no more. Even when the allegations were coming out about Diddy until he was arrested. The media really didn't talk about this case enough. I mean, I've been talking about it nonstop because as I said, we have not yet gotten the big names.


Okay? Diddy, to me is the fall guy. This sounds like this was a full operation as expressed from the producer Little Rod who came out with this initially, it sounds like he, he implied heavily that the feds are involved, that they're allowed, you know, to have these drugs the executives had that have been named in that suit. We haven't seen any articles written about them, which means that we are still seeing a, a major effort to protect the big names. Just like what Jeffrey Epstein, we still do not have his client list. And that's problematic because that client list is a list of people that we can bank on as being blackmailed politicians that we can bank on as being blackmailed. And it's important that we know who those individuals are.


All Right guys, I'm gonna take a second here before I get in to another story and tell you about Seven Weeks Coffee Seven Weeks Coffee is America's pro-life coffee company on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. Why are the coffee Seven Weeks Coffee? Because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean, and it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $500,000 for these centers and have saved over 5,000 lives by providing free ultrasounds and other resources to moms in need. Now, I'll tell you about the coffee 'cause I'm very pick about what I put into my body. It's mold-free pesticide-free shade grown and low acid. And it's organically farmed. It truly checks all the boxes so exclusively for my listeners, you can go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code CANDACE for up to 25% off your order.


Remember that your order will directly help support a network of over 900 pro-life organizations across the us That's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace for up at 25% off your order. Before we get into your comments, guys, I just also wanna mention this Alex Jones Infowars thing. A judge has now officially approved auctions liquidating all of Alex Jones' assets to pay the Sandy Hook families. And in case you haven't been following this, like Alex Jones has been fighting a court battle. And essentially he was sued for defamation. He was covering the Sandy Hook shooting, and what he specifically said to me is not at root here. It's, it's the fact that he owes more than $1 billion, $1 billion.


And obviously he can't afford to pay $1 billion to the Sandy Hook family who are liquidating all of his businesses. Now, most people when they heard the story were like, this is so disgusting. I'm against Alex Jones that, you know, these families were being harassed because of conspiracy theories that he was spinning. And I want you to First and foremost take a more nuanced take for a couple of reasons. The first thing is to recognize the lies that the media has told us. Just let's just do a snapshot over the last five years that have impacted people's lives. And you have never seen a lawsuit like this, right? I mean, I'm talking big lies, like lies that have torn apart families, lies that allowed you to have your mother die alone in a hospital because of what they were telling you about Covid lies.


Maybe you were one of the people who lost a family member, a young son or a young daughter because they suffered from myocarditis and, and had heart issues and died, suffered from heart issues, myocarditis and died after they got the vaccine because you trusted the media. We've never seen the media held to that particular standard. So when you see people that are commenting on this case, it's not because they agree with what Alex with, with what Alex Jones said or what Alex Jones did, it's because they are realizing this incredible exception and wondering why it is that the media gets away with lying to us virtually all the time. And those lies have real world impact on our lives.


And yet for Alex Jones there, they, they, they wanted to make sure that they could crush his empire. Now the other thing that I wanna mention to you is that parking aside the case, the one of the reasons that Alex Jones was speaking about this and speaking about school shootings, and this is something that obviously if you've read the book Chaos, you are aware of, but it is a fact. So do not think that it is a, a conspiracy. It is a fact that our government implemented very sadistic evil programs trying to control people's minds to get them to commit crimes. That's just a fact. That's a, that's a historical fact. You can look this up on Google in your spare time, learn about the MK Ultra Program, learn about how the feds were turning people into candidates.


And like I said, when you read that book, chaos, it's about the Charles Manson story. What you didn't know is that Charles Manson was a federal asset and he was given drugs and he was instructed on what to do, and he was protected by the feds for a very long time. And. so that is something that I just think we need to come to terms with, is that what sometimes happens is that when people support, you know, suspect these things more broadly. And there have been other cases, by the way, I wanna say Timothy McVay, I jotted them down. I'm, I'm just gonna find this really quickly, of people who were involved with the feds that went on to commit crimes. We have a, who's the person? Is it Timothy McVay that I'm thinking of?


You guys? Ted Yeah, Ted Kazinski, that's right. Who was also involved Timothy McVay. And you don't realize that so many of these cases that you remember hearing about of these tragic murders that took place, or tragic events that took place, the feds were in fact involved. They had a near obsession in the 1960s and the 1970s with seeing whether or not they could condition someone's mind to turn them into a, a freak, a killer, somebody that could mass control people, which was what Charles Manson specialized in. They, and the, the Hippie Commune was fundamentally as that book implicates protected by the feds, they knew that they were distributing drugs, they knew that he was brainwashing them, they allowed this to take place because it was a part of their broader operation.


So also separate that and know that when people are introducing those aspects or people suspect that this could be what the government is doing, it is based on a historical understanding of things that have happened in the past. Again, I am not all agreeing with anything that Alex Jones said. I just wanted to remark that this is why there has been so much outrage about it is because there have been so many things that our media has said that have been dishonest, that have lied to us, that have cost real lives. And yet there was this kind of real focus on taking down Alex Jones. And I don't agree with what the families had to go through potentially because of his rhetoric, but I also don't agree with a billion dollar lawsuit on the back end of that, that obviously no person could plausibly afford to pay So I.


Just wanted to comment on that. All Right guys, we're gonna get into your comments particularly about Kamala. I can't wait to see what you guys are saying. First, I just wanna remind you guys about Nimi. This episode is sponsored by Nimi Skincare, my favorite skincare brand that's out there. I use it every single night. You might see me using on Instagram. It's come to be known as America Skincare Company because they formulate and manufacture all of their skincare products in the USA while supporting pro-America causes and organizations. Nimi Skincare is true American luxury skincare, but their prices are affordable since they deliver directly to your door and cut out the big box retailer middleman. Nimi has everything you need to build an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse bright and protect and help fight the key signs of aging. Another reason I love Nimi is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom.


So you can sign up right now@nimiskincare.com for a subscription to save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% using code Candace at checkout. Plus, you'll receive a free gift on every third order. If, you aren't sure where to start, take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skincare. That's Nimi, NIMI skincare.com promo code Candace today. It's comment time. I cannot, okay, I'm looking already in the live check Canice, you're about, they're about to send you to jail. Okay? Yeah, I know the Kamala, they're gonna be on me like crazy. But it's, yeah, that's a, it's a huge story. We're gonna get into your comments guys. Again, we are gonna jump over to Rumble to read the comments and to get further into this discussion. I am sure your jaws are on the floor.


Mine have been on the floor. By the way, guys support my work. You know, I'm demonetized on these channels. Go to locals.com If you love these investigations and things that we're doing, please go to locals.com and, and support the show in whatever capacity you can. You can give $1 a month the cents a month, but support independent journalism because nobody would've ever done this except for me when somebody comes for Janet Jackson, because that's the new rule. you know, you come for one, you're coming for the whole tribe. Now we're not doing the wacko jacko thing to every black person that has a thought that's outside of the box, like, I'm so sick of this, I'm over it. Wacko jacko has been canceled. Okay? You come for Janet Jackson, you're coming for all of us. Okay? All Right, guys, I always see you over at Rumble.


All righty, I'm excited to see your comments. This is gonna be crazy. Kimberly Hall writes, how can I ask you more in depth questions? I have so many, I definitely want to know more about unions as well because I'm very involved in my union. I don't know if I should leave. The history of unions in this country is quite dark. It's funny 'cause I was just speaking to somebody who, who grew up in the Soviet Union, and it is a fact that we took over a ton of Russian immigrants and those Russian immigrants were some of them just true psychopaths that supported communism and they established the unions right away. More in depth questions. You can ask me. I'm, I'm on the men app actually, M-I-N-N-E-C-T, the Mennet app.


And people can message me there and I'm able to answer their questions individually. Play it out right? I believe today is your highest live viewer. Count to date on YouTube. Congrats. I didn't even see it. What was it? Thank you. I'm celebrating, what was it? My 47,000. Woo. that is amazing. Thank you so much. Oh my gosh, that's so exciting. I love you guys that it is very exciting because I just feel like we've had such a crazy year and now I feel like I'm just being myself and having fun and you guys are just responding to that. So it's, it's really good to have you guys here on the show. Play it outright. I mean, a Black Panther writes Candace. Do you think the 2020 election was rigged? 100%. I will never change my mind on that. And for everyone who is too much of a coward to make that statement, IIII resent you, I really resent people who are, are too, too much of a coward to simply say what we all know in our hearts to be true.


It was nothing but funny business. They used Covid as an excuse to fundamentally change the way that we vote and to pretend that it was totally normal for them to just shut down counting votes in the middle of the night and then we all woke up and it was an entirely different election result. Mama Mia writes 50 cent played the long game instead of partaking in p Diddy's antics, he took notes for a docuseries. Yep, clever. He did a very good job. Sarah writes, you called her out from the beginning. The true believers will always see through the lies. Yes, I never trusted Kamala. I just know someone who's got secrets and I also just know someone who just ain't black. you know what I mean? Like there's nothing about her. There's just like no flavor going on there with Kamala. It's like even when she says, girl, I'm in these streets. I'm like, I am uncomfortable.


Like I don't, I also don't wanna see her dance. don don't wanna see her. I just feel like I'm just uncomfortable all the time. It's like she's just clearly not that thing she's purporting to be. It's very strange and it's very pathetic that some people are falling for that and pretending that she's gonna be our first black president. Shame on you. Shame on you. Dave writes, love the show Candace and keep digging. I know why the mainstream media isn't picking up on the story. But any thoughts why none of your peers aren't mentioning the scandal yet? Well, First and foremost, because they were probably like, if she's wrong, it's gonna be a big wrong. I'm a risk taper. Risk taker. Everybody else always does the thing and it actually kinda drives me crazy. They wait until it's perfectly safe and then they pretend that they were courageous.


Like I was like the first one that was saying, do not get the vaccine. And I was just getting completely pummeled by the media. I was the first one. You can go back, check the records. That was against the Me Too movement the day it was trending. I was like, nope. And then the entire, even the conservatives came down on me and was like, oh. 'cause everyone was like, we're talking about rape. And then when it's perfectly safe to say the thing, everyone's like, oh yeah, I know. I, I then said like it was going too far. And I think that's part of it is that it's they, they want to stay in the category of safe, which I understand. I get it. It's not fun to have the media constantly dragging your name and trying to ruin your reputation and trying to get you demonetized. But I also think like have a little courage because it matters. So that's where I'm at on that somebody wrote, what percent Black is Kamala based on this?


I don't know. 'cause I still don't know about Donald Terrace. He's a big question mark for me. Like is it actually her father? Is that woman her grandma? It could be her mom. I don't know. I have no idea. We're just gonna keep digging and getting more information. But the lack of relationship between her and Donald and I don't know, just things that he said that were wrong. I don't feel good about Donald Harris. He's a major question mark for me. and yeah, she's not very black at all is the answer because I don't even think Oscar Harris is that black So I. Don't know. We're gonna keep digging though. We we're gonna get an definitive answer for you. I am on the case. T James writes, hi Candace, wishing you all the best, God be with you. Thank you guys so much.


I genuinely appreciate just everything I've been having so much fun this week. And we have one more day left and of course we're gonna keep digging and see what else we can find. But this, I would say today we dropped a major bomb And. so we'll see how Kamala's campaign responds. We'll see you guys tomorrow.