
All Right guys. Happy Monday from London and it is a Happy Monday indeed because I WON. I WON. I didn't expect it. I played it cool, but it's recently now been announced that it is me. I am the Antisemite of the Year. Yeah, I was named by the watchdog group, appropriately named StopAntisemitism me because apparently Jewish people everywhere are terrified when they wake up and they envision who to be terrified about. It's little old me. We've definitely gotta discuss that. Also, I really wanna get to Kaitlyn Clark because she has been under fire recently. She gave an interview to Time Magazine because she was their athlete of the year and she mentioned her white privilege and people are outraged on the right, which is different because normally the left is outraged about her.


And I don't know if I'm just like getting soft in my old age, but I am like team Kaitlyn Clark. And I find that the conservative response to be very annoying. So we're gonna discuss that, all that plus more coming up on Candace. All right, where do we begin? I think we just have to jump right into this amazing New York Post article. And it's amazing because of not just how they announced it, but the quote that they were able to get from Stop Antisemitism's founder, which is a woman named Leo Re.


So they announced that fire brand pundit Candace Owens, has been named the Antisemite of the Year by the Watchdog Group, StopAntisemitism Me. They say that she quote blew the competition away with more votes than anyone in previous years right there. Amazing. It's like so much is going on. If you, If you really gotta paint a picture of yourself of who is terrifying the Jewish community, like who is the second coming of Adolf Hitler? It used to be Donald Trump, they're over that now. He's in the cover of Time Magazine, but also Adolf Hitler was once upon time in the cover of Time Magazine. Anyways, the point is, is now they've realized the field has been cleared by me, Candace Owens. Okay, this is the quote that Lior Rez gave.


It is exceptional. She said, Candace Owens's witches brew of antisemitism drew from vile medieval blood libels, including claims that Jews drink Christian blood conspiracies, that Jews are pedophiles who control the media and are taking over America and modern toxic anti-Israel hysteria. There is no psychotic rabbit hole to extreme for this poisonous hater. And I just wonder like when people give quotations like that, and then when publications decide to publish quotations like that, are they really in that much of a vacuum? Is this just like a feedback loop amongst people that are like Likud party journalists where they don't realize how completely warped and deranged they sound to even put these things on paper?


Like no one believes this. Obviously nobody believes this and look no further than the New York Post comment section. It was exceptional, just completely being ratioed everywhere you gotta go on Instagram. I'm gonna read you a few of these comments, but people were just reaching out, we were getting donations. They were angry at the New York Post for this, making a mockery of it, even gr, which is like X's AI program. Were like, yeah, Kansas has been named Antisemites of the Year, but there has been some mixed reactions. So I'm gonna read you some of these mixed reactions on Instagram. This user wrote, this is how you try and destroy someone through insidious rumors. And then later God finds a way to vindicate the flock of pariahs.


Honestly, I'm not a fan of hers, but come on, this next person writes. She was hoping to get it. Ha ha ha. Candace is a truth teller. Hashtag Christ is king. This person writes, wow. And she had some serious competition. I did. This person writes Israel rating American citizens by how well behaved they are the nerve of these people. This person says the truth doesn't make you anti anything. She's a hero. Only genocide supporters would call her an anti-Semites. The truth will get you canceled. Candace is great. Israel should be marked as anti-Christian of the year after what they did in Syria. So it's not going well. I would say for like the pro-Israel lobby, people are not falling for this sort of a thing. But it's interesting to see that they have not stopped the onslaught of slander and libel this entire year when any person just wants them to practically debate why it is that America should be married to the foreign policy aims of BB net and Yahoo and the Likud party.


It makes entirely no sense. It's interesting If you just actually reflect and Think about this though, years ago and by years ago, I would say, if I could pinpoint it at eight years ago, it really mattered if someone called you a white supremacist, like the idea of being called a white supremacist or being called a racist. It was so shocking and jarring to someone you would do anything to correct the record. And in that it gave people so much power to, to just yield that, to wield it and to yield it whenever you wanted to. And then what happened was BLM came around and we started realizing, oh wait, this is not actually about racism or this is not about fighting white supremacy. This is actually about a group of people that want to amass power by making other people shut up because they can't actually debate their ideas.


And so we learned that that was kinda the lesson and the takeaway from BLM and nobody took accusations of racism seriously from them then on, for better or worse, I would think probably the pinnacle of that was like George Floyd stuff. But now we're doing the exact same thing again with antisemitism. And it's so weird because you have people that are supposed to be brilliant who should work through that. This isn't going to work socially. It's not landing. People are getting tired, getting fatigued. You can't just keep calling everyone Adolf Hitler, you're taking the sting out of Adolf Hitler. People are now making jokes about Adolf Hitler because you just refer to every person that you have a disagreement with as a a spa on a Hitler. Someone did a poster of me, they called me Ava Braun.


It's just, it's just getting so ridiculous out there. And now we've moved into a world where nobody cares, nobody cares. And people are starting to think it's funny and they're competing to win these sorts of awards because it is a part of the woke Olympics. But I took this very seriously, primarily because I was quite shocked that it came down. A lot of people were in the field as that person mentioned, Dan Bilzerian was named as a potential candidate to be Antisemite of the Year. He lost, I think Andrew and Tristan Tate had won a week or something. The two of them lost Rashida Talib, she lost. And it came down to me and Greta Thunberg that really poor Greta, I don't care. I know you guys are like, you don't like Greta.


This girl literally has autism and has a stuffed octopus that quite literally every toddler in the world has a stuffed octopus. And they really, this group stopped antisemitism put her in a post and she, it was the worst form of antisemitism they'd ever seen. Greta Thunberg, who carries this octopus because she has disorder and this stuffed animal helps her was an antisemite because apparently an octopus also is symbolic of Jews controlling the world. And I'm sure that's exactly what Greta Thunberg thought when she purchased it. But the reality is of course, that Greta Thunberg, the reason they were really attacking her and libeling her and smearing her after saying she was a hero. And after she was in the cover of Time Magazine, man, these things changed so fast culturally, she's on the cover now, she's in the running to be Antisemite of the Year was because she just spoke out on behalf of Palestinians, people who don't believe that they should be ruthlessly murdered by the Likud party terrorists.


And that was her crime. So it came down to me and it came down to her because I guess we had a human take on what was happening to the Palestinians. But I wanna take this seriously by putting together an acceptance speech. I wasn't expecting this or I would have gone shopping, I would've worn a dress. I would've in invited my family members and my friends to this. So this is sort of impromptu, but I did put together a couple of people, but I do wanna thank for this incredible feat. So I'll just get started here. I think First and foremost, I, I want to thank the people who guided me here, the teachers who got me here, the teachers being the rabbis who got me here. You know, this journey really began for me with Rabbi Barclay who I invited on to an earlier show of mine and asked him a pretty basic question, which took him a very long time to answer.


And that question was, could you just provide us with a definition of antisemitism? And here is what he had to say, don't fall asleep. Could you provide for us a definition of antisemitism? I absolutely, I really appreciate that because I think that is the break. If we're not speaking the same language, where can we go? Right? So there's a man, a blessed memory man named Lord Jonathan Sachs. He was the chief rabbi of England. He had a great line. He really defined antisemitism that that antisemitism is Jews have no right to exist collectively as Jews with the same rights as other human beings, which is kind of weird statements.


And we'll just track back to understand the history of antisemitism. 2000 years ago, Jews don't accept Jesus as Messiah. For hours later In 1144, a young boy killed and a local priest says that's because the Jews need to make their matza with Christian blood One eternity later Because it's about Jews not having the right to exist collectively when they live in their little communities in the Middle Ages, antisemitism, they hate against their religion.


By the time you get to the 18th and 20th centuries when so many Jews have assimilated, they are in culture, they are in arts, they're in science. It's no longer against them for their religion, it's against them for their race because anti-Semitism is the oldest hate in the world and the hate that mutates. And there it is, there it is. It's whatever they want it to be whenever they want it to be. And you might be an anti-Semite today for having a stuffed octopus and it dates back to the Middle Ages and then it goes on to the 11th century and the 12th century. But it, it is accepted by the experts that antisemitism is malleable.


So If you, If you piss off somebody, they can just call you an antisemite. And you have to accept that if those accusations are coming from somebody who is Jewish, also wanna thank somebody who contributed to me and contributed I think to the world a lot. And of course that would be Rabbi Shmuley another, another teacher, another leader, he and his hag daughter who we will not leave out here for demonstrating to the world really, that our factory presets may have been wrong. If you guys were like me, I was kind of wandering around and I just never in a million years could have envisioned Jewish people doing anything wrong. I don't know what that is. Maybe it's too many cultural films about the Holocaust stuff that you learned in school. But I had never foreseen an individual quite like Rabbi Mulu, who I think sort of shattered the narrative of Jewish people always being the victims.


And he did this gloriously, I mean the amount of harassment that I endured by him really culminated. His finest point this year was when he and his daughter called the FBI on me because they received a pineapple pizza to their house that they didn't order. And so the only logical conclusion would be like Candace is trying to kill me or whatever. And truly the Likud party media ran this story in earnest, in earnest, the FBI has been contacted about Candace Owens and in Pineapple pizza, we didn't receive an update on that Jerusalem post. By the way, If you could let us know how that investigation is going because there's no worse victimhood and there is, I can think of no demented more form of antisemitism then when someone receives a pineapple pizza that they didn't order where we're very serious people here in the west.


I think I would be remiss if I didn't also thank Ben Shapiro just for being Ben Shapiro. I think we all just wanna thank Ben Shapiro for being Ben Shapiro. He's just a phenomenal human being who is well loved. And lastly, of course, some people walked So I could run and I could think of no person who walks further than Kanye West, my dear friend. I absolutely love you, Kanye. I'll tell you one thing, the conversation is very different than it was two years ago when Kanye West won this award and he did not accept it. I don't know where he was. He's somewhere in Tokyo now. I bumped into him a couple of months ago, but I do wanna borrow from his Grammy acceptance speech because it's incredibly relatable and it is exactly how I am feeling right now.


Take a listen. Everybody want to know what I would do if I didn't win? I guess we'll never know. Woo, I did it, you guys, I guess we'll never know. You guys thought I was gonna spazz out, freak out. No, I WON fair and square. Take that. All jokes aside though, you guys, obviously we know the antisemitism, that the the charge no longer has any real meaning because if it did have any real meaning, the person who would have won for Antisemite of the Year would have been BB net and Yahoo himself. Obviously there has been no individual that has murdered and killed and maimed more actual semis than BB Netanyahu has done this year.


And he deserves to be investigated and put under arrest by the ICC. He's going through a corruption trial pertaining to what's happening in October 7th. And the people that they look could party media are targeting are those who are following this corruption trial in earnest and recognizing that something went very wrong on October 7th. And a person who is being accused of, you know, changing the transcripts on October 7th and intentionally feeding the west false narratives as he is being accused of right now in Israel, even though your Western media will not cover this, is somebody that is suspicious, A person who has been caught on tape saying that he never meant to have peace for the Palestinians.


In case you guys have not seen that clip, I know I showed it before, but this is a really good teaching moment for you guys regarding the Abraham Abraham Accords. Bibi Netanyahu was speaking to a reporter. He asked the reporter to turn the cameras off and this is what he had to say about his ambitions, If you will, against the Palestinians and how he lied and how he is easily able to manipulate the American people really into believing that they're the victims while they're the aggressors. Take a listen. He says the main thing is first of all, to strike them not once but several times so painfully that the price they pay is unbearable. So far the price tag is not unbearable.


I mean a large scale attack on the Palestinian authority causing them to fear that everything is about to collapse. Fear is what brings them. Hold on, this woman asks, but then again the world will say that we're the aggressors, the reporter saying this, they're gonna say that we're the aggressors. He says they can say whatever they want or, but aren't you afraid of what they'll say? Bibi, aren't you afraid? Bibi Netanyahu answers and says, and she says, especially today with the us, aren't you afraid of what they'll say? Bibe answers and says, I know how they are. United States, America is something that you can easily maneuver and move in the right direction. And even if they say something so they can say something. So what? 80% of Americans support us. It's absurd.


Look, I wasn't afraid. I wasn't afraid to confront Clinton. I wasn't afraid to go against the un. What happened with the Oslo accords, the accords which were ratified by parliament, I was asked before of the 1996 elections, will you fulfill them? I said, yes, subject to re reciprocity. I gave my own interpretation to the agreements in such a way that will allow me to stop the race back towards the 1967 borders. How do we manage this? Well, because nobody defined what the military facilities were. So I define them as being buffer zones. The entire Jordan Valley for me, nobody has, I mean this is just an incredible clip. He's basically saying, don't care what America says.


Don't care if the UN says I will defy them, I will mock them. I'll be tricky. The Oslo accords, I was never gonna make good on that. I was never gonna allow Palestine to become a state. I realized that I could maneuver the language and he's laughing. He is. I mean it. This is, he is caught on camera saying this way before October 7th. And yet you still have Americans who are not awake to the fact that our foreign policy is being dictated by this man. Billions of dollars going into the Middle East, not benefiting Americans whatsoever. And again, these kued party journalists who have, they're not duly loyal, do not accuse 'em of being duly loyal. They are loyal to Israel. And if that's not despicable enough, there's also the footage that is being suppressed.


BB Netanyahu essentially saying threatening people on the west. Any person that stands against Israel is going to face consequences. So you're talking about a person that is close to calling for a genocide, calling for censorship, and calling for people who live in America and have freedom. We have the freedom to express our beliefs, to be boycotted and to face consequences if they stand in the way of his party. Initiatives take a listen. In the last few years we have promoted in the USA and there are now laws in most states there that anyone who boycotts Israel will themselves be punished.


So it won't help them. We don't care and we are fighting it. And for those of us who have eyes and are on social media, obviously watching the Holocaust of the Palestinians has been something that has been upsetting. And so we will show you what we can on YouTube because, well most of this stuff is censored thanks to the hundreds of millions of dollars at APAC has spent over the years on our politicians in DC and on our journalists. But here is just a clip from last week. If Gaza is a hellscape, these men are walking deeper into it. A lower circle. Still this ruin, still a light was moments earlier a post office building, dozens of people had been sheltering here.


A young girl is somehow brought out from the wreckage. No equipment, no uniforms. But these rescuers know what they're doing. A collective muscle memory after more than 14 months of unrelenting horror, those waiting in the street helping light the way. So here is how it works, let me help you out. If you are speaking using genocidal language, If you are calling for censorships, if censorship, If you are calling for boycotting, If you are calling for individuals to be banned from countries as a Zionist Federation of Australia did when they found out that I was coming to Australia and you wake up one day and you find that the world is not on your side, let me tell you it's not because you're Jewish, it's because you're annoying, you're hypocritical and people are rightfully calling you out.


And If you think that petty smears and libels and really kind of what I just see now as like these, these these petty acts of, of vengeance being executed against people's reputations is going to work long term, well then you might wanna keep checking the comment sections of posts like the New York Post and it StopAntisemitism me when they go after people. And I would say really what I think cinched the wind for me, and I don't think anybody can regret this or could deny this, rather it was really our interview with the USS Liberty survivor field attorney. It the very end of the year dropping that obviously seemed to rip a hole through the universe.


People that just didn't know just how dishonest our media could be on insisting that Israel is our friend and ally as they bury the various things that Israel has been involved in plotting terrorist attacks and trying to blame them on Arabs as they did with the US s liberty as they did with the Lavan affair. People are just becoming more educated and it's in large part thanks to independent media endeavors, but also in large part thanks to organizations like StopAntisemitism Me who have grown so hysterical And so cartoonish that they couldn't possibly maintain people on their side short of people who are, you know, toddlers and emotional. So I'm very proud of myself. Thank you for all of you who voted for me and I will do my best in the future to win Antisemite of the Galaxy.


'cause I think if we do like a Star Wars edition, antisemite the Galaxy, then people will really see that this is about victimhood and and maybe it'll be me up against the same people and I, I have a feeling that I will win.


Alright. Right guys. Taking a moment to remind you about PreBorn because every baby's life is a precious gift full of potential and dreams that are waiting to unfold. That's why PreBorn, the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies. PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. As abortion continues to rise, PreBorn is expanding their life, affirming care to help more hurting women and save more lives. If you have the means, please consider a leadership gift to save babies in a very big way. A tax deductible donation of $15,000 will replace an ultrasound machine in a women's center saving countless lives for years to come. And now PreBorn will match your gift doubling the donation amount. To donate dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Alright, so Caitlyn Clarke, honestly, she is a name that everybody's familiar with because the majority of people do not watch the WNBA. This has not anything to do with discrimination against women, it's just that women don't tend to be as interested in sports as men are. Obviously she has been a young, a superstar. Suddenly she's everywhere. She's being hotly debated. Anyways, she rightfully won Time Magazine Athlete of the Year. Like I said, she has made such a splash in the WNBA that it would've been ridiculous had she had not won this, won this award. But of course, because controversy follows her everywhere, she gave an interview to Time Magazine and she said something and people were furious about it.


So I'm going to read you the exact quotation of what it is that she said. She said quote, I want to say I've earned every single thing, but as a white person, there is privilege. A lot of those players in the league that have been really good have been black players. This league has kind of been built on them. The more we can appreciate that, highlight that, talk about that, and then continue to have brands and companies invest in those players that have made this league incredible. I think it's very important. I have to continue to try to change that. The more we can elevate black women, that's going to be a beautiful thing. Okay? End quote. But cue the outrage. People were like, oh my goodness, how could she say this?


How could she speak about white privilege for clarity? Caitlyn Clark is 22 years old. I think that's really important, relevant to this. And I'm not sure when she became or or in in people's minds like she was supposed to have like fully formed political opinions. I found that to be pretty harmless, but not everybody did. And Megan Kelly went viral for really just freaking out on Kaitlyn Clark. I'm just gonna let you hear Megan Kelly in her own words, Totally in insincere. And here's how You know, it's totally insincere because if Kaitlyn Clark really felt uncomfortable in the spotlight as the newbie who's white, who's, You know, 'cause white people didn't build the league, build the league, she wouldn't have said yes to being Ty Magazine's athlete of the Year.


So either walk the walk or don't. But what you're doing here is trying to have it both ways. You're too cute by half and you've managed to piss off your fan base. Go ahead and look at my Twitter feed and the comments under my tweet on this. She's lost thousands of fans, maybe more as a result of this. And you'll never appease the race bullies in the WNBA ever because you're too popular, you're too talented and too white. Okay? So it's a little too much outrage for me. I think it's a little ridiculous. I think we are holding her to an impossible standard. She's 22 years old. I don't know a single commentator out there, Megan Kelly included, who did not at some point throughout their political career have the wrong perspectives.


But for whatever reason we've decided Caitlyn Caitlyn's not allowed that time to grow. She's not allowed time to change. She's gotta be a perfect MAGA candidate and I guess stand up to the entire mob. This girl's literally being bullied, physically bullied, I will say, by the way, on the court, and we know the basis of that is quite racist. I think she just wants to survive. I think genuinely, Caitlyn just wants to survive. I think if she could be invisible and never have to speak about race again, she'd be very happy. But they're not going to allow her to do that. She just wants to play basketball and be great at a sport that she loves. But of course she's now in an environment where everything is so heavily politicized and she just wants to survive. She just wants to maybe not get elbow checked every single time she dribbles the ball. And so you have this woman who's 22 years old and you have someone like Megan, Megan maybe 50 52, 54.


The point that I'm making here is not about Megan's age, but just how much she's changed her viewpoints. Megan supported the trans agenda like six years ago, right when she was a fully formed adult. Why? Because she just wanted to survive at a b, C news, right? Meghan was a part of the anti-Trump early movement. Now who knows what motivated that? She said she changed down the line, but we afforded her all of those changes and all of those privileges. And she still has a platform and we understand that it takes time to develop and to maybe see why certain things are wrong. She can extend that to Kaitlyn Clark at the ripe age of, of 22 years old. I just, I just think it's unfair. I think it's totally unfair. And like I said, it's not exactly like we've turned to WNBA player players to be our Plato and Aristotle's of the time.


I, I don't exactly think that they sit down and deeply consider these topics. She's not LeBron James who's older, who's got a family. She didn't take a knee and say, I hate the American flag. She just kind of softly threw it back to the black women in the league who are up, many of who are upset with her existence. Not all of them, not all of them have been petty. But this is the same stuff that happens even in rap music if you've removed the race element. People don't like a rookie that comes in and gets all of the attention, whether you're talking about the little Kim to Nicki Minaj to Cardi B, this, this is pretty standard that when a rookie comes in, they expect you to throw it back to the people that have been there forever.


And you're supposed to say like, oh yeah, well it wouldn't exist if it wasn't for, you know, Roxie Brown, if it wasn't for Lil Kim, if it wasn't for this individual. It's pretty harmless. I disagree with her. I think she's wrong. I don't think it has anything to do with white privilege. But I also understand the predicament that she's in every day when every single thing she does is being completely racialized and she's being bullied. She's like the new kid on the block that is being bullied every single day. And I think she just wants to survive in the high school hallway. And So I hate to see the left outrage machine going after her and then the right outrage machine going after her. And I think just give her a tiny bit of grace, a tiny bit of time to, to feel comfortable in her own skin within the WNBA time to get older, maybe to get married and you definitively become infinitely more secure as a woman once you have a family and you realize that those moments don't really matter and you just kind of wanna say things that make a difference.


Let her play this game in the way that she's playing it socially. Being polite and saying that there were all of these women before me who were in the WNBA. There were a lot of black women in the WNBA, but yes, her caliber of talent is something that hasn't exactly been seen. And So I just wanted to defend her because I think it's completely ridiculous. And still, by the way, still, when asked about the outrage of the right, Kaitlyn Clark took the high road, which I think is amazing. Like she had every reason to just be like, can everybody just leave me alone? I hate conservatives, I hate liberals, whatever it is. She said this, she said, I think my best skill is just blocking out the noise. And hopefully it continues to be because with the way things are going and where the N-W-N-B-A is going, you want that attention and you embrace it. And that's what makes this so fun.


Just leave Caitlin Clark alone, everybody, just leave Caitlyn Clark alone and allow her to dribble the ball and grow up. That's all I'm gonna say about that topic.


All Right guys, I wanna take a minute to talk to you about our store over at Sticker Mule. It is packed with awesome Candace Owens merch including stickers, t-shirts, key chains, buttons and more. You can even buy a Candace temporary tattoo with Christmas right around the corner. It's the perfect place to get your friends or family members who are also fans of the show, the perfect stocking stuffer because like you, they have impeccable taste. So go to stick your mule.com/ Candace and check it out. Now, a big portion of sales will go directly to the Candace show supporting our mission to empower communities and promote free thought. Whether you wanna show your support or just grab some cool gear, we've got you covered. From Christ is King t-shirts to conspiracy theorist stickers, head to sticker Mule for all things Candace. Once again, go to sticker mule.com/ Candace. You can check it out right now.


Alright, some good news things are going to change. People are looking, are feeling tremendously optimistic, obviously about RFK Junior and the people that he is selecting around him. One such person is Aaron Siri and he's basically RFK junior's lawyer and he's asking the FDA to revoke approval of the polio vaccine. The polio vaccine really is the one, it's the linchpin to people waking up to big pharma, having manipulated statistics, lying and using fear campaigns because even when I went anti-vax, obviously everyone knows I'm anti-vax, I'm proudly anti-vax. You would still find people that said, well, what about map polio? What about map polio? And they all really think that polio was eradicated and that simply is not the truth.


And the way that you can really find out that is not the truth is that the people that are staunchly against or are pro-vaccine rather never wanna debate it. They don't really know anything outside of what they were taught in a health class. Whereas the people that are anti-vax have done the due diligence, have done the work. You guys know I did my show A shot in the Dark, which I'm so pleased to announce to you guys today officially will be coming back. You can follow the countdown If you go to Candace Owens dot com, A shot in the dark is officially coming back. I know so many mothers have been emailing us. We had to build a platform from it to go on to go onto. Go to ken owens.com and check it out. But anyways, back to Kennedy's lawyer. Essentially he is under heat from Republicans, by the way, in a statement from McConnell.


He essentially said he contacted his disease as a child in 19 44, 11 years before the licensing of the first polio vaccine. And he said, quote, the polio vaccine has saved millions of lives and held out the promise of eradicating a terrible disease. Efforts to undermine public confidence in proven cures are just not uninformed. They're dangerous. Anyone seeking, seeking the Senate's consent to serve the incoming administration would do well to steer clear of even the appearance of association with such efforts. Great. Okay, Mitch McConnell, that is your take. Here's what we are asking you to do. Rather than puffing your chest out and saying this is dangerous and misinformation, sit down and have a debate because right now you are pretending that you are an educator.


You are pretending that the issue is Aaron Syria, that the issue is RFK Junior. You are purporting that these vaccines saved lives. If all of that is true, it should be very easy for Mitch McConnell to sit down and have a conversation with RFK Junior about the history of the polio vaccine. My best guess is he's not going to do that. Why is it my best guess? Because who are the biggest lobbyists in dc, big Pharma and apac, right? This is why it's never ending wars and it's never ending vaccines and people know where their bread is. Butter, this is a huge part of the problem. Kids are not healthier, they are sicker. They never wanna revisit the history of vaccines. It's all, like I said, fear and manipulation and this isn't going to work. I'm going to bet this is not going to work. Mitch o McConnell, the idea that you're just going to tell people these are terrible diseases and any, any person that stands in the way of Big Pharma is, is not going to be allowed into this administration.


Everybody's tired of that. There's a reason that people voted for Donald Trump. There's a reason that people voted for the union of RFK Jr. Make America healthy again, healthy again, and Donald Trump because they wanna shake up. They're, they're tired of this dinosaur effort that doesn't debate any ideas and has this authoritarian approach to everything. And like I've said throughout my entire shot in the dark series when I had pediatricians, oh, dangerous misinformation, I invited these individuals onto the show to have a debate. They never wanna debate it because there is no science there, okay? It's, it's, it's a cult. It's essentially we're the doctors, we have the money, we have the press on our side, we've spent the money on your politicians.


We are authoritarian and you will listen to us. Like I said, that mirage is slipping and that's in large part due to Covid. It's one of the great results of COVID is that people are finally seeing things for what they are. Vaccine rates are down all across the board and I think if I have anything to do with it, Mitch McConaughy or welcome to come to my show by next year as we drop not just our vaccine series but also our birth control series, we really are going to see all across the world people waking up to what I believe has been a nefarious for-profit scheme and has been so heartless so as to intentionally poison and make kids sick with autoimmune diseases for decades.


It's going on for decades and I have full faith in what RFK Junior is doing on the health side and I fully endorse Aaron Siri sitting down with Mitch McConnell and speaking about these things in the manner that that makes sense. So I'm very excited about that. All Right guys. I also am going to, I know so many of you guys have been messaging me about the New Jersey drones because I was sick all last week as you guys knew, plus getting over here to London. I haven't done a deep dive into it, but I will have one ready for you tomorrow. I just wanna say this to you First and foremost, the headlines of people that are saying that it's Iran. I just cannot, with the Iran propaganda guys, they just want world wari with Iran. They're blaming them for everything. I promise you, it's like Joe Biden trips in a bicycle.


It was Iran, Trump almost gets assassinated. There were rumors that Iran is going to assassinate him in the middle of Pennsylvania. I hope you're starting to see this, this trend, whoever it is that Israel wants to go to war with, we then get all of this propaganda, anti propaganda, whatever that state is like it completely foolish for Iran to try to assassinate Donald Trump on live TV and they kinda just dropped that narrative. But when I saw this with the drones, it was hard not to laugh just to completely laugh at how ridiculous and how desperate the deep state is to make this Iran thing stick when in reality, like I said, Israel just wants to go to war with Iran. That writing has been on the wall for years. I'll also say this, for those of you that are believing that the government doesn't know what these drones are, are police are, they absolutely know what these drones are.


They are very more than likely military drones. Obviously, if they did not know what these foreign objects were that were flying in the sky, they would have sent out the Air Force to take them out. They're not doing that because they know exactly what they are. They know exactly what they're doing and they're just not yet ready to tell the public what that is. So that's just the common sense analysis of what's happening. I'm happy to look into everybody's conspiracies, but I find it completely ridiculous to pretend we just don't know what it is and we're totally happy to just sort of let aliens invade the planet. They do know that we, we never know what it is that our military is up to. And so maybe they're conducting military exercises, who knows what they're doing in the region.


I'll have more of a formulated hypothesis for you guys tomorrow, including regarding Luigi Mangione. I gotta tell you, this has been really interesting. I am shocked by how many people do not believe he's actually the shooter. And I just last night started getting into some of those conspiracy theories of why people think that they don't have the right guy. Namely, I guess this tape of him outside fighting the police officers saying that the public was not going to believe this. Let's take a a listen to that Back up completely outta touch as an insult to the intelligence of the American people and the lived experience.


So in case you couldn't hear him, he says it is completely out of touch and an insult to the intelligence of the American people. Why would he say that? Nobody knows why he would say that. It's also strange, and like I said, he comes from a lot of wealth. It turns out that he had no attachment to UnitedHealthcare. It wasn't like he had some like claim that was outstanding. So we're not sure about the motive. People find it strange that he, he was so high IQ and yet he was caught with the backpack and the manifesto and the weapon and people are starting to believe that maybe they just stuck this on him like they just wanted some real assassin came, took out Brian Thompson and then they decided to place it on Luigi Mangione who is an incredibly bright person.


I think a part of the reason why people don't wanna believe that he did this, aside from I think what they view as to be the evidence is too perfect has to do with the fact that a lot of women are just confused because they think he's too good looking to commit this crime. So there's an element of that that I think is quite compelling. Like I said, we're gonna get into that. But you have an Ivy League graduate, obviously smart valedictorian of his high school class. He was described by the friends that have come out thus far as a humble person. They believed he had a bright future. Yes, we are to understand that he did have some sort of a back in back injury that changed him a bit, but turned him into applauding murderer to do something like that.


So coolly in the early morning in New York City, he's never harmed anyone and suddenly he's just able to shoot someone calmly walk away and go get breakfast at McDonald's in Pennsylvania. I think that's what people are not quite understanding and that's why there have been so many questions surrounding this case. Obviously for whatever reason, there are links to Nancy Pelosi because there always are And so we're gonna explore that angle as well. But send me any information you have 'cause this is exactly right up my alley and I will give you guys a fair assessment of what I believe is going on with Mangione and Man Jone's family very well to do old family with a lot of wealth and, and yes, it is not a typical assassin narrative that we are used to.


Doesn't mean that it didn't happen. Alright guys, if you're feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday, you are not alone. Prices remain higher than ever and a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards. That is the perfect time to take control of your finance and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Finance can help you unlock the equity in your home and you can start saving right now. Your customers save on average $800 a month. Just imagine what that can mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season and wouldn't it be nice to start off a new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments, it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christmas is going to be here before you know it. So call one of American financing's salary based mortgage consultants today.


You can call now at (800) 795-1210. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing do net slash Owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash owens. Alright, Right guys, before we get out of here, let's read some of your comments regarding episodes past First and foremost from the USS Liberty episode. Amazing, I think, what are we at? 4.7 million views, Skylar. It's insane and I'm just so grateful that it worked out for us and worked out more importantly for the remaining veterans of that terrible day and, and we absolutely should be, should be honoring them and speaking about what happened to them every June, it, it's completely ridiculous that they're already pushing October 7th for remembrance in the classrooms and we're not even allowed to talk about the USS Liberty anyways.


I've spoken enough, this person grappling writes us Navy Vet here in 1967 to 1971. The crewmen were told that their families would suffer if they talked for over 40 years. I have tried to get this story to be told. Unbelievable. I mean, like I said, I feel grateful that I had the platform to get this story out to the world, but the more vets that write to me and tell me how they were hushed or how they knew they were getting attacked and how everyone was being threatened, it really wakes you up to the montros of, you know, Israel's influence and our politics that we would turn away from our veterans and, and make them suffer in this way. I mean, to see Philip and, and to have Phil turn crying in the way that he did, I think it really stood out to a lot of people and it really made a difference.


Sherry Hudson writes, I'm a 74-year-old lady and I can tell you Lyndon Baines Johnson was a horrible, despicable man. We lost many friends and neighbors in the Vietnam War. Yeah, yeah. I also believe he intentionally killed Christians and he intentionally killed black people, but we're gonna save that for another day. Smelly writes, my grandfather died refusing to talk about this out of fear. Now I am beginning to understand, wow, it's unbelievable. That is just unbelievable. I mean, if they were really threatening to harm people's families, and you can imagine he, he did that as an act of service to your family. Obviously my interview with George has also been watched.


I think we just crossed 2 million views. Me and my husband, he never speaks. And So I think people were like, what does this English man think about Candace? She's a bombastic. American Lambs writes, I know people keep saying Candace needs to hire personal security for her protection, but can we just stop and remember how much her husband, George, who goes to mass every day is praying for Candace? What protection is better than a husband praying for his wife? I all around the world, I, I say this all the time, the prayers have really kept me safe. And you, I think a lot of people have felt this is the crisis King year. And what I mean by that is Christ is always king. It's not like he needs a year, but you can just feel spiritually. People are are tuning in in a way that I don't think we've seen happen before. People were actually spinning conspiracy theories about how many people in the public sphere were getting baptized and thought there was some conspiracy going on with it.


And I just think that the Holy Spirit has been moving and people are alert and recognizing that this is a battle of good versus evil and you have to decide what side you're going to be on and stick it. Q Cakes writes, Candace is a totally different person when in front of her husband. In the best way. She gets so feminine and her face just looks softer. I love it. Yes, he has an effect on me. I still really like him. He's just a very handsome guy, which too many of you wrote in the comments, too many of you ladies wrote that in the comments I'm writing down all of your addresses. Miracle bro writes, I knew her husband was gonna be a stoic, calm, quietish dude as the English are. You know, they're much more reserved than us, but they do like the American spirit regarding the Brett Cooper out at the Daily Wire announcement, psycho Barbie, I love that handle.


Psycho Barbie writes, look, just like Candace outgrew working for a company. So did Brett, it's time for her to move on to something great. So If you guys supported Candace when she stuck out to do all of the amazing things she's done and send the same energy to Brett, couldn't agree more. That's why we linked her channel. I know tons of you guys were having trouble finding it. Just reminding you, If you look up on YouTube, be Brett Cooper, so put a B and then Brett Cooper, then you'll see her channel. I think a lot more of you found it. I'll also include it in the comments section. The comments section with Brett Cooper. Gabby Flores writes, thank you so much for putting her channel in the comments. I've been searching for her since yesterday and it just would not pop up. Thanks for all that you do. Yes, until she starts creating content and depending on what the Daily Wire does with her old channel, it'll keep recommending her old channel for a little bit until things get changed.


But no bother whatsoever because we will keep promoting her on the show and I will have her as a guest in the new year without question. It'll be good to do some collab stuff with her. I miss her. Lastly, Lauren, the Homestead writes. Brett and Cooper. Brett and Cooper. Brett and Candace. Collaboration. Yes, absolutely promise it. Promise it. Maybe we will do like a little Friday collab like every Friday or something and we'll do culture like we'll go into Luigi Mangione and figure out what we can find and and fun stuff like that to just keep people remembering where her new channel is so that they can support her because like I said, she is a tremendous talent and So I am am happy to send every bit of support her way. All Right guys, that's it. That's all we have for you from London.


Remember me, the antisemites of the Galaxy vote for me for next year. Thank you. Thank you. We'll see you guys tomorrow.