
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Welcome back to Candace, everyone. My name is Ian Carroll and welcome to the first episode where I'll be filling in for Candace while she spends time with Baby Roman. Later on, we'll have updates on Candace and Baby Roman, and a crazy story of our hospital being evil. Also, Trump goes after Big Pharma. Diddy starts his trial and claims the freak offs were all consensual and the internet is losing its mind over. Macron and his buddies allegedly getting caught with a baggie of Coke. But first, a scandal that started at kids' birthday parties at Urban Air Adventure Parks is blowing up in a massive way. And one mom who spent the last three years fighting against a multi-billion dollar Private Equity monster is about to top of the whole house of cards, all that and more right now on Candace.


So imagine your mom or a dad and you want to take your kids to the adventure park for a fun day, maybe a birthday party, right? That's where today's story starts with a young girl, seven years old, being taken by her parents to urban Air Adventure Park, and they were expecting just a normal day. They were expecting a wonderful day with their kid. And If you've ever been to Urban Air, you would know that there's all kinds of crazy things for the kids to do. And theoretically, their staff kind of helping keep them safe, helping run the rides. And this little girl teed up to get on one of the most popular rides at Urban Air. We have video from that day.


You got it. Now, this is called the Sky Rider Attraction, and it's gonna play a big part in today's story. But I just wanted to jump in really quickly and give you a Disclaimer that the next part of this clip is pretty traumatic and it doesn't show anything extremely graphic. But if you're a parent or you have young kids, this is gonna be very hard to watch and listen to because they were not expecting their day to go like this. Are we okay? You okay? Sweetheart? Are you okay? Are you okay?


Are sweetheart one one now? So that little girl unfortunately suffered a punctured lung, a traumatic brain injury, broken bones and permanent disability, including learning deficits, hearing loss, and her injuries are still uncertain and sustained to this day. They have been in secret arbitration up until right now, and this is just one poor little girl's story at Urban Air. But unfortunately, it is very much not the only story like this. And today I wanted to tell you a story about urban air because urban air is a very small piece of a very big picture, and it starts with a man named Michael Browning.


Michael Browning is the son of, let's just say, a very wealthy man, also named Michael Browning, who is famous in the Indianapolis real estate development scene, and the founder and chief partner of Browning. But his son, you know, Michael Browning Jr. Grows up in this lifestyle and wants to, you know, be like Dad, I presume, and be a big a big shot. And so after founding a couple companies in 2011, he found this company called Urban Air, and it's an adventure park, right? And he's growing urban air adventure parks, you know, with the goal of being a big shot like his dad, I would presume.


He eventually in 2018 gets a whole bunch of Private Equity funding and expands his business rapidly all around the United States from 45 parks at the time, up well over a hundred. They initially got investment from Ross Perot's Private Equity firm, MPK partners, and they took them from just a small business in the Indianapolis area to a nationwide chain. And they started franchising. Franchising allowed Michael Brownie Jr to expand this business out and allow other people to buy into his franchise and to have urban airs opening all around the country.


And to have those businesses opened by local people that wanted to change their lives and their community by starting a business and buying into the urban air franchise. This is the story of franchising and it is the bedrock of the American economy in a lot of ways because it's a found fundamental way that people start a business and not only change their own lives and their family's lives, but also elevate their community. Franchising unfortunately has taken a pretty dark turn in the last 10 years, and we are gonna come back to that theme over and over and over again throughout this story because as urban air expanded, lawsuits started to flood in because of the way that things were being done.


And Michael Browning has had some choice words that are posted on his website to say about those lawsuits, but as we dig this story open, you'll see that Michael Browning's words are, well, I'll just read them for you, quote. This is not a franchise where I'm sitting back at my desk in some ivory tower and collecting royalties and teaching you a theory. I'm in the trenches experiencing what the franchisees are experiencing. That is huge for our core and our motto. Right on Michael, good to know. It's also good to know that, let's just say we have documentation that seems to imply that that Sky Rider attraction, that Zipline type of thing that that poor girl fell off of that was not originally created by urban air.


And there's documentation that seems to imply that in fact, Michael Browning Jr, shall we say, filed patents after signing a confidentiality agreement with the original company that founded it Leap of Faith Adventures. If you search the internet for Leap of Faith adventures today, you'll find just about nothing because leap of Faith adventures no longer exists. And that's another dig for another time. But let's just say that the emails correspondences and documentation that we have kind of implies what might have happened to leap of faith adventures. Because when you're founding a national chain of adventure parks, you need all kinds of cool rides and attractions and stuff for the kids to do like rock walls and zip lines and crazy trampoline spin around tumblers and stuff like that.


And it sounds pretty dangerous because it can be, right? And when you take your kid out to a park like that, you're expecting them to be providing the safety so that your kids can have a fun, safe time out. Once Michael Browning Jr had expanded his empire of trampoline and adventure parks all around the nation, he realized that he was onto something and he could expand and do even more. So following a trend that is rampant in Private Equity right now. In 2021, Browning decided to scale up following a hot new trend in Private Equity that gets referred to as platforms where they will buy up different companies that are in the same niche, in the same sector, so that If you wanted to fix up your house, they've got AC people, they've got cleaning people, they've got painting people.


This is just one example, but it happens in all sorts of different areas of our economy. And Michael Browning Jr. Decided that he was gonna take on the niche that was all things children, why not apply the Private Equity playbook of cutting costs, streamlining businesses and maximizing profits to all businesses children. So that's what he did. And he bought up a number of businesses in rapid succession with backing from his Private Equity buddies, including Sylvan Learning Center's, water Wink, snap, biology, XP League, class 1 0 1, premier Martial Arts and the Little Gym. But among all brands, it has 1200 locations across the country and serves 25 million children a year.


It generates 1.1 billion in annual revenue. Michael Browning Jr. Seems to be doing pretty good, but problems started to arise as they acquired each of these companies and they didn't start with the Little Gym, but our story starts at The Little Gym today, founded originally by Robin West and Robin McCoy. And I just wanna show you their faces 'cause I get the feeling we'll come back to them in the future. But the story really comes to a head when Tiffany si enters the picture and Tiffany Si bought into this franchise as a mom that was doing other business and wanted to spend more time with her kids around 2017. And so she thought that buying one of these franchises would be a great service to her community and a great way to spend more time with her kids because her kids could attend the Little gym.


And if you've not been to the Little Gym, it's a space for children of all types, but particularly targeted children that have special types of needs, whether that be auditory, sensory learning, cognitive whatever. It's a gym for all types of children to do gymnastics and learn through physical movement. And Tiffany Ancy really found her passion there. We're gonna be drawing from news reporting and articles that have reported on Tiffany's story over the last three years as it has gotten crazy. And just recently it's gone to a whole new level as cases against Urban Air and the parent company Unleashed Brands have moved from secret arbitration into public court as well as at since Tiffany Ancy and several other insiders have decided that enough is enough and it's time to come clean.


Ancy started back in 2017 and all was Gravy. It was a wonderful time and a wonderful business for her to run and she was very successful at it. But then right around the buyout with Unleashed Brands corporate came down to her and said, Hey, we have this new advising partner and they're gonna help us with this new stuff. And and they were presented as though they were just going to advise them. Slowly, little by little it became apparent to SI and the rest of the staff that this was not an advisor, this was a buyout, and the buyout was Unleashed Brands and the advisor they were speaking to was Michael Browning, Jr. Himself. Suffice to say that SI and many of the other franchise owners were uncomfortable with the various changes that were being made, the types of changes that would separate the people running these gyms from their clients.


Things like call centers where when a parent calls with a concern about their child, they get a person in a call center halfway across the country instead of the actual teachers that work with their child every day. You could see how that could be a little bit of an issue when you're dealing with special needs kids doing gymnastics, but that's not really how Private Equity plays. So si organized for fellow franchise owners into an association sort of like a union to push back against the changes and to stand up for the franchisee rights. Just to clarify, a franchisee is the person that founded the small business, the owner of the franchise, the franchisor is the big boys, the corporates, Michael Browning Jr. In this case over the next three years and to this day, Unleashed Brands took Tiffany Si through Legal.


Can I say Hell yeah, you can say hell Cool. Over the next three years, Unleashed Brands took Tiffany Sii through legal hell, dragging her into hundreds of thousands of debt through untold emotional and financial hardships through the most insane journey of just outright unethical, unlawful lawfare. This is not unique to Tiffany or unique to Unleashed Brands or unique to the Little Gym. Franchises are all across America and they are all kinds of businesses that support a huge sector of our economy and franchises in particular are in the crosshairs of Private Equity today because they can be so incredibly profitable for reasons that we will go into.


Suffice it to say, when you are outsourcing so much of your business cost debt and the actual running of your day-to-day business to individual people, to families and small business owners, you can offload a lot of risk and a lot of the hardship and just suck all the money up to the top. Tiffany has been in arbitration, which is a secret court system where all the rules work differently, all the judges work differently, everything is for profit and everything is secret by definition. She's been in arbitration for the last three years and we have now got information through her and others that there are many, many other people.


We're talking hundreds of other people in arbitration just with Unleashed Brands, let alone with other Private Equity and other corporations around the world. The big picture problem with this whole story is not just that Private Equity is buying up and taking advantage of small businesses, not just that Private Equity is applying the Private Equity playbook to these businesses that are focused on kids mind you, but that those practices that Private Equity uses are inherently counter to safety. Tiffany gave this quote to the New York Times that might be okay when you're cleaning a dryer vent, but it's not when you're throwing around a four month old and you need them to be safe.


Miss Ancy said he was moving faster than we would need to get to know the business, referring to the changes happening at the Little Gym. And the key word there is safe. And as the clip that we open, the segment shows safety is obviously not the first thing on the mind of Unleashed Brands and of Urban Air, but that is just one video and there are many other videos from Urban Air. Again, we are going to blur out the most sensitive parts of these videos, but we just wanted to get you a sense of what you can find just on YouTube If you go searching for this type of stuff. Florida family is suing after their son fell from a zip line at an amusement park or word of warning.


The video may be disturbing to some viewers now you can see the 10-year-old come around the corner and then fall 20 feet from the zip line. The accident happened in September at Urban Air Trampoline and Adventure Park in Lakeland. An investigation by the Florida Department of Agriculture found the Bo Harness was not properly secured at the time of the incident. Urban Air says the employees involved in the incident don't work there anymore and others have been retrained. So there's examples of kids falling, but there's also examples of adults and parents getting hurt. In the next video. A mom almost died in front of her own daughter at their birthday party. The Video is shocking, Evelyn, a mom is hanging by her neck helpless as she finds herself trapped on an indoor zip line.


Time is running out, she's in real danger of choking to death and happened after she says the harness apparently came loose and slipped around her neck. It seemed as if they put the harness incorrectly. Instead of strapping it under my arms, it seemed as if they strapped it up here. She suffered rope burns and bruises around her neck. Evelyn Rapier is now suing the park alleging negligence and improper maintenance of the ride. And so when things like this happen, the park gets sued, which is owned by a small business owner, but they're just trying to comply with corporate. Corporate on lease brands pushes all responsibility down onto the park and anything else that they can't wash away gets filed away into secret arbitration.


And you agree to secret arbitration when you sign your kid in at the park, when you sign those waivers. 'cause If you didn't know almost every waiver you sign these days, whether you're going to the rock climbing gym or you're signing up for some swimming lesson or you're just buying a washing machine, almost all of those waivers include what's called an arbitration agreement. And that is where you agree to waive your rights to court and instead agree to settle in arbitration, which is essentially secret court where the judges are all for sale. We're gonna get into arbitration way more in coming episodes, but suffice to say that it's a great way to cover up all sorts of nefarious stuff If you don't want the public to know.


You might have noticed too that the woman in that video made purposeful note that the harness didn't seem to be put on correctly. And that's because these rides are not staffed correctly because a urban air hires children under the age of 18, 16 and 17 year olds and you would think that you'd need a couple of them to staff these rides. But there's documentation that seems to show that quote Michael discussed reducing the number of attendance from two to one on the Sky attraction stating that eliminating an employee from an attraction can save a park $10,000 per year. That very same weekend in Tuke, the Sky Rider Attraction had one employee working when a major accident occurred.


In Lofas opinion, the short-term cost segment mentality is a major concern. You might notice LOFA is leap of faith adventures. The company that I had mentioned had originally designed this ride. The company that I had mentioned, it appeared that maybe Unleashed Brands and Michael Browning Jr. Might have done something nefarious to take that patent and that attraction from Leap of Faith adventures and now Leap of Faith adventures is unfortunately no more. But this document as well as several others that we have are actually from We Leap of Faith Adventures took them to court because they were not okay with what was being done with their rides, the ways they were being set up, the ways they were being run, and they made specific claims about what was going on.


That's not to mention that there's evidence that seems to suggest both human testimony as well as email testimony that Unleashed Brands was flying in Chinese nationals to put together their adventure parks because it was cheaper than paying American labor. You know, doesn't really strike me as the kind of thing that's safe when you're putting together all sorts of rides and dangerous equipment that children are gonna be playing on. But it is cheaper, I'll give them that. So what Tiffany Si and all of the other franchisees at the Little Gym have been through has been horrendous.


It has been a multi-year process of intimidation and of coercion and of very complicated changes to their businesses that do not benefit them or their children. At least that's how they see it. But there's a darker and deeper side of the story and that's when you start to realize that Private Equity is a team, it's a club and they're all friends together and none of them really want the boat to be rocked. And so when Tiffany started rocking the boat, when Tiffany stood up to these people and organized with her other franchisees and then when she wouldn't go away and be silenced, they decided that they were gonna make an example out of her.


And they have done a number of things over the years, things that are almost unspeakable and we don't have time to speak of all of them because there are so many. But perhaps the most unspeakable, or at least the most inhumane that was done to Tiffany was captured in court during one of her depositions. And I'm gonna let her speak for herself, but I do want you to know that this is gonna be hard to watch, especially if you're a mother. But this is what happened to Tiffany. Si Might also say that there are very likely instances of significant emotional distress related to somebody trying to expedite me having an abortion the day I lost my daughter.


Are you seeking that here in this case? I would say yes. And again, are you talking to the recent miscarriage where the parties worked with you to to reschedule your deposition? Worked with me. You tried to depose me in labor, you tried to depose me while I was in bed bleeding. I had contractions two minutes apart. So no, I would not say you worked with me. I would say it was vulgar and inhuman. I was copied on the emails where you asked that I be compelled. I was copied on the email where you asked that I make sure that I had the fastest abortion possible when my doctor's note said that I was Catholic and meeting with my priest to avoid it.


I was certainly copied when you said you Ms. Six Killer said that you thought that me bleeding baseball sized, baseball sized blood clots and having contractions two minutes apart wouldn't be too stressful for me in that state. And you thought I should be deposed for 18 hours. This is two weeks later and I am still having contractions and I'm sitting here so that I don't have to see you again. So yes, I would say I was copied and it was harmful. I would've moved the hearing date out further to further accommodate you. So I apologize. No, I apologize. We didn't get that opportunity. No, that's not true. That is not true. You found out I lost my baby within 30 minutes of getting the note, 30 minutes of getting the note you said you wanted me produced for deposition in labor pre-surgery, I'm gonna move To strike.


And then you said that you wanted him to order me to have the fastest available procedure in the state of Maryland. And if you'd been in court, you would've been referred for disciplinary action. But we're in arbitration. So here we are, Miss cia. And yes, it was a damage emotionally to me and I think I'm pretty sure you're a mom. It would've been emotionally damaging to you. So that's where we wound up all because Michael Browning Jr. Wanted to be a big boy like his daddy and run a giant empire of children's focused franchises. And when those franchises spoke up and said that this is not how you run a toddler or gym, this is not how you run a martial arts academy, they stomped down.


The problem was they stomped down on the wrong woman and Tiffany Ancy would not give up and would not die. And she is still fighting to this day. And by the way, those email chains that she mentioned, yeah, we got 'em and they're all right there. And yes, they do clearly say exactly what Tiffany was alleging on that stand in that deposition. And a running theme throughout this whole thing will be that when you're in arbitration, let's just say there's not really consequences for lying as long as you're on the team of the big boys, there's not really consequences for your lawyers not following the law, for the judges not following the law because it's all a system for profit and it's all being paid for.


And one team has millions and millions and millions of dollars to throw out the lawsuit and the other team team is guaranteed to go hundreds of thousands of dollars into debt until they can't fight anymore and are forced to give up and give in. But Tiffany took to TikTok a few years ago and I found her story way back then early on, and she has been fighting ever since and she's fought all alone for much of it. But eventually she grew a little bit of support and a little bit more and a little bit more. And she's won enough of her cases including a defamation suit by now that now there's all of this new documentation coming out. Almost everything that we've shown today has never been out before. And there is way more where that came from.


And there are way more people involved in this thing ready to talk about it because this goes not just all across Unleashed Brands and throughout many of their businesses, but this goes well beyond Unleashed Brands out into the entire Private Equity world because when you give billionaire businesses like these Private Equity monsters, sort of a free reign to stomp all over the little guy, you better believe they're gonna take that opportunity and run all the way to the bank with it. And they've been running to the bank with it for so long that let's just say the little guys have had enough. So that is where Tiffany stands today. She is currently in court and there's a lot more to talk about as far as what's going on there, but we just heard just recently that one of these secret arbitrations because all of these cases of children getting hurt, falling off of rides at the adventure park, as well as Tiffany's entire case in secret arbitration about her toddler, Jim, all of it's in secret.


And so none of them could speak up until just recently. And so all these guys, the team over at Unleashed Brands, Michael Brownie, Sr, who is not just Daddy, he's on some of those filings. Norman Leon, Michael Brownie, Jr. Laura, six Killer, Steven Pola, all these guys that are written on all these forms that are involved in all these depositions that are on these cases, they're gonna come back up and we're just gonna look at what they did and what they're doing and see why would you do that? Because ultimately you should stay away from our toddlers and you should stay away from our little gyms. And we want our kids to grow up in a place where they can be treated like children and not like numbers for profit.


So that's the start of that story for now. That's all we got for today.


Before we get to an update about Candace and the hospital and how it all went with Baby Roman, I want to tell you about our first sponsor, GNO Land. If you are into the world of computer programming, you need to check out my friends at GNO Land. Gno is a distributed multi-user virtual computer implemented on top of the blockchain so that every operation occurs in a predestined way. User program code and memory states are made tamper-proof by the use of Merkel trees and consensus-based verification all provided by the underlying blockchain storage layer itself. Distributed GNO unifies the concepts in a single concept, the realm. Each realm is like an always active process running forever. For example, as a web server in a regular system, a live process is defined by its PID, its memory and the set of system resources it uses at a given time. Similarly, in a GNO, a realm is defined by its identity and its global memory state, which may contain for example, the amount of coins it detains. The realm is decentralized and put back in control of the developer. The operating system itself becomes transparent Realm processes are both resource users and providers with full control and accountability. Learn more at gno, do land, that's gno.land today.


What if I told you that you could cut your cell phone bill in half and support a US company who shares your values? Values like supporting our local veterans and creating American jobs? What if I told you that you don't have to sacrifice coverage because you'll be on America's most Dependable 5G network? I'm talking about the only wireless company that Candace endorses Pure Talk, a wireless company that is veteran led and invests in a US customer service team so that you have the best support possible. If you're with Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, join the hundreds of thousands who have successfully cut their cell phone bill in half. That's right. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure Talk switch in as little as 10 minutes when you go to Pure Talk dot com slash Owens with plans starting at just 25 bucks a month, what are you waiting for? Go to Pure Talk dot com slash owens and make the switch to Pure Talk wireless by Americans for Americans.


So a brief update from the hospital. Candace gave birth to a beautiful healthy baby boy. Roman could not be happier for her. We're all feeling so good. She is doing well. I just talked to her earlier. Baby Roman is doing great and they are back from the hospital. But there was a funny incident after the hospital because Candace naturally, after she had a healthy baby and she was feeling great, she left before the recommended 48 hour holding time. Not sure why they need you to stay there for 48 hours and take all their little medicines and get all their ointments that they prescribe. Obviously she did not give Baby Roman All these, you know, shots like hepatitis B, vitamin K is that all these things, department of Child Services shows up at her house doing a more or less a wellness visit, asking her all sorts of questions.


Why did you leave the hospital early? And she wanted to clarify when she was communicating the story to us that the person that visited was perfectly nice and just doing their job, but they were doing the job of going out and more or less pressuring mothers into you should have getting these things and you've, why are you leaving? And it just is a part of this whole pharmaceutical medical complex cartel of pressuring people into getting the drugs, getting the shots, getting the vaccines. And Candace obviously being based was like, no thanks, bye. I'm doing great. Go away. So Candace will be back at some point to give us updates to tell us how she's doing. She'll jump into the show from time to time while she's on leave, but she's doing awesome and she says hi to all of you.


So next onto the Diddy trial. Yesterday the Diddy trial got underway to a slightly late start. The jury got sworn in. Opening statements were read, funny anecdote where the prosecution struck seven black jurors and the defense was trying to call them racist and it became this whole thing. Ultimately the judge sustained their motion to strike those jurors. You know, I'm not trying to make a comment on that, I just thought it was funny the way that it got reported on. But then it turned out that victim three unknown, we don't know who it is, but victim three apparently is missing. Just a few weeks ago, victim three came forward or didn't, didn't come forward, but said that they were willing to testify in the trial.


And though we don't know who it is, it's obviously was important to the the case because they were gonna put victim three on the stand. And then just before this all came together and before did took the stand. Victim three apparently was out of communication and we do not know where they are. My thought immediately went to the girl, Allie, that is sharing all the salacious stuff. I went and looked her up and she's still posting on TikTok is not her. So I don't know what to make of it. I don't know who victim three is. I'm sure we can all come up with some crazy conspiracy theories about what's going on there. Diddy's side is hoping for a mistrial just because they don't have one of their witnesses. That is extremely unlikely, but it is possibly gonna cause some delays and it might actually impact the ability to prosecute Diddy.


I presume that Diddy is pulling out all the stops, as we've heard, reportings of private investigators looking into people and people being pressured or influenced by his family members and just all sorts of shady, shady, shady, shady, shady. And it's Diddy. So what did you expect? It's also worth noting that Maureen Comey, the daughter of James Comey is on the prosecution team. She also recently served as the lead prosecutor for Ghislaine Maxwell. So it's, it's just a funny small club of people up here. And ultimately that's, that's what I really want to talk about here is that as you might expect, nothing really seems like it's gonna come out of this. And that's because this is not the case that we were all hoping for them to try. We got on this case, I mean if you've been really following it since Cassie and before, yeah, there's a lot going on here.


But when the little rod lawsuit dropped and most of us kind of caught wind of Diddy and what was going on, the case was that little Rod's lawsuit seemed to imply and allege that this was a sexual blackmail operation and that all of Diddy's homes were wired up with secret cameras recording everything that happened. And that Lucy and Grange and Universal Music Group were named in that lawsuit originally, except then they mysteriously disappeared off the lawsuit. No answers as to why that was. The lawyer for Little Rod that took them off saying that there was no evidence that they were involved. I'm sure that it was just a big mistake that they got named in the first place.


Despite the fact that in the evidence, in the testimony, or in the allegations in it like documented, it clearly says that Lucian Grange was at the parties that Lucian Grange had every reason to know what was happening at the parties. That he had private visits with Diddy in the evenings at his home where they disappear into his room for extended periods of time. But you know, when you're the big boy at the top, you don't get looked into, you don't take the stand, you don't get the dirt on you. And when I was talking to the team earlier, they made me aware that I did not even know that there's a whole backstory on Lucian Grange and his big daddy and oh boy, is that another dig for another day.


But I just wanted to point out that the more the Diddy trials progressed, the more they seemed to depart from what was actually really being shown and suspicious in the first place, which was what seemed to be a trafficking ring with what seemed to be blackmail involved with what absolutely for sure was this, shall we say, the ex-head of security of Michael Jackson somehow becoming the head of security for a trafficking operation, a blackmail ring for drugs, for whatever he is doing for Diddy. Everything about this operation stink. Not to mention the property he had on the border of Mexico. So I'm not too optimistic about what's gonna come out of the Diddy trial itself, but I am hoping that we'll at least see some dirt thrown on some other celebrities, some cracks open up in other parts of the industry that hopefully will, let's just say tip over a few dominoes because there's a lot of dominoes ready to fall.


And it's worth noting too that it's not just the little rod lawsuit that has made these allegations. These allegations are widespread in the industry, both from people that have worked alongside Diddy in the music world as well as from bodyguards, like Gene deal. Most of those girls, especially if they like mixed drinks, you understand, they see the bottles when they open them and they trying to keep they eyes on because they don't want to get no kind of drugs put in their system. But what they don't understand is in the orange juice and it's in the cranberry juice, they done put the pills and the stuff in there, the roofies, the ecstasy, the ease, all whatever they, they put it in the juice.


Yeah, but they don't put it in the baby oil. Don't you worry about it. So that's the Diddy story for now,


you're gonna think I'm describing weight loss injections, but I'm not. These remarkable weights came from a doctor formulated weight loss supplement called Lean Patty. S said, I've finally found a weight loss product that works. I wanted to lose 20 pounds and lean really curves my appetite. Lori m wrote, I struggled to get weight off and lean has been lifesaver. I've been losing a couple pounds a week or more. And Kelly f said, amazing. I immediately noticed an energy boost and a healthy weight loss and weight. I would promote this product to anyone. Lean was created by a doctor and university researcher to target the goals of GLP ones. But without the injections, the studied ingredients in lean have been shown to lower blood sugar, radically reduce appetite and burn fat by converting it into energy. If you're struggling to lose weight and a healthy diet and exercise isn't enough, lean is for you. Get started with 20% off. Just use code Candace twenty@takeleann.com. That's code Candace twenty@takelean.com. Again, take lean.com. Results vary. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and is not a substitute for care from a healthcare provider.


Donald Trump is coming out hot after Big Pharma and he is, you know, had some rhetoric and he is had some stuff to say about pricing for a while, but he just recently dropped a new executive order that, as far as I can tell is like a silver bullet against Big Pharma that is going to take away a huge amount of their revenue stream as well as kneecap an entire shadow industry that is the PBMs that just siphons money out from in between as a middleman in the pharma world. It is now on the White House website officially today's executive order. And If you read in section five, it details specifically what it calls most favored nation price targets.


And this is something that Trump has referenced before, but it has never really gotten, he never was able to get it through. And there you can see at the bottom of the first paragraph, communicate most favored nation price targets to pharmaceutical manufacturers to bring prices for American patients in line with comparably developed nations. Now, when Trump put out a true social post about this just the other day, he said, we're gonna bring the prices down to the lowest of any nation. There is, meaning that if in Zimbabwe they're paying a dollar per pill, then in America we pay only a dollar per pill, whatever the lowest price around the world is. That language has been modified a little bit so that in the actual executive order now Americans are mandated apparently to we get to pay whatever the lowest price of any other developed nation, which is awesome because right now we're getting thrifted so hard right now.


Americans are paying more than just about any other nation in the world, often by multiples of two five or even 10 x what other countries are paying for the exact same products. Also in section four, he seems to enable direct to consumer sales from the pharmaceutical manufacturers at the most favored nation price. Which is really interesting because I, I mean, let's just say I've never been there, I'm no pharmaceutical expert, but from what I'm reading there, that seems to be very much a death blow to a vast portion of pharma's profits. And I mean, I don't know what to make of that other than extreme optimists.


'cause that's not all. He also is going after the PBMs, the pharmacy benefit managers. He ordered RFFK to facilitate programs for pharma manufacturers to sell direct consumers at the best nation price. If you're not familiar, these PBMs, pharmacy benefit managers, they're companies that manage prescription drug benefits and health insurers and employers and they, they just kind of like middleman in between the whole system. And they just take a huge cut out from the middle. Like an insanely huge cut. PBMs are over a trillion dollars a year in combined revenue according to an FTC report, I think from last year, maybe from 2023.


So I mean a lot's going on here and I'm sure that a lot of people far smarter than me will have all kinds of takes, but I'd be surprised if anyone has any take that is not positive because, I mean, we all love Big Pharma, right? So anyways, speaking of drugs, again, a couple of the big boys got caught allegedly with a little baggie of drugs. But is that really the story that's going on here? I'm sure you've seen by now if, I mean, If you have an X account, you've definitely seen, and If you don't have an X account, you've still probably seen macro crone just squirreling away the little bag of whiteness on his table and all that stuff that's been taken over the internet and everyone's making funny memes and AI videos of them dancing and whatever else.


And yeah, he grabs his little bag and sleuths it away. But like, let's just, let's just pump the brakes for a second here, guys. It it, it might be a tissue like it, it really might be a tissue and like maybe it's a bag of drugs, like a really big bag of drugs. Like just so, like that's a lot of drugs and just on the like, maybe, but regardless, even if it's a bag of drugs or it's a tissue, you can argue about that all day long and yeah, it's a funny scandal, whatever. But that's Emmanuel Macron. And If you don't recall, he's married to a dude and in case you're not up to date on the story and all the other implications of that story, there's a whole series that Candace Owens made on this very YouTube channel that you could watch yourself and you might learn all about how Emmanuel Macron married his much, much, much older teacher that was not always a woman and might have even possibly one day been in his very same family.


That seems a lot more scandalous than world leaders doing cocaine, which I'm sure they probably all do and they might even all do right before the media comes into the room to do interviews with them. We've all seen the images or the videos of Zelensky and Arder just going, going all sniffly sniffly. We've seen it and it's, I'm sure it's happening, but ultimately the scandal is that he's married to a dude and that that implies all sorts of other things that we want answers to. So yeah, that's the story about the drugs. It's fun, but let's be real.


It's kind of feels like a distraction. Guys. Let's keep our eyes on the bigger prize like the Illuminati controlling the world through a crazy cult. I'm sorry. I'm kidding. I'm kidding, I'm kidding. Anyways, that's about it for our episode today. I think that about wraps us up. I really appreciate you guys coming to hang out. I really appreciate the whole team bringing me in and welcoming me to the studio. I cannot wait to learn from them, to learn from all the crazy rabbit holes that they've been down and to share them all with you. If you haven't already remembered, please like the video, share the video, subscribe to the channel, and I'll make sure that Candace comes and pops in to say hi before too long here.


But for now, have a great night and we'll see you tomorrow.