
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


Alright you guys, I'm back. Don't even front you missed me. You missed me. I missed you. It was a long time for us, even though I kept popping back because I had to, 'cause there's so much news happening. I just wanna say at the top of this, I'm sorry, JIT Macron, I really feel like I would have been so much nicer in my delivery had I not been pregnant about your penis. And that was just things got out of hand. And I hope that, you know, when I do series two that I'm a little bit warmer and kinder 'cause I'm no longer too pregnant for this. Anyways, you guys, so much happening. Apparently I'm back in time for World War iii and I hate to say that we told you so. By we, I mean me and Ian Carol, who is joining me to discuss everything. So Welcome back to Candace.


I meant that from the bottom of my heart. Jit, I'm sorry, I'm real sorry, Ian. I mean it's, it's incredible. You should go back and watch our first episode together because we discussed so many topics. We obviously have been discussing Israel, the propaganda that's happening and it's it looking like we may be going to war. Yeah. Which either I had a crystal ball, you had a crystal ball could see into the future, or this has been the most obvious and the most planned war in the case and We're not the only one. A lot of people saw it coming. Like it was clearly the agenda. Why? But that's not the only thing that we talked about in that first episode. We also talked about Elon Musk that blew up. I have an update. An update by the way. That's another thing. I missed the war between Elon Musk and Trump.


There's some things that you guys should know and I'm probably gonna have my account banned for discussing it. But it's totally fine because I'm comfortable when I'm being banned and dismissed and in trouble and have people delivering legal letters at my front door. Okay? So I wanna start this episode by a clip that I wanted to respond to. And I think really it has become an analogy for where we are at right now in America. In case you guys miss this. Dave Portnoy. I know I have a lot of people that watch this internationally. Dave Portnoy's, essentially this guy who runs Barstool Sports, which when I was in college, they used to pick like a hot college girl of the month and you'd be the Barstool sports girl, whatever it is. You know, kind of a little trashy, a lot of trashy. And Dave Portnoy just kind of lost the plot recently.


And I want you, in case you're this Monday morning thinking, I hate my employer. I can't believe I have to go to work. Your employer could be Dave Portnoy. Okay? This is a real clip and I'll tee this up for you. They're speaking about a literal joke somebody wrote to Dave Portnoy on Twitter, called him like Rabbi Portnoy, I think it was. And this is how Dave Portnoy decided to respond to his colleague saying, I think jokes should be allowed. Take a listen. I think Rabbi Portnoy was a joke. You just don't get it Kirk. You just don't get it. How many of these jokes I get 'em all day. And they all sound like Mick. So how many of these jokes not funny while people are getting murdered in the streets?


Okay, well you made a, a joke about people wearing jeans and getting raped and then people were raped after that. That is So I wouldn't blame blame you for that Kirk. That's insane to make that cop Kirk, that comparison. You doing that? No, it isn't. It's Kirk. It is. If you don't see the comparison, Kirk, it's a Mick. Do you think, do you think Mick making that choke is compar is why some guy went to a kindergarten. It's all the fact that he thinks he can say that. It's not just him, it's everybody. And he's a troll. Kirk, If you just want me to kick him out, not mention it, not care that this kid anti not at all. Shut up at, If you just want me to ignore it, don't tell me, don't tell me to shut up. Don't tell me to shut the fuck up. You bawled. Okay, go ahead. How's that? Oh, it's kill. I'll never recover from that.


Dave, go ahead. Continue. I'll never recover. Well, you are the one who like, oh, big boss man. Don't tell. I'll tell you. Work for me. Okay, go ahead. Continue little bitch. You work for me. Sure. You bet. For now. Oh, don't continue. You don't for now quit. I don't care. I'll 500 grand Is is this show or not a show? Like is a show or not a show? Like we can't have a conversation? You, you, you are an idiot. Okay. You, you are literally saying people should be allowed to make two jokes. Say whatever they want. Right? For now. That's anything. You should be allowed to make jokes. So how many mother Jews have to be killed before you stop? Wow. How many can this? Just how many? 101. Before he stopped telling jokes About six.


I mean, I Mean just like, this is insane. I, I saw this clip and I just could not believe First and foremost I just have to say any person speaking to someone that works for him. He just went like for like slave master there. Yeah. I mean it was like whatever is in him that is not someone that you should work for. I Mean, and not in private too. That was like a public podcast. Yeah. Like that he knew that was public And his logic here. Ian, I can slow this down for you 'cause I don't think that you, you perhaps Yeah, Please do. It's, this logic is so impenetrable. What he's saying is that If you make too many jokes, like If you call him, I don't know, rabbi day too many times, then there will be death. And so what do you think about that jokes? Oh, well then we should probably ban free speech.


That's where we're going and protect Jews from the dangerous jokes. Yeah, because I, I mean I grew up in the nineties where we were all making fun of each other. And so to see us kind of suddenly in this environment where he's seriously saying this and I do wanna say to his employee, he humiliated you. I mean you, you have to at some point have some respect for yourself, a shred of respect for yourself and a paycheck cannot be worth it. And that is that moment it's humiliating. You could try to turn into a joke. He didn't apologize for it. But the reason why I wanted to start with this clip, because I really do think we have seen this over the last couple of years leading up to this very planned war with Iran. What happened first was a very obvious infiltration of a propaganda war where they just started accusing everyone of antisemitism.


Right? I was a victim of this first of course shout out to Kanye West, went down first over a tweet and then very quickly we ended up at Rachel. Miss Rachel is the anti-Semitic. And I would think what they were doing was they were kind of priming the environment for nobody can question anything a Jewish person says or does or, or you know, Israel would cease to exist, whatever it is. Because they didn't want us to, to prod this narrative of us needing to come to Israel's aid yet again. And they also, they elaborated on that narrative with people like you and me and Tucker and lots of other like pundits, people that are commenting on the news, they elaborate on the narrative.


So it's not just that you're antisemitic or you hate Jews, but you're actually funded by Arab nations. You're funded by terrorists and Qatar so that hopefully their constituents wouldn't even listen because the moment you start listening to what they're saying and you listen to the propaganda that they're spewing, it just does not make any sense. It does not add up. Like we should be censoring Jew jokes in America. Like just calling somebody a rabbi. I mean, not the first amendment. I hope your skin is thick enough. What is he like fifties? He's in his fifties, right? Yeah. He's like 54 years old Business owner. Like log Off of X. Are you kidding me? Like if somebody makes a joke about me being black and I come apart and I think I now have the ability to like scream at an employee. I own you. You work for me. If you work for me, that's not doing too good for the stereotypes.


We're not disproving any stereotypes there. Yeah. By throwing a contract in his face, you know, and saying, well guess what? I win because I own you and look at the contract. Like that's maybe kind of what Kanye was saying about the inability to express yourself. Anyways, I wanted to point that out. And there's so much to so much that we have to discuss with this very planned war and the propaganda that is coming up right now. But there is no question that the American sentiment on this war is no. Like they have. Oh yeah. I actually think the propaganda, because they did it for so long and they took out so many people back. Like you went after Miss Rachel, it backfired and now people have Israel fatigue. And by the way, for international, for the international viewers of the show who don't know who Miss Rachel is Skylar, we have a clip of her, right?


This is who this, and I'll show you why. She's like considered an antisemite and they want her investigated by the DOJ. Take a listen to Miss Rachel in her terrible, terrible form of antisemitism. This is Miss Rachel hanging out with her new friend. Rah Ms. Rachel is like YouTube's Mr. Rogers with millions of subscribers and billions of views. Can you nod? Yes. And Rah H is a three-year-old double amputee from Gaza. She lost her legs when her home was bombed and months later was medically evacuated to the us. Miss Rachel saw a video of a little girl now living with her mom and a host family in Missouri watching her show.


She's just so precious hopping like a penny. And you know, she was kind of hopping on the couch And arrange to have Rahho come visit her in New York. Yeah. That's pretty hateful, honestly. Yeah. Yeah. That's, we should probably deport her. That's what's coming. They wanna DOJ to investigate her. Yeah, you guessed it. Why? Because they think she's being funded by Qatar. No one could have a feeling about anything that is against the state or, or, or doesn't make Israel look good. Her not having legs, this poor child having legs doesn't make them look good. So what better way to deal with that than to say, cancel Ms. Rachel. I mean, Probably investigate the child too, honestly. Like has anyone investigated that child to see if the child is funded by a Qatar? Because that's some propaganda right there.


They went after Theo Vaughn, they went after Joe Rogan. They went after Darrell Cooper, a historian for introducing facts about World War II that are not disputable. And so it was just becoming very obvious that there was some sort of an infiltration that was happening. And they all knew what their marching orders were. Bibi Netanyahu wanted them to emotionally manipulate us to think that, oh my gosh, you cannot even question anything the state of Israel is doing because we're in this very precarious state and the Holocaust is around the corner and it's just, it's factually not true. And we have a right to discuss what our, what our nation is doing, what we are funding, who is being killed by this and whether or not this relationship with Israel serves us. Has it ever served us war in the Middle East?


Give me that time. We're war in the Middle East when they said it's gonna be peaceful after this. We're just gonna do one more regime flip. When did that work? Tell me the last time. And the craziest part is that they have not even changed the script from the Iraq war. It is the exact same script. They are weeks, months, just they're right around the corner from weapons of mass destruction, from nuclear weapons. Like BB was on the stand in US Congress in 2003 giving the exact same speech about Saddam Hussein in Iraq and about how we'll overthrow him and then this peace will sweep the region. He, he used some phrase like ripples of peace or something like, yeah, that's, you know, what, 20, 30 years later now and Right, he's been claiming this stuff about Iran for 30 years.


He's been claiming this stuff about the other nations you wanted to overthrow in the Middle East for 20 years. It's, it's not, they didn't have very much creativity with This one. No. And I think that's what it is, is it's, it's worked for them in the past. It obviously worked the best after nine 11. And so we weren't allowed to ask any questions about that narrative because we didn't have social media then. And so we did. We had this relationship where we assumed the media was telling us the truth. Yeah. But generation nine 11 has grown up. Okay. Like I remember where I was sitting when nine 11 happened. Yeah. What classroom I was in. We have seen the fruits of these wars and we are asking the question why it seems that the only country that benefits from all of this, and they openly say it these conflicts is Israel. They're, they're constantly are benefiting from these wars. They don't have the bodies to fight them. And they are going to draft American sons and daughters.


He's already giving that rhetoric that we must get involved. You know what, Skyler, could you pull the clip? I think I saw Alex Jones retweeted it, but it's BB net and Yahoo basically saying that if we don't get involved in this war, New York is going to be bonds next. Yeah. Yeah. Which sounds like a press. First is Tel Aviv and then it's New York. Yeah. Right. I, what is it? I, I understand America first, but I don't understand America dead. Oh Yeah, that's it. Yeah. So If you don't, wow, what Rhetoric Bro, don't do Israel first, then you will be America dead. Which is why I found this meme to be hilarious because we obviously know how this works with Israel. We have a long history in a relationship with Israel. Can you pull up that meme? That's so funny. Look at this. Who wants to do a false flag?


It says, and this is the question to drag us into war with Iran. You will A attack a US ship, C assassinate A US official B attack a US base, or D conduct terrorism on US soil. This went positively viral, which tells you Americans are awake. Okay, we get it. You don't get to keep doing this thing where like a president dies who's kind of against Israel, gets shot in the back of a car and then you lock down and say, oh, no questions. Or like, we catch Epstein blackmailing everyone and then you get to lock it all down and say no questions. We're gonna release the files but maybe never release the files. Like we know who's doing this stuff. Yeah, yeah. Do you know, I don't know.


And it's, and honestly like that meme, it went so viral, but it's missing option E, all of the above, which is what I'm concerned about. Because I mean, and it's like, oh my gosh, like I posted this on Twitter sort of, and people were like, you're so psychotic, you're so crazy. It's like Israel has done many false flags, exes, All IDF box, Many false flags, stick stone both on America and on themselves. Like, I mean the US has done false flags. This is very typical standard operating procedure Point. Yeah. Because there's no difference between the CIA and the Mossad is pretty much what we were all coming to the Stands and there's no consent for this war. Did you see Car Charlie Kirk's, a poll that he put out, like the day it all started, Charlie Kirk, who could not have an opinion before we found out if it was gonna be popular with his audience or not, because clearly like his buddies want him to say one thing, but like his young conserved audience might not dig it.


So he puts out a poll, should America get involved in the war with Iran? And it came back with almost with about half a million votes as 90%. No. Yeah. Nobody wants to be involved in this war. And so it's the most mainstream conservative. And so they do something dramatic. And by the way, If you wanted show this war was coming the number one indication, which is the hilarity. 'cause their propaganda is getting stupid. I don't know if they're just, you know, old and outta shape. We're all heading in that direction. But when Trump survived the assassination attempt and we see this scrawny white guy from Pennsylvania, Matthew Crooks who shot at Donald Trump, they then came out, this is real reality, right? The deep state came out and said that this attack was orchestrated by Iran.


That Iran was try, they had received intel just leading up to this, that Iran was gonna assassinate President Trump. Then he was, he was just the Republican nominee, or he was about to accept the Republican nominee. This is the most trick thing ever. I'm going, okay, so you want me to believe that this guy Matthew Crooks was what? Receiving what happened here? What Are we, we were Farsi and or like they, they Kurdish approached him and Yeah. Can We get a picture of Matthew Crooks? Yeah. Didn't look exactly to me. No. Like he could have had anything to do with Iran, but they went with this, they went with this, despite His phone getting traced to like interacting with FBI apparent devices. And I, you know, you mentioned how the deep state came out and told us it was Iran.


Bebe was a big part of that messaging. Bebe just happened to have a tour in the US scheduled the week after that assassination attempt. And his script was clearly already written to blame this assassin attempt that turned out to be an attempt to blame it on Iran. And so he just rolled with that script, even though it had already been debunked and people were already digging it all open and it was so transparent at the time. Yeah. And he, and he's, you know, we have to be very careful. Iran, Iran, Iran, Iran. And I'm going, guys, you're, you're too obvious. Like everything is just too obvious at this point and you've lost a crowd, right? So even this conversation that we're having, you couldn't have it two years ago. No, you could not have it two years ago. And so many people's eyes have been awakened because the deception has become that obvious.


Okay. I just wanna read an ad from one of our sponsors and then dive into how you think Trump is doing, responding to this, whether you think he knew that they were going to bomb Iran, and how is this going to impact his legacy Also, Skyler, If you could pull that clip, we may already have it of Tucker speaking to Steve Bannon and his take on it. Let's do that.


But first I wanna remind you guys about pre-born because you know this June 24th marks three years since Roe v. Wade was overturned. But here's what you may not know. Abortion numbers have surged to a 10 year high. The battleground has shifted from the courtroom to our homes today. Over 60% of abortions happen through the abortion pill, which is taken in silence. And often alone, PreBorn network of clinics are standing in the gap. They meet women in their most desperate hour. And here's what they're seeing. Young mothers terrified and misled are delivering their babies tiny, perfectly formed on two bathroom floors. These precious babies once called just tissue. Now lie lifeless, 11% of these women who take the abortion pill will suffer serious health complications. Countless others carry emotional scars for a lifetime. But If you give to PreBorn, you're not just going to save a baby, you're going to save a mother too. You're giving her hope, financial support, and also the truth. PreBorn is already rescued over 350, 50,000 babies, but there are so many more who need our help. Your tax deductible gift of $28 will double. The chance of a mother will choose choosing life. So donate now. Just go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, I'm always telling you about American Financing. Well, this is getting increasingly important. If we go to war, we all know credit card debt is crushing American families. And right now, summertime expenses are making it even worse. Vacations, gas, college tuition, it's all adding up and most people are covering it with credit cards charging 20 and even 30% interest. If you're a homeowner, you don't have to keep living like this. There is a better way. It's not wishful thinking. It's a smart strategic way that you can get your finances in order. And that's with American Financing. These are real people who look into your situation and they will show you how to use your home's. Equity to pay off at high interest credit card debt, one low payment, no upfront fees, no gimmicks. Just Anna's help from a salary based mortgage consultant. Their customers save an average of $800 a month. Imagine what you could be doing for your family with that money. If you start today, you may be able to delay your next two mortgage payments, giving you instant breathing room. So don't wait any longer. Call American Financing today. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing. Do net slash Owens.


Okay, Trump. He is. Oh, It's such a shame right now. Okay, Let, let's just recap. Why don't you recap his statement ish what BB net and Yahoo was saying and what the problem is here. So Before the whole war kicked off with, you know, the preemptive strike from Israel. Yeah. Just to be clear, they're either attacked or they attacked preemptively, but they're never wrong, right? No, they're definitely defending themselves and they clearly have the right to defend. When They defend. They're defending themselves, Themselves. Let's be clear. But we were in the process of having negotiations. Trump was, it was literally the day before peace talks and depl de proliferation agreements with Trump, where the US was going to meet with Iranians to talk about the nuclear program and talk about the tensions and talk about the whole war situation in the Middle East, and theoretically move towards peace of deescalation.


And Iran seemed to think that we were acting in good faith, and presumably Trump and our team seemed to think that they were acting in good faith. And then Israel launches this attack, this preemptive strike on Iran. And Trump comes out and like the US position is like, we had no idea. We knew nothing about it. Just like with, with the strike in Ukraine. We didn't know we had nothing to do with this. This was not us. Even though I have some questions there too. And then Israel just comes out and is like, actually, ha ha psych, the US was in on it and Trump was just tricking the Iran. Iran and they were like totally fooling Iran to just get them all into a state of like calm and not suspecting. And it's like, bro, what are you doing? Like a so if if Israel's lying and the US didn't know, and Israel just played this whole weird game on us that's so messed up.


That is beyond messed up also. 'cause we give them billions of dollars every year should Be condemned, they should be cut off. We're Cutting you off financially. But if they're telling the truth, that is also super messed up. The blowback of that in the future is completely unknown because next time, suppose it's nuclear Russia, or suppose it's nuclear North Korea that we're trying to negotiate with next time, how seriously are they gonna take our, our reaching out to want to deescalate something when this is what happened to Iran? Well, Here's what I will say. What makes me uncomfortable is the fact that Trump doesn't instantly just come out and say, Bebe's lying. If Bebe, you think he's so bold that he's going out there and he's saying Trump actually works for me. He lied. Right? He dangled the carrot for you said we were gonna talk while we were just setting up to blow up, you know, to, to blow up your facilities.


Exactly. And if Trump is saying, or if the signaling is that no, that's actually not true. Trump is quick with the tweet. You know, he's quick to come out and say, not this time. Not Yeah, exactly. And, And so his silence to me is very suspicious. But I do wanna show this clip of Tucker Carlson. Do you have that Skylar available? Okay, let's run Tucker Carlson discussing this. Take a listen. He's speaking with Steve Bannon. I actually really love Trump. He's a deeply humane kind person. And I am saying this because I I'm really afraid that my country's gonna be further weakened by this. I think we're gonna see the end of American empire. Obviously other nations would like to see that. And this is a perfect way to scuttle the USS America and the SHS of Iran.


But it's also going to end, I believe Trump's presidency and effectively end it. And, And so that's why I'm saying this. What Do you mean by that? That's, that's coming from you. That's, I Mean, you get, look, I knew Bush, I knew George W. Bush, you know, family connections to Bush. I knew Bush personally. I still see Bush sometimes. And you know, of course he, he hates me and he does because I criticized him on Iraq. And that war is the sum total from historical's perspective of his administration. But I knew him and he had all kinds of plans for the things that he wanted to do. But once domestically, domestically right. To improve the country. Right. And you may agree or disagree, but like in his mind, he wasn't just about the invasion of Iraq in March of 2000.


Oh, no, no. He was gonna redo Social security, had all hundred percent all types of, he was gonna take care of the entitlements issue And he really thought it was gonna work. Yep. And you could laugh at that or whatever. But the point is, the second you get enmeshed in a real war, not a fake, let's go bomb, the villagers declare success. But we don't even have a good track record. Why are the Houthis stole haven mean? There's a whole other question, which is how prepared is the US military for real conflict? And the answer is totally un scary, unprepared. I don't think people understand that. But anyway, the only reason I'm saying any of this is because I really, really care. So I trust Tucker beyond like, I mean more than any person in politics.


I trust, I I trust You mean you trust Chatsworth Kaaren. Oh, Chatsworth Kaaren. Woo. New nickname just dropped. Beware. Mark Lavin. We'll, coming to That for you, Tucker, he's got a nickname for you and you'll never survive it. It's really bad. I'm With you. Yeah. I mean, everyone's funded by Qatar who disagrees with me. Like of all the people you could pick the, the red-blooded Tucker Carls, I know I interesting, like the most like Christian American man ever. But you're right. But he's saying he's certain that Trump didn't know. I am certain. Okay, by the way people in the chat are saying no, Trump said he did know. And I forgot about that. His first, you, you can maybe look for this Skyler, but I think the first message he put out suggested that he knew on true social. It did. It did. And then he walked that back and said, we had no idea.


And If you come for us, we're gonna come for you. So there, like I said, there, there just seems to be a little bit of, I see both sides. Communication failure. I trust Tucker. Like Trump wouldn't wanna look. Would Trump tell Tucker if, or or would anybody, would they, would they be honest with him that like, yeah, I was plotting and did this. I I believe that Tucker believes him. But like I said, Trump has the ability to fire off a tweet and just be like, you're a liar, BB and your mama's a liar. And he is not doing it. He's not Doing it. And to be fair, like let's be real, these wars are not planned by BB and by Trump. These wars are planned by bankers and they're planned by neocons and the permanent government, and they're planned by tech executives and by the executives at the war machine.


Like these, these wars are planned by much bigger interests than just the president and the prime minister of Israel. And so the movements to get this war in place have been going on for years. Yes. Right. And these, this war, let's be real, this war is not about the nukes at all. The nukes are the pretext. The nukes are the WMDs. This war is about the oil, the Im Met corridor, the canal project that they want to build the Urian canal. This war is about global trade and about the like US dollar, it's about much bigger things and about destabilizing the region. It's not about the nukes. And so the, the players that are planning things like this, they're, they're not really concerned with what like Trump wants or doesn't want.


They might be convincing him to get on board with their plan or not and like leveraging things to get him on board. But I don't think they had to do a whole lot of convincing. Like I think that Trump would be very easily swayed to think all you need to do is show him some intelligence reports. Show him like some spooky stuff about Iran stockpile of like almost nuclear material and be like, look, they almost have a bomb. It doesn't hurt that he took a hundred million dollars. Shair Delson I know feels not, don't forget guys that's coming too. This is gonna be the one of the Candace Candace's right. Jar. But I'm not, I'm, it's not even that I'm right. It's just paying attention. I'm just paying attention to stuff. And obviously we're going to annex the West Bank because that's what Mary Mandelson gave Trump the check with Israel already planning. This is ahead of October 7th.


Okay. Like, hey, here's the thing, like we're gonna wanna annex the West Bank. Okay? So I Israel's imperial, that's what's happening. And to your point about Afghanistan, people are like, oh, they weren't, they weren't involved here. Guys, you have no idea what those wars were about. Okay, in Afghanistan, you gotta speak to the troops that were out there and had to guard the poppy fields. Oh, what happened after that war America got an opioid crisis. Who benefit off of that? Where's Poppy growing, by the way, like to support this, this crisis that we're having? Yeah. This is how these people think. Okay. And so they're selling us crap. They're telling us, oh, it's about this. It's because you have to save these people. It's because this is happening. And in reality it's because they are the makers of the world. Like they are the people that want to make sure that they control the world, they control the wealth and that they control the land.


And it's very obvious that BB Netanyahu just happens to be satanic. He is just, you will never remove me from that understanding. He's a full blown demon. And anybody that supports him, in my view, I'm questioning your soul. I really am at this point. Yeah. I I mean at this point, the, the tragic beauty of it all is that it is so obvious who uses their brain on social media? Who uses their brain in the media? Who actually thinks for themselves and just in regular political life here now, because the, the propaganda it we're literally like from one month to the next. Oh my gosh. Hamas is using human shields. Oh no. Like they're bombing our cities in Israel because our military installations are built into and underneath Tel Aviv.


Yeah. Like, oh my gosh, Iran is bombing civilians. I you you mean like Gaza where you bombed tens, maybe even hundreds of thousands of innocent civilians. Like we are just, were told a month apart. We were Told war as hell. Oh my gosh. It's so, war is tragic. It's why would you ever want this? Of Course, the the kids have to die. War is hell. Yeah. They can't keep their argument straight. Now all of a sudden it's like one Israeli dies. Oh my gosh. A civilian was killed. Like, what are you guys doing? Keep your argument straight. But speaking of propaganda, guys, we are, we reached peak propaganda the way that the little IDF boss on ex are still trying to clean this up 'cause it's so embarrassing And so obvious. So last night, this morning, I don know what time it's over there, but Israel bombed a news station.


But before they bombed the news station, the Israeli News on Telegram, the Telegram channel, they had intercepted an an Iranian and guys trust the science. An Iranian civilian hand wrote a letter and held it up in the sky and took a picture of it for the internet. 'cause they wanted Israel to see it. And they asked, the Iranians asked Israel to bomb the newsroom. They wanted to make sure that they, that they bombed this building. So we'll show you the letter. It's totally legit guys. It's like, this is like comical. It says Israel, please target Ali Khomeini, Mo Moba Kini and the Islamic Republic, IRIB. And they put in parentheses in case it's not clear, that's the state broadcaster they wanted, they wanted the Islamic Republic's state broadcaster to be bombed.


And then it, it, it's signed off. And I, the first thing I, wow, that is incredible because let me tell you something. There's so much to unpack here. First and foremost, why is it written in English was my first question. Okay. Not the first, second, third, fourth or fifth language that is spoken in Iran. Okay. Yeah. And so that seems a little Ridiculous. And I mean, if you're trying to communicate with Israel, why would you write it in English? Maybe I, I mean they do speak English there, but Yeah, like you, you can always tell when Bibi is trying to communicate to us because he'll speak in English. Oh yeah. Right? Absolutely. And that's the point. This was clearly, this is the most inorganic thing I've ever seen. And of course, who intercepted it? Not a random American, not someone online.


The the Israel news intercepted just before they actually bombed the broadcast. You're not gonna believe this guys Kamas is in the broadcast center. This is crazy. This is crazy. But now if you're having questions about, wait, why are we, why are we bombing news facilities? That's not supposed to happen. Why would that be considered legitimate target? Don't worry, rest assure it's not a war crime. The Iranian people wanted this to happen. They wrote it in plain English ties. Look, it's right there. Israel, please target the Islamic Republic's. IRIB. No further Questions. After all, I mean, why would Israel ever even want to bomb a news broadcasting agency that might be broadcasting things like facts and information and the truth about what's going on On, they didn't wanna, they just wanted that person who asked them to Yeah.


To get their wish. I can't see any other reason why anyone would ever It's missionary. Yeah, exactly. Right. Like This is where they're at. And their arguments are then, by the way, there's like Irans in the comment saying it's not even written in, in good Kurdish. They're like, this isn't even, somebody's like corrected it in the comments. And now the IDF bots are like, there are people who speak English in Iran. Not the point. Also, guys, just so you know how incredibly stupid that is. Just one more thing I wanna say about this. 'cause I'm so stunned by this. Imagine you're actually in war, okay? Forget your political arguments, what you feel about your government. Imagine there is a country dropping bombs on you. Your first instinct is not gonna be, let me tell them what to bomb. Okay? You don't wanna be bombed. Okay? The first thing that happens if America gets bombed, let's say Iraq is like, Hey, you killed a million Iraqi civilians and now we're gonna bomb America.


If they start bombing Tennessee, I'm not gonna go, Hey, here's a letter written in Spanish. Nobody knows why could you please also bomb CNN headquarters? Yeah. Not to mention that you're signing your death warrant. Yes. Because Iran will track you down and kill you. Ex exact Yeah. You're, because Iran is a regime and they will kill you. Yeah. But We're supposed to believe this is totally legit. Totally legit. This person did it. They were like, I if I bomb and I, I want more bombs from the sky and I just wanna be able to tell them. And fortunately for that individual, whoever posted that letter, Israel heard you and immediately did bomb bingo. They bombed the broad Like within 24 hours less they Think we're stupid. Yeah. I mean there's, they think we're so stupid that the entire pretense for this war is that Iran might develop a nuclear weapon.


Although when you actually dig into the, like international reporting on the matter, the international inspections on the matter, like yeah, there's some concerns about their stockpiling of 60% enrich Iran. There's some concerns. Israel has a secret nuclear program that they stole from the United States that they do not allow inspections of that they have not signed the international deep nuclear de de proliferation treaties for that they will not talk about. And Iran does not have nukes. So it's the nuclear armed rogue nation accusing the non-nuclear armed nation of getting nukes. They Always accuse you what they're guilty of. Like, you know, it's the Most bizarre. And like the internet, no one notices, no one realizes everyone's just going about their shit. Well, There's a reason for that.


And I wanted to let you know the reason why they have these nukes and this secret program, why Israel's allowed to have it and nobody else is because the holocaust I there there could be have a another Clip and we, I can clarify for that. Do we have a clip Skylar? Yeah. The 60 minutes clip. So we can we can go ahead and clarify for you why they're allowed to do what the rest of the world is not allowed to do. Oh, okay. Okay. And and take a listen world. Yeah. Why should the world tolerate you having nuclear weapons and not say Iran First? Again, we never admitted to have such a weapons. But the very comparison is, I must say, you say it's very insulting. And I tell you why we suffered one Holocaust.


We listened to our neighbors. Is it because of the Holocaust that you should be allowed to have nuclear weapons? You know what, this interview was finished. Now you edit you the Soho style and your questions ante don't want to is The case that There it is Soho style. It's so, it's so hostile. He did a blood libel right there on this screen, right there On. I couldn't believe he did it. It's unreal. He asked him, why are you allowed to break international law? And he said, well the holocaust happened. He said, we think is the holocaust happened. You're allowed to break international law. And he just goes, well this interview's over. Yeah. Never again this interview. Yeah. Never. Oh my gosh. It's over. I mean, holy. It is ridiculous. It is ridiculous that this is the argument that is used every single time. Like you are allowed to commit Holocaust now because of the Holocaust.


That's like literally what's happening in Gaza. Yeah. It's a Holocaust. Yeah. By any interpretation, it is a Holocaust by the way. Holocaust is a Catholic wor word. And you can't use this word. No. This is exactly what is happening here in the Gaza region. And when we notice it, it's like, well you're not allowed to ask any questions about anything that Israel does. So that's emotional manipulation. And that tactic is now over. Okay, you've done it, you've gripped it off of that for long enough by telling people that you cannot be questioned because of this. And now we have some questions because what you are doing appears to be demonic. You just seem to be causing issues everywhere. BB net and Yahoo. Okay. Your episode by the way is about to hit a million views on the BB files. The BB files. Can you just speak a little bit about That? That open my eyes so much. Anyone that hasn't seen the BB files episode I did last week needs to go watch it.


There's a documentary out because a lot of people have heard that BB is like corrupt or that he's got a trial or that he's on trial or that the protesters in Israel are protesting him. They don't realize that BB Netanyahu is going to prison. The moment that the wars end BB Netanyahu is going to prison. Israel has sent prime ministers, presidents and defense ministers, high level government officials to prison for far less than Bibb has clearly committed. Wow. It's all on camera. It's in the documentary. You can watch it for yourself. And the only reason why he's not already in prison is because he got the farthest right like coalition he could possibly find of these ab like literally Jewish terrorists into the government with him. And they took Israel's government in the elections, which he rigged because of it, allegedly because of his buddies in the media, which is why he's on corruption trial.


And they got elected because he made a coalition of the most extreme groups. And then October 7th conveniently happened and they go to war. And the documentary very clearly lays out how October 7th is clearly a effect a a caused effect of this coalition that he brought in to keep him out of jail, to keep him out of prison. Because now Israel is not focused on his crimes. They're focused on war and the existential threat. And so suddenly we have another war. And it's like BB Netanyahu will do anything to save his own skin. Right? He will do anything not to face judgment. And the episode I did lays it out, the BB files documentary lays it out even better. And I mean it like, I don't see it ending because he's going after their courts, he's starting more wars and he like, he will go to prison.


The moment that it, it calmed down in Israel. I will say this, I always try to look at the glass half full. I am just a, a naturally optimistic person. I do very much, much, I am grateful that this is happening. 'cause it's like finally the entire world is awakening. And it's so funny when try to pull these, and I'm saying they am talking about all these little IDF bots and they're like, look at this clip when can't ask used to be a Zionist. Yeah buddy. That should tell you you're losing like support for you has collapsed because everyone is waking up to the fact that you have run the longest game of propaganda ever. I mean, you look at how they attack everybody's mind. Yeah, the public school system. Okay. We are just completely conditioned to believe, like, you know, we talk about World War ii, we hardly talk about the Bolsheviks. We hardly talk about what happened to the Christians. We're always focused on this belief that Jewish people can only ever be the victims.


They can only ever be the victims if they don't get to in a public school system because this public school system is failing in a thousand different ways. But not in emotional conditioning. They're gonna get you in Hollywood movie after movie after movie given awards and you know, telling once again another tale about the Holocaust, which you know, pulls at your heartstrings. And so you go, okay, we can never allow this to happen ever again in the south. And this has been something that has been, I did not expect, but so many people have emailed me and said, Candace, I left the Baptist church. I left whatever Protestant church because I suddenly started seeing this like, how can we justify what Israel is doing? And you have our pastor standing up there saying it is your duty to defend them and just ignore the Holocaust of the Gazen.


And so it's awakening people and they're now getting baptized into the, into the, I mean, are being received by the Catholic church. And so it is having the opposite desired effects. And I think we're now all feeling encouraged and saying, you know what? It doesn't matter what somebody's race is or where they're from. Wrong is wrong. I don't care what your history is. I don't care what your grandma went through. What are you doing right now? Okay, what are you doing right now in the world? What are you contributing right now in the world? How dare you tell me or any person in America that not only do I have to send you billions of dollars, but I also am not allowed to criticize a single thing that you do, or you're gonna smear me as an antisemite. Yeah. Go Straight up pass laws in your own country that'll, that'll force you not to criticize them. It's Yeah. And Trump's been weak on That's insane. He's supported the stuff on the college campuses.


It's all crap. Yeah. So for better or for worse, the MAGA movement is going to change. Okay. Yeah. And there's no question about that. Do you have Dave Smith's tweet By the way? Yeah. There's a tweet where he explains, like he's talking about the Trump dilemma and I think it's, it's very well written so we can speak about that. Yeah. Trump is on the edge right now. He's ready to burn his entire legacy to the ground because he was, everything was laid out for him. All he had to do was close the border, deport a bunch of people and not go to war. Mm. Like gonna be, it was gonna be just fine and in, or maybe release some files that were already on Pam Bondy's desk And so far it's failing on all three counts and actually going to the wars we didn't want. And like it's, it's really sad. Or does he care more about his familial legacy?


Is he thinking, well, Gaza happened and the first thing he said was talking about Trump hotels that could be built there. You had Jerry Kushner speaking about right after October 7th speaking about what a, how much the property could be worth. I mean, speaking like Trump's and Kushner's and is that where his mindset is at? Is like, I don't have much time So I gotta carry about is my, is my family? Could be because he's older, I don't know. I'm not sure. But what I do know is he could very easily defeat this narrative and he could put our minds at ease by simply coming out and saying, Netanyahu's lying and I'm not okay with it and here's how I'm going to punish him for his lies. He's not doing that. The silence is a little bit deafening for me. I'm gonna be honest.


I just wanna throw it to one of our sponsors again before we get into what I know about Elon Musk. Because what a rabbit hole reminding you guys about PDS debt. The American dream is under attack and hardworking Americans like you are being crushed under mountains of debt. Why? Because creditors love debt. They want you to be stuck in their high interest trap. They want you drowning in student loans, credit cards, skyrocketing mortgage rates because when you're broke, you're controllable. What do you do? You take control, you fight back. And that can start with PDS debt. They've helped hundreds of thousands of people live debt free. Debt free. Pardon? PDS Debt goes beyond the numbers to understand your unique financial situation and craft a personalized plan design just for you, there is no minimum credit score required. They're here to help you save more, pay off your debt faster and start putting money back where it belongs, which is in your pocket. PDS set is a plus rated by the Better Business Bureau, both thousands of five star reviews on Google and holds a five star rating on Trustpilot. Why? Because PDS has helped hundreds of thousands of people get out of debt. You are 30 seconds away from being debt free. Get your free assessment and find the best option for you right now@pdsdebt.com slash Candace. Again, that is PDs debt.com/ Candace.


Okay, let's talk about Elon Musk because this, that there is a piece of this and something that I heard, which is very compelling and makes perfect sense and some tea that I have. The tea is piping hot. You do have some tea? Yes. Before I went on maternity leave, I was saying my gut's not right about Elon Musk. Okay. And what happened while I was on maternity leave breakup, breakup of the century that everyone saw coming, if they were listening to the Candace Owens podcast, because there's something that's not right about Elon Musk First and foremost in this blow up. We should just have Steve Bannon explain what happened, why this occurred, and why Elon Musk decided to assault Scott Bessant, the Treasure Secretary.


Secretary. Take a listen. There is a process. You just can't come in and get everything you want and do it entirely your way with not thinking about people at all. And what Elon did, and I think the president tried to make sure that he had every opportunity, we all want to cut federal spending. Hi. His promise and commitment to the president of cutting $1 trillion in federal spending was something he stuck to the end until we found out it was all a fraud. I mean this is what caused the, the physical altercation you had in the West Wing, right outside the Oval Office between the Secretary of Treasury. Scott Besson is a good friend of mine and a very even handed guy.


He and Elon got into a physical altercation. And that's because number one, people felt that day that Elon might have been on drugs. And number two, Scott called him a fraud to his face and said, look, we're in the middle of a hard, a terrible budget fight. You committed to a $2 trillion, then you committed to a trillion dollars. Now you talk about $160 billion. We don't see where you got anything. And obviously that got under Elon skin. So I think the president went out his way to property to, to basically give him every opportunity to perform. And it turned out just to be a fiasco. And he turned on the president viciously and he turned on the president personally. First thing I wanna point about there is that why Elon Musk assaulted, which is the most childless thing you could possibly imagine, but he flew into this rage because Scott Besson said that he was a fraud.


You said you're gonna deliver us trillions of dollars, you haven't even given us $100 million of cuts. And therefore Elon Musk being called a fraud triggered him. Why would being called a fraud trigger You? I mean, it's kind of like when the video gamers called him a fraud that triggered him. Right? Triggered him. Right. So it triggered him when the founder of Tesla called him a fraud and then he sued him for the right to call himself a founder of. And he didn't just throw your average temper tantrum despite like, which a grown adult. How is he 54? How old Elon Musk? Oh, I'm making everybody 54 today. Lemme actually look this up. I'm like, he's like 50. I think everyone is right now 54. Elon Musk age. Let's see, 53. I wasn't far. And what did I say?


Tape Porto before age 48. Okay. Sorry. I gave him an extra six years. Sorry Dave. Sorry Dave, you did a blood, you're Not eating blow with all that anger. Okay. It's not good for wrinkles screaming like that. But Elon Musk. Yeah, he is 53 years old and he physically assaulted someone and beyond that then went to Twitter and did, couldn't calm himself down and just so enraged I guess. And that, that the hit happened before. But then he has this blow up with him that takes place later. And actually people are missing here is like what actually set off Elon Musk first, I wanna show his accusation that Trump was in the Epstein files. Do you have that? He says, time to drop the really big bomb Trump is in the Epstein files.


That is the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day. GJT heavy stuff. Yeah. Wanna say I don't believe this. I wanna be clear on this front. Trump has never showed any indication that he's into young, super young women. Or like, he like, I Mean he's made some weird comments before, but it's, that's different than being in the Epstein Fox. Yeah, I think he's Gonna be on the, and Elon wouldn't logs not going to the island. But it's already been shown that he's been in the logs. Because like that happens, you borrow someone's plane in black book, you go somewhere. And I think he was with his kids or with his wife while he was on the plane. I don't believe that Trump is in any way shape or form into kids or that he was on that island. But Elon Musk saying it and being so angered as to say it is actually really revealing. So a couple of things that I know First and foremost, what actually set off Elon Musk, I am told, I'll say allegedly 'cause I don't want him suing me like he, you know, being in court with Elon Musk.


But I am told that it was because Trump told, and I'm, you're gonna have to look up this guy's name, but removed his pick for sitting in nasa. Could you look that up? Could you just remind me of what that guy's name is? I, I've maybe wrote down this document. I'm gonna see, I gotta look up this guy's name. Someone in the comments depart And say faster. Really invested in, in guy who was gonna get put in in nasa. Yes. I need to find this. And Trump flipped on him. Mm. What is it? Gerald, Isaac man or Jared. That's right. Jared, Isaac, man. Here we go. Let's pull up this article. Trump drops NASA nominee. Jared. Jared Isaac, man scrapping Elon Musk's pick. Okay, this sent him into a tizzy and I will tell you why I have it on good authority.


The reason is that Elon Musk never went in because he was interested in saving America by looking for all of this excess spending via Doge. I am told that he was actually in there because he was interested in the data. Okay. And the greatest access that you could have to data would be via nasa. They have tons of data on Americans. And so when he set up that pick, this is why there was delayed, the Scott Besson punch or whatever hit happened weeks before, they kept it very hush hush. And I know that for an absolute fact that it actually, the media found out very late about when it took place. Elon Musk was set off because of this removal of Isaac Min, which was kind of like a haha fu final thing that Sergio Gore did.


Sergio Gore kind of got Trump to do this and then he lost his cool because the entire reason he apparently went in there was to get this data. And the reason why he wanted to get that data was because of his long running feud with Sam Altman. Okay. So for those of you that Dunno who Sam Altman is. Sam Altman and Elon Musk started open AI together. Sam Altman has insisted that Elon Musk is a fraud, essentially. That this is just a rich kid's son. He spends his money. He did not found Tesla even though he sued someone, apparently, allegedly He sued the original founder Of Tesla. Can you speak about That? Yeah. There's a crazy article people can find if they start to Google this, where Elon Musk was a board member and the money bags behind Tesla early on when he founded and invested in it and the actual guy that was the CEO and the brains behind it at the time, he gave this wild interview, one of the few he's done about it since where he talks about how Elon was never involved, was never there, was had no office there until Tesla started to get really good news, press news coverage.


And then Elon started to get really involved, was really angry and would scream anytime that his name wasn't mentioned in the press even though he had nothing like was not the company. And eventually after, you know, he kind of took the company away from him and and like ostracized the guy, Elon sued him for the right to call himself a, a co-founder. And so that's how Elon can now call himself a co-founder of Tesla because he sued for that, right? Not because he actually co-founded it. So you have the Tesla, Tesla guy, founders saying like I essentially he sued me, which is he, he likes to sue people and that is the reason why he's considered the genius founder of Tesla. You have Sam Altman and him who have had this very long running feud. Sam Altman also saying that he is a fraud.


And apparently the reason why he wanted that data was because it was going to allow him to beat Sam Altman in an AI race. It's an AI race. That is what I am told. I will button this within allegedly. But I feel very strongly about that. And that answers the question as to why he freaked out when Scott Besson called him a fraud because he's been accused of being a fraud so much. He is riding on it fraud many times in the background from video games. Which what does it say about someone's character that they would hire someone to make them get the highest score. Highest score. So people believe that he's a genius that you would sue someone to make you say, to make them say that you are a co-founder of Tesla. Of Tesla so that you can appear as a genius. You go into government and now you have Scott Besson saying you are a fraud. You did not deliver on what, how you said you're going to deliver and you hit him in the face.


What does that tell us about Elon Musk? And he is apparently walking around, allegedly walking around with a little box of pills of all various different sorts. There's a whole bunch of reporting about Elon's drug use that like Listen is Clearly going beyond what it started as. And what it makes me uncomfortable about Elon Musk, and this is why I'm like I was never on Elon Musk train, is that he tells verifiable lies. So he is saying that he did not do drugs. Anybody in the political world can tell you that that's not true. Okay. I can tell you 'cause I don't like this guy, this other person, Seth Dylan told me that Elon Musk takes a ton of special K I've known this for years before he was in, before he was at Doge, maybe he stopped taking it and cleaned his life up while he was at the White House. But I can tell you that that report, yeah, Elon Musk known drugs allegedly he didn't.


So okay, he does allegedly does drugs and people are speaking about his drug use and are concerned is typically this was brought to me. It was like a concerning amount of drug use. Yeah. The New York Times did a whole special investigation on it. Yes. And he's, is he suing them because he's got the money to sue them? It doesn not true Doesn true doesn, but he's denying it on Xing that that's not true. He's denying all these things on X and something else that makes me very uncomfortable. He comes out with this, I'm angry because you didn't put Isaac Min as as the head of NASA and then drops this Epstein little thing, you know, oh you an Epstein. And then he starts retweeting. He retweeted Ian Miles Chong. Can we pull up that tweet?


Ian Miles Chong writes President versus Elon who wins. My money's on Elon Trump should be impeached and JD Vance should replace him. And this obviously went crazy. He's now calling for him to be impeached because he didn't get the guy that he wants on. Whoa. Was this today? No. Or is this an older Screenshot? This was on the day that he was tweeting about. Wow. Yeah. Okay. He was calling for Trump to be impeached. He was this angry about Isaac man not being appointed. Okay. Because his AI dreams allegedly are now being, or how much data he was gonna be able to feed with that access being given to him, which is insane. But here's what's even crazy about that. If you looked back when he got into an argument with one of his baby mamas, I know there's a lot of them.


It was Ashley St. Clair and people then realized that Ashley St. Clair finding out that she had one of his child was quite shocking because early on when he took over X he was promoting her account, making it look like he just thought this was like a, a account that was interesting. He was promoting her tweets. She was one of the first people that came out and was like, everybody sign up for like X monetization. You make so much money, You make so much money. So in retrospect, because he didn't reveal the fact that he was having a sexual relationship with her that he, she was pregnant with his baby or about to give birth, he was actually creating his own little propaganda arm within X. Okay, fine. You Get paid $30,000 If you come to X and sleep with the co-founder. Yes. Or at least let him inseminate you artificially. Right. But he's also promoted that Ian Miles Chong account over and over and over, over and over again over.


I can tell you that I know for a fact that Elon Musk has a relationship, not a sexual relationship, has a relationship with Ian Miles Chong because Ian Miles Chong has bragged, I have seen proof of this that Ian Miles Chong is very close with Elon Musk. They text on the regular. So he is promoting that thought as if he does not know Ian Miles strong. Again, just an account that I'm interested in and not that Ian Miles Strong is actually somebody that he has a relationship with and who he is using as a propaganda arm of Elon Musk. And I find that to be very telling because something else that I've heard about Ian Miles strong is that the Malaysian government was looking into him for a long time. That was all publicized. Yeah. They wanted to hang him. They did. They did. Oh literally They stopped going after Ian Miles Chong allegedly because somebody paid for them to stop looking into him.


Now I'm not saying that that's Elon Musk, I have zero proof of that. I can say that Elon Musk and Elian Musk Chong have a relationship. I cannot say definitively that Elon Musk was the person who paid to get him outta trouble for the Malaysian government. But I'm just also putting out there that someone did pay to get Ian Miles Chong out of trouble with the Malaysian government and he has since left Malaysia. So I think if that's quite telling, like who is Ian Miles Chong that Elon Musk is dealing with him behind the scenes while trying to pretend that he's organically, oh this guy thinks Trump should be impeached. Did you text him and say, Hey tweet that Trump should be impeached 'cause I'm angry And not, not only that Trump should be impeached, but that then JD Vance should be installed. And JD Vance is Peter Thiel's boy, JD Vance is very popular with the technocrats and I don't have anything against jd.


Like, you know, jd, what he says seems to be cool enough in my opinion. But the people that want JD there not my favorite people. Right. Not like, and especially if you're Elon Musk and you're like in with this technocratic future you're in with this whole AI system and you're calling for JD to replace Trump. It is just very weird. And I don't think people realize is that Elon Musk's vision, if this is all real, this would perfectly align with his grandfather's vision. And Yeah, If you look into his genealogy, his, and I'm always doing that, something's wrong with me. But his grandfather, yeah, you got me started on that too. Started this organization, a technocratic movement calling for essentially saying democracy doesn't work. We need technocrats to be in charge. He was a part of this organization in Canada, which got banned.


And so this, he got Arrested for it actually. He got Arrested, yeah. Yeah. It's on the Wikipedia page For him. We to pull up this guy's name. Yeah. Joshua Joshua Halman. This is Elon Musk granddad. Okay. And look, he, he became involved in Canadian politics backing the Cracy movement. But you hit that. Yep. Okay. It was a social movement and he got, I mean you can look all of this in in your, in your spare time. Maybe I'll do another episode on this. I just really don't want my ex count to get banned. 'cause he does that when he's petty. He like will remote someone or demote someone. I mean he even started following Laura Loomer only because she was trashing one of his baby mamas. Like that is remarkably petty. Okay. But look into that. He is. He is the, the heir of this. So is it true when his father, Errol Musk says that Elon Musk is just a spoiled rich kid, you know, and when he doesn't get what he wants, he throws temper tantrum.


That's from his dad. Errol Musk, not from me. He says he is a spoiled rich kid. Is that true? Did he just purchase Tesla? Did he just purchase, you know, the right for people to call him this genius? Did he just purchase somebody beating him, beating a video game? And did he with that appearance that he was just this most brilliant, undeniably brilliant person purchased his way into the White House? Only because he's going to be a part of this AI future, which I think is coming. I think it's here and there are unknown at this point, connections to Epstein and Ghislaine Maxwell. We don't really know for sure the full extent of it, but Elon Musk is not clear of that scandal either. Wait, what? Yeah, Elon Musk is not clear of the Epstein scandal.


I mean there's a well-known photograph of Elon and Ghislaine partying that obviously does not prove anything. But they, Epstein was certainly plying Elon as well. And Whitney Webb has done reporting on it. But I, my understanding, 'cause I've not gone super far down, it's very hard to, a lot of the reporting around Epstein for some of these technocrats is harder to tease out because it was more in the quiet. It wasn't these celebrities that got reported on so much. And So I don't have a strong understanding of how deep it truly does go. But I know there's a threat to pull on there. That's very interesting. Yeah. I just don't buy it. And like I said, when you look into his family is, and what they believed and what their vision was of the future.


And then you're telling me like, oh your grandson's involved in all of this and he's trying to get our AI allegedly. Yeah. And I'm telling you that it, I feel very confident about what I'm saying about what he was doing in government and I think Skip Scott scent, just being like, you're a fraud and calling him out on that. Yeah. Led to him freaking out. And again, where there's one lie, there's many, he didn't have to address the drug use thing, but he chose to address it and to be dishonest about it. 'cause if it's not true and then you think the New York Times is really staking everything on saying you that you do drugs and that I, like I said, I've heard this years before the New York Times published this, just sue them photos. Like if Publish Of it New York saying that I was a drug, a drug addict, I would be so happy. I'd be like, I'm so rich because I'm suing that. Yeah. There, it's, it's literally zero evidence of that I don't do drugs, I don't even drink.


So like that would be amazing if they did that. Instead he's just like sending out a tweet like, haha, this isn't real. Don't trust a person that lies. And are you telling the truth about the Epstein files? 'cause he didn't apologize. He gave like a half apology for what he said about Trump. I regret the, I regret some of the tweets I made last week, or something like that. Right. Which ones? Yeah, no clarity. Interesting. So that's what I wanna say about interesting. But real quick before we get off of that, it's, you know, in, in true 2025 fashion, Elon Musk has all these issues and he's feuding with Sam Altman. Sam Altman has all kinds of issues too. Oh. From whistleblowers that are winding up dead to a sister that's been accusing him of sexual Abuse. The whole AI movement is evil. All of it. All of them. I make every direction you look.


I'm glad you called that out because Yeah, I wanna be clear, I'm not like Team Sam Ulman because I'm pointing out Elon Musk's flaws. I think the entire AI movement is problematic and Americans need to stand up to it. Don't let any politician try to sell you. Like these people are futuristic and amazing. I did not like all of those AI creeps at Trump's inauguration. But what did that signal, why did he have them all at his inauguration? It, Trump seems to be helping whether wittingly or unwittingly usher in this AI movement. Yeah. And they, they want your data. They wanna to control it's control, much control every aspect of your life. And there's no question about that. They're competing with one another. Yeah. To acquire all of your data, to create this AI future. All right. I wanna get to people's comments 'cause we are dropping some serious tea. I'm gonna be in so much trouble Speak.


Whoops. I know. Whoops. I mean, I tried my best to get you canceled. I didn't try hard enough obviously. So I, good luck. My PR person, this is really funny 'cause he sent to me last night. I just letting you know, like the Zionists in media are looking for anything for you to say on your podcast tomorrow. And Savannah responds as like, like, like usual. Oh, Oh, you're gonna, whatcha gonna write next Spooky. Whatcha gonna say? Oh my gosh, I'm so scared. She's stupid. Yeah's my Shut it down. Well shut it down. You've, you've said way too much. That's the problem. Nobody believes you anymore and we keep getting proven right. And so people are gonna continue to watch the show because they just wanna hear honest, honest opinions. At least opinions that are based in fact and not in propaganda. And lemme tell you, calling us Candace, Candace co kaar with Kato and Tucker Kaar.


Nobody cares. Nobody cares. It's funny to us, it's funny because you're losing the propaganda war because you can't do the one thing that's necessary, which is tell the truth.


All right. I want to at first remind you guys about Nimi Skincare because I saw someone in the comment say that I look like I'm glowing and maybe it's 'cause of Nimi Skincare. You guys know that in my time often since we welcoming Little Roman, I've been reminded how every single moment is so precious and my daily routine has naturally become more focused on what truly matters. I've also been using this time to treat myself in small ways. And that includes with Nimi skincare. Nimi Skincare is not just another beauty brand. It's a celebration of faith, family, and freedom. They are proudly made here in the USA and they have just extended that quality from skincare for your face. It's your entire body. They just launched their new foundation's body bundle and it's a complete three step routine. It starts with the botanical bliss body wash, which gently cleanses with ene meat and soothing botanicals. Then the revitalizing sugar scrub, which exfoliates and it hydrates with vitamin C and coconut oil. And you finish with the restorative body lotion, which deeply moisturizes with hyaluronic acid and aloe vera. It leaves your skin feeling nourished all day. It's a complete system for healthy glowing skin from head to toe made with quality effective ingredients that you can actually trust. So if you're tired of giving your hard-earned money to companies that don't respect your values, I want you to go to nimi skincare.com and use code Candace 10 and you'll get 10% off your order. That's nimi skincare.com with code Candace 10 today.


All right, let's get to your comments. We're so much up. I don't even wanna look in the internet, So I can't even go the IDF bots. Sorry. You have the best comment sections though. I know, I know. The IDF bots flood your chat, but they can't touch Your comments. Yeah, no, no, no, no. They can't. You can always see where they're, where they are. And like I always tell you, X is like where Oh yeah. And, but they admitted it on camera. They're like, we've got, we've got TikTok under control and X under control. And you see the shift because when Elon first brought X, there was so much anti anti-Israel trends and then he just like disappeared them. And, and now we get all of these accounts who are obviously like being controlled by the IDF 'cause they have all of these like cells, which you can go online and look what's up. This is not a conspiracy. They have cells that fake write comments on Twitter.


They edit Wikipedia. Yeah. Literal soldiers in some cases. Fully Yeah. Literal soldiers. IDF soldiers that are doing this. 'cause they've always understood that it's an information war and finally it is a war that they are losing. Okay. Comments. This person said please buy Ian a sandwich for his hard work. Okay. Well this is ironic because Ian actually bought me a sandwich today. That's true. For lunch. She went to a burger place, said, did you want one? And I said yes. So I'm gonna allow it. I think that works. Yep. Fast for his hard work. He, he gets to buy me a burger. Yeah. I'm Dave Portnoy now. Angela writes, love you Candace and urgently need your view on Matt Walsh and Charlie Kirk asking to ban all immigration from third world countries, even if it is legal, but immigration from first world countries is fine.


Fine. Do you find this racist? That is a much broader discussion argument that we should be having because in the past people were like, well, I'm okay with immigration. Immigration First and foremost should never be unlimited. We should constantly be assessing whether or not America is, is in the economic condition to have any form of in legal immigration as well. What are gonna be the parameters of that? How are we going to decide whether or not this person would be a good addition? What are their values? What are their viewpoints? This gets into the H one B visa discussion that we were having that Elon Musk also lost the plot on. Got A big opinion on. What's your take on that? Oh, it's so complicated. I, I fall somewhere in the middle on that. I mean, being raised in the left, I was like brainwashed into thinking like all immigrants are good.


Yeah. And they're, they're clearly not. But at the same time it's like, it's not like I feel like we need to close the borders completely forever, but right now it wouldn't hurt to just, you know, get the house in order Down down now. Yeah. The house is not in order. Yeah. It's like, should you lock your door at you? If people are flooding in and there's drug use, it's like, yeah, we probably should do that. Yeah. And also it's weakening us. It's, it's become such a point for other countries like China, what they're, what they're pushing over the border. These groups that support this unlimited immigration. It's always been nefarious. Yeah. It's a burden. And so yeah, like I said, topic for another day, but a topic that we should address. Gianna. Hi Candace and Ian, what is Israel's end game in your opinion? Ian?


Oh, Israel's end game. So Israel I think has an end game. And then like the larger, like banking cabal, the, you know, the deep state of the globe has a different and, and, and inclusive end game. I think Israel wants greater Israel. A lot of Israel, especially like the, the sort of far right faction that Bibe has surrounded himself with. Now they want greater Israel. They want not only all of Israel and Gaza and the West Bank, but they also want to expand into this more like, I guess I was gonna say biblical, but it's more like Torah. I, I don't know what like, how they would even describe it, but this like religious prophecy of the Greater Israel project. But the Red heifers and The temple. Exactly. They want to destroy the temple and rebuild the Jewish temple on the temple mount.


And they have openly spoken about that. His, his many people in his government have openly spoken about that in the past. So they have all this religious stuff going on and destroying Iran is a critical destabilization to sort of like finish the job in the Middle East to get them ready for all that. But I think that the larger powers at play that are, you know, including Israel in that, but also bigger than Israel in some ways, they want the iMac corridor to open up through this new canal project called the Ben Korean Canal, which will come out right next to Gaza. Just north of the north, northern end of Gaza. And so you can't have that going through if Hamas is gonna be just shooting gallery all over you with rockets. And so Gaza had to get destroyed in order for the canal product to go through.


And that will change the game in the Middle East. Suddenly Egypt is not the only passage from the Mediterranean to all the oil in the world. And then beyond that, also destroying Iran destabilize the entire belt and road initiative of China and all of their allies. And in the same same vein as just as you destabilize Iran and the Chinese trade systems, the Chinese Yuan, you also are building your Western trade system with this canal. So I think there's a whole bunch of oil geopolitics, trade and dollar supremacy going on in the background that all the nuclear stuff is just a facade for. And they're using religious arguments for the Israelis that want religious arguments. They're using nuclear arguments for the Americans that want like some political rationale, but ultimately it comes back to money.


Oh, So world domination. Yeah, world Domination Pretty much. And they have been very good at achieving that. You know that book that was written from a former Mossad person, I think it was called By Deception, only by de and it's, he says it's the motto of the Mossad. And so they dece By deception we make war. Yeah, exactly. By making people think the other guy did it, this person did it. And he goes into detail on that. Risked his life really to come out and say that. So that's a book that people should read in their spare time. Felicia Marie writes, Bibi Netanyahu is trying his hardest to get the US involved in his crime, a fight with Iran to the point that he's making up lies that Iran tried to assassinate him, but he has no proof.


Skyler is writing that. He has a clip of Bibi on Brett bearer saying that Iran tried to assassinate Trump twice. Yeah. Yes, that is correct. Take a listen to that clip. I want to talk about the nuclear threat and I wanna talk about President Trump. You just said Iran tried to assassinate President Trump twice. Do you have intel that the assassination attempts on President Trump were directly from Iran Through proxies? Yes. Through, through their intel. Yes. They want to kill him. Look, he's enemy number one. He's a decisive leader. He is, he never took the path that others took to try to bargain with him in, in a way that is weak given them, given them basically a pathway to an rich uranium, which means a pathway to the bomb, patting it with billions and billions of dollars.


He took up his fake agreement and basically tore it up. He killed the ha qm soleimani he said made it very clear, including now you cannot have a nuclear weapon, which means you cannot enrich. He's been very forceful. So for them he's, he's enemy number one. Yeah. Look, they also tried to kill me, but I'm his junior partner. When did you They understand President Trump is a great threat to Ron's plans to, to weaponize nuclear weapons and use them. That was such a miraculous non-answer. As soon as B Brett bearer asked him directly point blank. Do you have intelligence to, to indicate that? Well, yes. Through their proxies, their intelligence, they, they want to assassinated 'cause he is such an enemy.


He's such a friend to us. He's such an enemy. A bunch of garbage. Yeah, absolutely. And like say He does not have tell on that. No, it's not one bit. It's it's the JFK playbook. You know what I mean? Yeah. And then if something happens to Trump, we don't know. It was definitely Iran. Whatever is good for us, it definitely was that somehow they always make a way. And every war Israel wins. It's amazing. Even the ones that they're not involved with. And every War is real De deception. Exactly. Through deception. They get people waring with one another. We have to wake up to that and learn more about history and, and what they have been able to accomplish through that deception. Well it's understandable 'cause we are finding out that they can't exactly win the wars without us. Yeah, apparently. 'cause clearly That's the whole reason They're doing this. It's not going so hot over there right now.


Here's a Letter, please bomb, please bomb in perfect English shared across English channels. Okay. This person writes all gas. This is all gas no breaks. That is the username. That's good. The sum of all fears movies alludes to Israel having nuclear weapons via the us That's from 2022. 2002. Yes. We've known that for some time. Make it known. Ra writes, where do the controllers cooperate? The Antarctic treaty, industrialized nations of the worldwide COVID rollout. IMF banking cooperation with all space agencies, physicists sent to the Hadron Colitis Worldwide war is a racket major. General s bottler. That's an interesting, so if I'm reading, if I'm hearing that comment correctly, yeah. They have an interesting take, which is that you can tell what's really going on by seeing what they all work together on and what they are all aligned on.


And they, they give some examples, like they all have this piece treated in Antarctica that is super weird. Got some questions and they all, you know, work together on space stuff and they all work together on like, you know, and, and that is an interesting way to look at the world. Yeah. I mean it's in similar to how when you look at what is the news all saying for us to believe right now. Cool. I'm gonna believe the opposite. Mm. I I like how I was thinking. And to that note, builder Berg just happened right now. That's exactly right. Actually Xavier Ard was telling me something about Bilderberg and Epstein and he's working on another book. And so we're gonna be doing essentially an Epstein series. We gotta bring you in for that. Everyone that comes is like, you gotta keep Ian around guys. I'm trying to entrap him. You know, I'm, I'm not against totally against being violent and, and trying to keep him down here.


I don't even let the team have a window. Like I can, I can get there, you know, I'm, I'm on my day Portnoy. Just give me time. Okay. This comment I actually have a lot to say about this is from Benny d. He writes, I feel like transhumanism is the technocratic religion. They worship technology and what they hope to gain from it. They care about pushing new tech and not so much about people. Okay. I don't wanna say too much because if you're not in my book club, this is gonna sound like I'm rambling, but one of the things that we are inching closer to is understanding that the religion behind that, and I'm learning more about Kabbalah actually this book right here. And you guys are gonna ignore this sound, This book, Which we cannot get copies of for more people. But Sigmund Freud and the Jewish mystical tradition, I, I've been doing a lot of looking into theology and learning about the origins of Kabbalah and this idea of the tree of life and thinking that If you want to overtake what is godly, then you have to do the, you have to create life, you know, become the creators of life, the creators of death.


And it stuck with me. This, this war on fertility is very real, right? Yeah. We're having so many young women that are, are struggling to have one kid and they are literally turning to science and medicine. And like I said, science has been competing with God for a long time. And of course they laughed at me for some reason. The IDF bots on X really hate when I say that she's so stupid. Science is trying to compete with gut. No, literally. Right? They want to be the givers of life. And I have it on my heart, and I'm gonna speak about this more with my other series where I talk about vaccines and stuff. But the war on fertility is real. And something that really spooked me was that a lot of people who are born of IDF, I mean born of IDF, born of IVF pardon are struggling to conceive themselves.


Yeah. When you told me that, it blew my mind. So imagine world. Yeah, I did not know that. And I want more data on this. So this is very early. So If you are a person and you are, you know, your parents had you via IVF and you are struggling to conceive, I would love for you to just write in the comments, send us a note and speak about that. Because once I saw this happening with a few of my friends who are born from IVF and they're struggling to conceive, I got interested and I just Googled. I said like, you know, do they know this? Do like you're trying to be the creator of life. You, have you considered that those women when they grow up are gonna have difficulty conceiving? And they gave a very, an answer to that. Big pharma does not gonna be comfortable. There have been some studies that show, but there's not enough data to conclude that when people grow up and these women grow up, that they're able, whether they're able to conceive or not.


I'm like, okay, well what if they can't? What if you know that 80% of people that are born from IVF cannot conceive themselves? What does that tell you? Where does the power go? It tells you that you have a monopoly on birth, on Birth People and all they need to use is convince one generation to get on board. Yes. Yes. It's over. And this gave me a heart attack. And So I want women that are listening to this to understand there is a war on your fertility. The food that they, what they're putting into the food, they know that it is toxic fertility, the vaccines, they know that is toxic fertility. They admitted that after the fact with COVID. They lied, they gaslit you and were saying that they were having menstruation issues. They knew that I know without question, my reaction to the Gardasil shot.


And I don't care if that sounds crazy and conspiratorial, I want you to wake up to the fact that fertility is a God-given gift. And I believe that there are people who are satanic and they want to overtake that and they do this. They accomplish the most power when they tell you that they're trying to help you know that they constantly are trying to convince you. Well, you know, AI's gonna help you. You, you all have self-driving cars. Think about how starlink is gonna help you. All you have to do is just let us control everything Your life is going to Be. Well with IVF you can choose the traits of your baby. You can have the perfect baby. Yeah. No complications. By the way, Elon Musk has been one of the biggest PR firms for IVF. Yeah. The majority, the overwhelming majority of his kids were all had via IBS.


Somehow we have a tech billionaire that's not actually sleeping with all of his baby mamas. Right. Like, that's so weird and wrong. Like what? But he's randomly picking them and he's like, become this person of IVF is amazing. Yeah. So we've become this like spokesperson for it. And I am telling you, and and it breaks my heart because I know how much women are going through to just be able to have one kid. I have so many friends that are going through this right now, colleagues that are going through this right now. And they would give anything for the gift of life. And you don't realize how, how much of a gift fertility is because they're also polluting your mind. No. Via feminism. Throw it out. You know, who cares about any of this and I want you to, But you can make changes. Yeah. Like we, I think we both know women. I, I know a woman like close to me that had serious fertility issues that didn't think that she could get pregnant and then did some things like went to some therapists and, and changed some things in her life and for her suddenly she got pregnant.


Yeah. Like there are, there are lots of ways, and it's obviously different for everyone, But don't give up hope. No. Don't, don't ever not, you know, resign your, your fight for your, for your fertility because whether it's, you know, the poisons in your tampons or it's the poisons in your food or it's All on purpose. Right. Or it's your, you know, your birth control or whatever it is, poison, you know, just work it poison Thing at a time. Poison, poison, poison. Yeah. Not by accident. All sold to us as help. You'll be able to do the splits while you're menstruating. Take have a tampon that's completely toxic. Like, you know, don't you have, you always wanna do the splits while you're menstruating. Yeah. This is kind of playtex sport. Yeah. I hope they use that as a commercial because we just sold it to you. Yeah. My girl, she's gonna be so educated in all this stuff and yeah, these people are demons. It's all demonic.


I just over answered that question, but I, I'm feeling very passionate. It's important. And then now it's like my role as a Catholic to have 10 children. So don't worry guys, if I seem really nice today, I'll be angry in two months. Probably pregnant again. Benny writes, oh, lastly Misty writes, this war won't be fought with bones and blood. It will be fought with robots and drones. Ian, your thoughts? Oh yeah, the drones are getting real dark. We're seeing drones more and more in every single conflict right now. Whether it's the Ukraine drone strike that they just did. There was drones used by Israel that they had smuggled drones into Iran that we don't really have any video of. We don't. But like there was reporting about it and it, it's getting pretty dark because when Palantir is getting in with our government and talking about doing their whole like data accumulation super system in America, drones are also being implemented in policing in the United States.


And there's all sorts of suggestions about, and like, I think a lot of people think of drones as like the kind you seen your buddy play with for filming like some YouTube video or something. No, military and police drones are autonomous. So recently we just had, you can look this up on X, on YouTube, whatever. We recently just had a autonomous drone beat all of the top human pilots for a drone race, which is like 70 miles an hour through all these different gates at like, Wow. They can fly through forests, they can fly in swarms, they can be small, they can be big, they can carry weapons or cameras or whatever. And so we are like just a few years away from full on sci-fi, movie level control.


Police dogs just like murdering you because you have the body. Well, they're not Even dogs anymore. Yeah, now they're robots. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. Dog robots or whatever murdering you. Yeah. You Put it all together. It's pretty Dark. Yeah, it's, it is very dark. And I'm telling you that these people that are pretending that they wanna help humanity in my viewpoint want to hurt humanity. And that is why spiritually, I was never on board. I just felt it. Like, I just felt it in my gut. And So I wanna say all that to you guys. In closing, like I said, I've heard your comments. I will get on my day Portnoy just like I'll own you. Ian, you You. I'll be back. I'll be back. You Own me. I, what did you say? You belong to me. You work for me. You'll work for me one day, Ian, you'll work for me. How I do guys? I think it's working. I was, I as a slave master, let me know.


Anyways, it was so great to be back first episode and thank you Ian, by the way, did a tremendous job. Oh, you're welcome everybody. Welcome. Go watch this episode that is about to crush a million views, the BB files. It was two episodes ago. You can find it here on the YouTube channel. Other than that, I'll see you tomorrow.