
Alright. Right guys. Happy inauguration day. It's so exciting. Everybody is excited. It, it is palpable. The energy is palpable. What an absolute transformation. If you recall or remember the inauguration of Joe Biden, I remember where I was. I was actually in Washington, dc It was such a dark energy, and don't forget it was c everyone was wearing masks. So it almost felt like we were watching the inauguration of a communist dictator chose escu maybe from Romania, and everything felt very performative and there was no one there. There was no excitement. And so obviously I did not travel to DC for this because I'm pregnant, but my husband did and we were living in DC for that inauguration. And now he's telling me just the excitement in the air of the energy.


You can really just sense that America is back and that people are feeling hopeful. And that's why we are going to be live streaming this. We're gonna bring in cspan, I'll cut so you guys can watch this feed and, and see who's entering the stage. I think that that looks like it's Christy Nome right there. We're gonna get into everyone that's there. Everyone who has been snubbed also should mention honorably, obviously, that it is also MLK day. And you can keep that feed running, mark, no big deal. Just keep it running the entire time. It's MLK day. And so people are also talking about the fact that Donald Trump has, is pledging to release the MLK files. MLK Junior files, the JFK files. We're gonna learn about these assassinations. It feels a little late, better late than never.


He did promise that he would do that throughout the first term. He didn't get around to it because he said that it would cause a nat, I guess he said a national emergency or presented a national security risk. That which I think leads to a lot of questions. We already think that we know who assassinated both of those individuals, but it'll be nice to see if there's any proof of the things that we already know. He'll also be signing 200 plus executive orders today. It's a lot of signatures that he is going to have to give among it, saying he's going to end the birthright citizenship. Tom Holman speaking about how they're going to get rid of all of these illegals virtually overnight. We see Laura Trump walking in right now, by the way.


They just had the ride together. Joe Biden to the Capitol, Joe Biden and Donald Trump in a limousine together. Very strange. I think it's just very strange. I just wonder what they, what they spoke about, what they're saying to one another. I wonder if Joe Biden is online, so to speak, if he's drugged right now. We are seeing that's Mark Zuckerberg standing next to his wife and they are standing next to, looks like Jeff Bezos, Elon Musk. I have a lot to say about that actually. And oh, I see the Pearl Butters. You might not be familiar with them. Ike Perlmutter, he was on the board of Disney for a long time and his wife Lori Perlmutter. One of the questions that people are asking now, this, this day actually began at church and there were a lot of these tech CEOs there, and a lot of people are asking, is this the right message to send to America?


And I'm gonna say right away, I am on team. No, particularly when it comes to, to Mark Zuckerberg. I am very annoyed by his presence. And I know that's when people are agreeing with this. It just feels that you can just buy your way into Trump's inner circle. And no one deserves that. Less than Mark Zuckerberg. I mean, everything that we have endured for the early Trump supporters getting kicked off of Facebook, getting demonetized, being called Russian bots, being told that we are racist, that we are sexist, being told that we're anti-vax, like Mark Zuckerberg had so much power. And yes, he has recently been giving interviews about, oh, I was being pressured by Joe Biden. No, this began before Joe Biden assumed office. Okay?


Facebook was a part of the montros of lies of, of censoring Trump supporters while Trump was in office the first time. So I just don't really accept that. He made absolutely no sacrifices. He said nothing while Trump was running against Kamala Harris. I think he gave one interview when Trump survived an assassination attempt that said something nice about him. But other than that, he was just waiting to see who got power. We went into power. And then he said, well, you know, I've got so much money that I will be able to afford to stand next to Trump. And I think this is a critical mistake. I think Trump made the wrong move here. In doing that, we will show you, it looks like we have all the Supreme Court justices walking in. There's Neil Gorsuch and there's Brett Kavanaugh.


It, it just, I don't know, I think it sends the wrong message to allow people to buy a literal seat at the table. I'm of course comfortable with Trump taking meetings with him. We had heard that he was taking meetings with Mark Zuckerberg at Mar-a-Lago. Of course, If you can thaw that relationship, you want it to be better for conservatives on these platforms, but to be standing next to you on Inauguration Day, that should be seen as an honor, not something that you should buy. So I was not pleased about that. I think we do have a screenshot, by the way, if we wanna just jump over to that photo of them earlier at the church. They arrived at St. John's Church at 6:08 AM this morning. Okay, pause right here. Melania Trump, I, I'm obsessed with her. I just wanna say that very clearly.


Look at this outfit that she's wearing. If you guys are listening to this in audio, then just find it. She is just perfection the way that she delivers every time she dresses. And it boggles the mind that fa you forget how, how severely bullied were Trump supporters. Well, even his wife, they said, we're not gonna dress her when they first assumed office. Remember you had Mark Jacobs came out, we refuse to dress this woman 'cause she's fascist dictator. You had Jason Woo, Jack poin, Tom Ford all came out and refused to dress plausibly the classiest first lady that America has ever had. And what I love about her is she's never wearing their brands anyways. It looks like she's wearing John Veto Rossi heels there.


And that hat, the fact that Melania Trump is trying to bring back hat culture America, please pick it up. She's throwing it down. Please pick up what she's throwing down. You have Usha Vance and JD Vance that were seated next to them. Barren Trump towering over everyone. He seems like he's just fantastic. Like obviously Melania has kept him very close to her chest throughout all of these years and really protected him. And he seems to be stepping into his own. But at this church, like I said, you had Elon Musk who has become something of a Mar-a-Lago groupie. I dunno how I feel about that. You had Jeff Bezos and Lauren Sanchez. I'm not as bothered by that. I don't know If you guys agree with me and you can cut back to the feed.


They can keep watching what's happening live. I don Dunno If you guys agree with me about Jeff Bezos, but he's the billionaire that bothers me the least. I don't know why that is. I, it's weird. I think because his story just registers more true to me. Like he was this nerdy techie guy, and then he hid it big with Amazon, made tons of money, and then decided that he wanted to go live out all of his nerd fantasies. And like he left his wife and didn't even fight her in court. She's like, I want half, it's gonna be the biggest divorce settlement ever. He's like, yeah, I have more money that I could possibly spend, take everything and fighter her, gave her everything and then goes and dates a blowup doll. I don't know. I I just find that to be like an eighties relatable story.


And he doesn't seem to be over inserting himself there. We have Ivanka Trump walking in right now. By the way, I'm just gonna speak through the things that are happening in case people are on audio. Ivanka Trump is walking in similarly wearing a hat, Lara bringing back that culture behind her is Tiffany Trump, Eric Trump, Donald Trump. So all the children are walking in at this moment at the US Capitol. I'm unsure of who's leading them. Actually, if, if you know, mark, just let me know in my ear. I'm not sure and Baron bringing up the back. But yeah, I, I, I think Jeff Bezos, he's been friends for a while now with Ivanka and Jared and I don't think he over inserts himself. I I think he really is just spending the rest of his money and enjoying his life. And I will say talk about did make a a some somewhat of a sacrifice before this.


Why it doesn't feel as grift as Mark Zuckerberg feels to me is because Jeff Bezos notoriously took so much flack for having published that piece. You know, he owns the Washington Post. He never really transformed the Washington Post beliefs. They were always left-leaning. But when ahead of the election he said, we are not going to endorse a candidate. And he stopped the editorial staff from endorsing Kamala Harris and then publish an op-ed explaining his position about how they're not taken seriously. I took that to be a tremendous, it took a lot of humility for someone of his financial stature to do that, to humble himself and to say, we look like fools.


We need to stop doing this. And this is why nobody believes us. And So I think I, I gave Jeff Bezos a plus in my book. And so yeah, it's interesting to see what kind of a message that is signaling to have Mark Zuckerberg be in this very small circle of people. I'm not fond of it, but maybe some people are. I'll be interested to see your guys' comments on that. Also, something that is worth talking about is who was snubbed. Okay, so last night it made the rounds. So the story broke that President Zelensky was begging to be here. 'cause you know, he's so busy. Oh, there he is in his military fatigues with our welfare queen. We gotta get, we gotta put a crown on his head. Our welfare queen. No one has done welfare is no one has been more of a welfare rat than President Zelensky.


And of course he always, he wants to be everywhere. Remember he begged to be invited to the Academy Awards, or was it the Grammys? And he attended one and didn't attend the other. I got, please let me go to the Oscars. I am, I'm obviously facing a very serious war and you see me wearing military fatigues all the time, don't you believe me? And so what we are, are, are seeing is President Trump is sending a strong message that he's listening to people about how tired we are of being involved in these overseas conflicts by simply ignoring him, just ignoring President Zelensky. And that rumor, by the way, came from Don Trump Jr. He said, he basically said, do we have the tweet from Don Trump? I know If it was a tweet or just a, a message that he sent, but that was trending last night.


Yeah. Here's Don Trump Jr. On Instagram. He wrote, the funniest part is that he asked for an invite like three times unofficially. And each time got turned down. Now he's acting like he decided not to go himself. What a weirdo. And he was responding to Newsweek, which published a piece from Zelensky where he said, I can't come to the inauguration, especially during the war unless President Trump invites me personally. I'm not sure it's proper to come because I know that in general, leaders are for some reason not usually invited to the inauguration of the presidents of the United States of America. It's just so pathetic. He's so, he's so pick me. He's like, oh, 'cause I'm at war. Meanwhile, he did a three hour podcast with Lex Friedman in which they were trying to make him likable to the American people.


And it did not work. So I think Trump did the right thing there. Also, here we have, there's Jared Kushner. He's just sitting down next to Laura Trump again. We have Lauren Sanchez behind him in the second row with Zuckerberg, his wife Jeff Bezos looking happy. He got his blowup doll. His life's great. Jeff Bezos life is just absolutely fantastic and he knows it. But yeah, so it's interesting to see that he did not invite President Zelensky despite him begging because it would've sent the wrong message. He made the right call there. And it's also very interesting and of note that he als he President Trump allegedly snubbed Bibb Netanyahu. And I'm going to say this is a relationship to watch here is the sense that I get, I get that.


And again, I have no, I have no insight on this. So I am speaking purely just off of intuition, but I get that Trump made a deal with a figurative devil in terms of accepting a hundred million dollars from Miriam Adelson, her explicit aim to, do we have him, is he walking out right now or are they just getting ready for him to walk out? Oh, it's, it's Vice President Pence that is just appearing behind the curtain. Don't worry guys, we will cut to the live feed when President Trump speaks. He's due to speak, I think in, in about 40 minutes. So we should have some time. But we do have Vice President Pence walking out right now and of interest as everyone stands up and applauds him and that his wife is missing. So that is interesting.


I do not know where Mrs. Pence is. And I actually don't remember, was she at the funeral as well? Mark, you can maybe let me know in my ear whether or not she was at President Carter's funeral. Karen Pence. She was. Okay. So she is, she is noticeably absent. And obviously this was something to watch because they had friction and Pence had announced that he was going to intend the inauguration. But he did make a little bit of a, a, a jibe when he made that announcement on Twitter. 'cause he said something about the peaceful transfer of power. Oh, guys, stop. Killer Clinton is walking in. Oh shoot, I don't want her to see me. Can she see me?


Okay, I gotta duck. I don't want her to see me. I do not want on that list. And she's with Bill Clinton. And I will say this, there's something still likable about Bill Clinton. I just can't, I can't hate him. I can't, I don know what it is. It's because he just seems happy all the time and we know that the relationship is not real. And he's, he's always been nice to everyone in their faces. Whereas Hillary has been snipy and has been rude and has been dishonest and has really made herself molded herself into such an unlikeable character on the world stage. No one feels that way about Bill. So I'm just, I'm not gonna pretend to hate on Bill Clinton. It's just weird. I, and I don't know, it's just do you guys feel that the Bill Clinton effect versus Hillary, where you see her and you're like, eh, you know, he's just as involved, but like, you're still kind of like, nah, okay, whatever.


It's Bill Clinton. So they have just walked in. So I was not expecting that. I would imagine then what is going to happen now is Obama is probably going to walk in pretty soon. Oh, nope. First we've got the bushes again. Oops. Karen Pence not being there is quite strange. But we do have George Bush Jr. Walking in. That of course was to be expected. Let's see who else we have, we can cut to this. So I wanna see if the, if we're gonna get Obama next and whether or not Michelle will be there, the rumors are that she will not be there. And that would be, again, just as notable as Karen Pence not being there. Karen Pence is sending a strong signal. And that signal is that she does not like Trump.


I would say Karen, Karen has not forgiven him. Okay, who is it? It's gotta be Obama, right? That's exciting. I don't know who's behind the curtain, Ladies and gentlemen. The 44th president of the United States, the Honor, Barack h Obama, Trump's boy just arrived. Remember? They were just dapping up at President Carter's funeral. But once again, Michelle Obama is missing, guys, this is a loud absence. This is a very loud absence. So let's, let's not pretend that we don't have something going on here because you can't keep saying that she's just away and that she's busy.


These are essentially, these are events you have to be at. There's no, I'm busy. You don't have a job, right? You guys, you don't have a job. There's no reason for Michelle Obama not to be here and also not to be at President Carter's funeral. Again, a very loud absence behind Barack Obama. By the way, we have Dana White absolutely love Dana White. He's a fantastic individual. I can't believe she's not showing up. What do you guys think? Do you think that it it's real like they're actually getting divorced? There have been some rumblings about that. The Chief Justice of the United States, the honorable John G. Roberts Jr. And there we go, the Associate Justices of the Supreme Court of the United States, Our Supreme Court justices walking out right now.


Honestly, truly, I don't know what would've happened to this country if, if Trump, when he was in office the first time was not able to elect so many people to the bench. Truly, IIII shudder to think about what would've happened to this country, the fake Ram Swami we see in the background there, there were some rumors, by the way, which we can discuss later, that Doge is already falling apart. That Vive Ram Swami was on his way out. Trump says that's not true, that he's still a part of it, but apparently there was already some friction in the Department of Government efficiency. Okay? I think it might be Trump. Hold on silence.


You could drop a pin. Oh, no. Music for these people can't quite make out who that is at the moment. Who is this again? Lemme check the, someone said that the music sounds like circus music. Yeah, I don't know about that music. I kind of agree with you. It is a big, big carnival. We all wait with bated breath. It's got, it's gotta be Trump and Melania.


Come on. It would be too much if it wasn't. It's Jill Biden. Oh my gosh, guys, I'm not being funny. I legit forgot about Jill and Joe Biden. Like, that's not normal. That's just completely not normal. I was like, yeah, we gotta see Obama. And the next obviously is going to be President Trump. I just completely forgot about the fact that the Bidens obviously have to be there, that Jill Biden will make an appearance.


We have the kids walking out right now. Ivanka looks fantastic. She's always very well put together. And of course, how could I forget? Jill and Joe will have to walk out before President Trump and Melania. Okay. See what I mean? Look, look at Bill Clinton. He just looks really happy all the time. I don't know. He's a happy old man.


Baron Trump looks like he will step on Elon Musk. Yep. He just nodded at me. He said, yep, I will do that if I need to. There's Kai Trump. She's been a bit of a sensation on TikTok. That's Don Trump junior's daughter who seems to have come of age and is posting a lot of content about her granddad behind the scenes, which people seem to be very much enjoying. I get they put the shortest person and the tallest person next to each other. That works for me.


Okay, well, we can, while they're just playing music and standing, we, I'll just say so. Yeah. So a a notable absence here obviously is BB net and Yahoo. Now these could have been rumors, they weren't confirmed, but I think this is something to watch. There seems to be some friction. And my prediction is Trump did a figurative deal with the devil. He took a hundred million dollars. He's going to have to give them some insurances, some positions, whatever it is. But I I I, his personality is not going to gel well with Bebe Netanyahu's personality. You instantly saw this this past week. Trump announces that there's going to be a ceasefire. People wanted to have the ceasefire applauded it, and then BB Netanyahu kind of gives a speech like pish posh. It's not really a ceasefire, it's temporary. And then we're gonna get more weapons and money than ever before. He is asserting to the world that I'm still in control.


I felt BB Netanyahu was saying that. And So I think we're gonna see a lot more about that. What we'll discuss that in a minute.


Before Trump walks out, I'm gonna remind you guys about Good Ranchers. The episode is sponsored by Good Ranchers. When you buy meat from Good Ranchers, you're directly supporting local farms and ranchers in the us. You're also avoiding imported meat and the chaos of grocery stores. Good Ranchers delivers high quality 100% American meat straight to your door. So you can start 2025 with better choices, better meals, and better moments at home. Right now, visit Good Ranchers dot com and use my code Candace and you'll claim claim $25 off free express shipping and your choice of free ground beef, chicken, or salmon in every order for an entire year. So if spending more time with your family and spending less money on going out to eat and enjoying quality, nutritious American food is on your resolution this year, then you can be sure to visit Good Ranchers dot com. Use my code can today for meat and the the meat will be delivered to your door. Just like that. Good Ranchers dot com American Meat delivered.


All right, do you wanna cut back into the, do we have anybody walking out at this moment? Cut back into our feed. Oh, we're back to our drop a pin silence. And again, I, for Dr. Jill Biden and Mr. Douglas, and They're still saying, Dr. Guys, I'm really sorry. They're still saying, doctor, oh my God, I didn't recognize him. That's Doug Emh. How strange that these people were just in the White House and like, if I walked into Doug at the deli, I'd be like, Hey, just walked into a random guy at the deli. Can you pass me the ham? Like this would be, if he was literally behind the counter, I wouldn't be like Doug Emh h it just, it just feels like we had a fake presidency. It's just so strange.


It was, it was like watching a show. It was like an episode of Dark Mirror, I mean a black mirror. It was super dark. And it's so interesting that so many people around the world are watching this inauguration. I saw somebody in the chat that commented that they feel hopeful and they're watching from Africa. They feel hopeful and they're watching from, from Asia because America is still seen as a beacon of light. And unfortunately, that beacon of light felt as if it was significantly darkened over these last four years as we felt the squeeze of censorship on speech, the squeeze of censorship across social media platforms. And it was still something that we're dealing with, by the way. And we're gonna talk about all of that things that we should look forward to after we hear from President Trump, which should be happening within the next 30 minutes.


But by the way, I, I like, I, I'm not a hater. This is probably the best that I've ever seen. The fake doctor Jill Biden look like. She's gotta drop the doctor thing, but she looks fantastic in purple. And I will say, what I like about her to be very clear, is the fact, wait, by the way, why is, I'm assuming Kamala's gonna walk out now with, with Joe Biden. But what I like about her is that she hates Kamala and that she wore red to be petty on election day. Because we all know that Jill Biden voted for Donald Trump, or, and Kamala positively hate each other. And I gotta respect that. Okay? I gotta respect that. I'm looking at you guys in the chat, watching from Canada, watching from Romania.


This person says that they are watching from France, watching from Nigeria. This is how, this is what the American election means. The the inauguration means around the world. I mean, fantastic by the way, for you guys that just throw flags, I don't know every single flag. So you gotta, you gotta write the, the country. Kenya is tuned in. Okay, now I know. Now I know the Kenyan flag. Of course we, we got the UK flag. The Swedish flagged being dropped. I know you guys are in there UK You guys are always around. By the way, Boris Johnson was apparently in attendance at the church as well, which is a, a sign of some port sort, even though I think he fumbled the ball when he was in office. Argentina, in the chat watching Australia, Haiti, I mean South Africa, Switzerland, goodness.


Look at you guys. Brazil, Poland, Hungary, Barbados and the Caribbean Islands. Jamaica, Bangladesh, Ireland, India, Chile. Look at you. This is amazing. Cameroon, Morocco, Ireland. Again. New Zealand, Trinidad, Taiwan, what are you doing here? Taiwan, this is freaking amazing. I love that so much. Scotland, the Philippines, Croatia, Rwanda, Netherlands. This is incredible Nicaragua. Guys, what are you all doing here? St. Lucia? I would've never known that flag. St. Lucia, Portugal is in the house. Russia, yes, mother Russia is here.


I saw Ukrainian flag. Just kidding. I didn't see Ukrainian flag. All Right guys, here we go. Here we go. Kamala is going to come out and she's going to announce that America will officially be unburdened by what has been, oh, Don Jr just nodding. He Heard me. He has me in his ear. Ivanka, is that Candace in your ear? So weird.


Oh, it says soon first, JD Vance will take the vice presidential oath of office. Hello. I think we can come out this for a bit until we see somebody walking out, because this just, this music is kind of depressing and I'm too hyped to listen to this music. But yes, Jill, Jill Biden, Jill doctor, fake Doctor Jill does look fantastic. I have to say she really, that outfit is, is serving her. And I don't typically like the way that she dresses. Okay, so yeah's So I was saying is something to really watch is, is recognizing that those, those people got snubbed. And I do think we are going to instantly see that relationship get tested. Trump's relationship with Bibb net and Yahoo and their fight for power, because I don't take either one of them to be people that like being told what to do.


Bibi Netanyahu is obviously gangster. You know, yesterday trending on Twitter were, I think partially 'cause I was sharing the images, but just the, the aftermath of Gaza right now. And I, I can show you some of those images. People that were calling in CS spam were specifically asking about that. I mean, this is Gaza, or they, this is, this is the response. This is just one Look at this. Okay? I, I am sorry. There just wasn't a tunnel in a child under all of this. There just wasn't at all. It's a human humanitarian crisis. And Trump is not going to have to deal with this. Obviously this happened under Biden's watch, but this happened because of America's relationship with Israel. And it's gonna be tested in a lot of ways, I think. And so, oh, Aruba in the chat, good to see you. That is something that people are watching out for. Obviously Miriam Adelson is here and in attendance, someone who I would say definitely bought herself a ticket there.


But it's gonna, it's gonna be interesting to see. Somebody said that looks like LA definitely does not look like Los Angeles. Isn't that bad. But yeah, so that's been interesting to see that these relationships, obviously I've always am so keen to just imagine. Rupert Murdoch, by the way, was also in attendance at the church. That's obviously appropriate to him being in charge of the Fox Empire. And before this, because we're dealing with the transfer of power, obviously Biden got his last minute pardons out. And would you believe, of course you would believe that one person who he pardoned was Dr. Fauci. They did nothing wrong, you guys. They did nothing wrong. I, I see them as like a criminal syndicate.


And I, I put Zuckerberg in that same category. That's why I'm not pleased that he's here today. Zuckerberg censoring information, compelling Americans to put something in their body that had not been properly tested and caused a lot of problems. None of it's okay. None of it's okay whatsoever.


Before we get to JD Vans, taking that presidential oath, guys, I'm gonna tell you why my skin looks amazing. And it's because of NIMI Skincare. The New Year is the perfect time to refresh your routine, set new intention, step into a healthier, more confident you. If you're ready to invest in Selfcare that truly makes difference, then NIMI Skincare has something special to help you greet the year with glowing skin in a renewed spirit. We're all feeling renewed. It's the inauguration day right now. If you use code Candace 10 at the checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. So whether you are treating yourself, treat yourself, or helping someone else start the new year on the right foot, this is your chance to try Mimi's luxurious skincare at a great price. Mimi Skincare is more than just a product. It's a brand that you can feel proud to support. Every item is made here in the great USA, we are so back. It reflects the values of faith, family, and freedom. If you're looking for skincare, that's extra gentle. NIMI also has a line of clean formulas that are free of fragrance and other potential irritants. Like I need that all the time right now 'cause I'm pregnant. A thoughtful choice for anyone that's seeking a gentler approach with these effective products. It will help you begin the new year feeling confident, revitalize, and ready to take on your goals. So you guys visit NIMI skincare.com.


Okay, let's get back into this. Oh, there she is. There she is. Oh my God. Okay, I am so glad we got back into this. It's Melania. So you guys know I'm not a person. I, you know, desperately wants to be friends with anybody. I'm a very confident person, but I, I wanna say this right now, I am desperate to be best friends with Melania Trump. I just want to be the person that she calls. Look at her, look at her. Stop what you're doing. Look at that hat. I just, I want, she, you know what she, I told you, she's got like a cat personality. I love cats because cats don't love me. And that's how I feel. My relationship with Melania is. It's, it's toxic, but there's a lot of love. And I just wanna chase her around. I'm like, here, here, here. Melania, here Melania. And she's like, I don't know you. I don't know you.


I did one time. I have to brag every time I did speak with her, I did indeed when it, it was midterms, midterms of Trump's first term. And I sat next to her in a chair and we had a conversation and she was super brilliant. And she was super kind and she was whip it smart. And so I'm, I tell people that her and I are very close and we're not. It's a lie. But I'm gonna go with that because I, I believe that you can speak certain things into existence. And Melania, this is my best friend right now. She didn't, she didn't invite me, but we are best friends and she is clearly getting ready to walk out. And I should have mentioned obviously Usha as well.


Usha Vance. People were speaking about her last night. She was wearing Oscar dea. Oh, America, please welcome the Armed Forces Chorus and America's tenor, Christopher d Macchio. Do you guys wanna watch this performance? You guys let me know in the chat. You guys wanna watch this? You want me to keep talking to you watching from Germany? Yes. I love Germany. Germany in the house. Here we go. Nigeria in the house. Nigeria's always in the house. You guys know I'm Nigeria.


I hear you calling me People. Yes. No, yes, no, both. Let's watch. But also let him sing in the background. Candace, keep talking. Okay? I feel bad. This guy's definitely not gonna be a CandaceOwens fan. I if I talk through his performance, probably been working on this all week. Okay? I'll give you guys since it's like yes and nos. I'll just give you me. America, There we go.


You guys, that's what you wanted. Australia in the house. Bahamas for Trump, Tanzania in the house, Italy. Amazing people asking if Kiir Starer was invited. No, definitely Kiir Starer was not invited at all. Just that. Again, not I, I I, I do not think he was gonna be invited. I don't know. Maybe he was. What'd you say, mark? Okay, we have it guys. We have Joe Biden walking out with Kamala. Joe just never looks like he knows what's going on. It looks like Kamala is speaking under her breath to him. It is sad because you can see it in his gait again. Like I hesitate to make fun of Joe Biden because obviously I've had a grandparent that has suffered with this.


And we've all been saying these are early onset symptoms. But the reason why we have to speak about it and not feel ashamed is because they were unabashedly ashamed and just throwing him in our faces and pretending he was president for four years. And that's what I said. It really felt like America had become a show, a truly puppet, a puppet show. JD V looks determined he is, is walking out now by himself very shortly, will take the oath of office. I'm actually quite keen to get him on the show, by the way. Flesh out his ideas. 'cause obviously he will be considered a strong candidate for 2028. And so learning a bit more about JD Vance, looking more into the future, I think would be interesting to have a discussion about him and his background and who he is.


He was fantastic on Joe Rogan. And he seems well-liked. This is by the way, singing Christopher Macho Macchio Macho. I don't know you Italians in the chat. You let me know if I'm saying that right. I would say macho, macho two, two Cs maybe he's not Italian. Fantastic voice. I'm not gonna hit that note.


Puerto Rico in the house. Sorry, I was overcome with emotion. Fantastic job, Christopher. Fantastic. Oh look, it's Chucky boy. Schumer, another one of the lizards. The lizard army is descending a lot of lizards in the house today. We got Chucky boy Schumer, we got Mark Zuckerberg. I oh, Mike Johnson walking with, listen, I'm not a fan. Not a fan, sorry. I am very much team Thomas Massey on that. For those of you that are not aware of what is going on in Congress, I I'm not, I'm just not clear on why Trump is, you know, rolling around at UFC fights with Mike Johnson.


If you look at his voting record, he, he should be walking out with President Zelensky Heaven, F McCumber, Mr. John Bessler, Mrs. Kelly Johnson, Mrs. Iris, Weins Schumer, and Mrs. Jennifer Scalise. A lot of you guys have been writing to me about Chuck Schumer's wife, and that's all I'm gonna say. There he is. Number 45 and number 47. Ladies and gentlemen, let's go Trump hair looking fantastic. Lost weight. He's like, I'm so back. We're so back. This is so back determined again.


Finally, a person who can walk upstairs without tripping and falling up to Air Force One, he can get up there all by himself. Let's go Melania, my bestie. Yeah, her and I, we went to preschool together and we just have kept in touch since me and Melania. I just, I couldn't, I couldn't be there 'cause I was pregnant, but she asked me to go to walk out with her. Yeah, I actually, she was between two hats. I told her to wear that one. It looks fantastic. Melania, of course, she's standing with her son, which I told her she could 'cause I couldn't be there. So look at, like, look at the collar on that.


This is who I'm trying to be. If you guys wanna know my fashion icon is you're looking at her right there. Look at that, the bun, everything. I just, I just wanna be her. I, I just wanna be her friend so bad. Okay, here we go. Here we go. We are not going, we are not going at all. Guys. Ladies and gentlemen, escorting the president of the United States and the Vice President of the United States ranking member of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the Honorable Deb Fisher House Democratic leader, the Honorable Hakeem Jeffries and Senate Majority Secretary, the Honorable Robert Duncan.


Listen guys, Joe Biden can do it. He can do these 30 steps without tripping. You got this, Joe. Come on. Come on Joe. Jill, you know Jill, right now, doctor, fake Doctor Jill is just like, please, we practice this 60 times. Joseph, 60 times, you got this, this will be his last hail to the chief.


He has no idea where he is. Poor guy. It's like, why are all these people clapping for me? Oh, aw, they're clapping because they're just so happy you are leaving office. Truly. I I I respect that there is a lot of respect in this room, but truly he deserves none. Escorting the vice president, elect the executive director for the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies. Mr. Michael Wagner, Senate Deputy Sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, Jason Bell and House Deputy Sergeant at Arms.


Mr. Sean Keating. Let's go. America, it's happening. Let's go. World America is so back. Oh my God, somewhere in the world. All the people who are part of this dark era, they know it's over. They know it's over. Watching from Europe, mega make Europe great again. It's all starting. Expression is, okay, JD Vans, let's go.


Usha looks so proud And so happy. She looks fantastic, by the way. She also looks fantastic. How do you think him and Pence feel? I never really considered their relationship. It's gotta be weird because obviously Pence should have been a s shoe in and should have just run the Trump again. But everything got crazy with January 6th. And by the way, those will be parties that will be issued today as soon as he is sworn in. That is one of the promises that Trump is making that he will pardon all of the January 6th prisoners as he should do, because it was clearly a setup by the Feds in order to tarnish the reputation of Patriots.


Also to make Patriots fearful as we walked into what I will remember as a communist era in America, had never seen these things that we saw. For those of you that have been watching my show, we just, we never saw such a squeeze on, on American Freedom in American speech. Escorting the president-elect, the staff director for the joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies. Elizabeth Farrah, house Sergeant at Arms, the Honorable William P. McFarland, Senate sergeant at Arms and Doorkeeper, the honorable Jennifer, a Hemingway, Senate majority leader, the Honorable John Thune and the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, house Democratic leader, the Honorable Hakeem Jeffries.


There's nothing honorable about Hakeem Jeffries. And yes, I understand Trump getting behind Mike Johnson so that Hakeem Jeffries would not assume power. Please. The honorable Charles e Schumer, ranking member of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the honorable Deb Fisher and chairwoman of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies, the Honorable Amy Klobuchar, ladies and gentlemen, the president-elect of the United States, the honorable Donald John Trump.


Yay. Go for America. Let's go. This is why I, you can't bring me out. I can't go anywhere. Everyone's like, eh. I'm like, go. We're so back. We're so back. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Go. You go baby. Yeah. Woo. Yes, yes. Let's go baby. Let's go. Not make America great. Make the world great again. We're coming for you. Kiir. Starmer. We're coming for you. Zelensky.


We're coming for you. Coming for the entire eu Brussels. We know what's going on there. We're coming for you too. Okay, let's go. Let's go, let's go people. Woo, woo. Go. Yes. USAU us a u uss a yes. You didn't get this, you didn't get this When Biden West. Not everyone's in a mask. It's in a mask.


We was scared. Plague of communism was ascended upon the world. Oh, okay. I got chill. I gotta choke guys. We're getting into this. We're getting into this. All right, we, we are. Let's go, let's go. People Netherlands in the chat. Look at him. He's like, we gotta get to work right now. He said, right now that's what he's saying in JD Vans. He said, we gotta get to work. I, this is, this is taking way too long. I got orders to sign, things to do. There's a lot of immigrants in the border right now. Illegal immigrants. We gotta get all of them right now. Where's Tom Holman? This needs to go quickly. Quickly. I have work to do. Yeah, that's what I'm saying.


Okay, let's get on guys. Please welcome the chairwoman of the Joint Congressional Committee on inaugural ceremonies. The honorable Amy Klobuchar. Not that honorable. If you're watching, not that honorable. Good morning everyone. Welcome to the 60th presidential inauguration. Today, president-elect Trump and Vice President-Elect Vance will take their oaths of office and we will witness the peaceful transfer of power at the heart of our democracy.


For the past year, I've chaired the inaugural ceremony committee, which includes the leadership of Congress from both parties. We thank the committee and capital staff and law enforcement who worked so hard over the last year and especially the last three days. You've done a beautiful job and you have shown grace under pressure. Kimberly Gil, Our theme this year is our enduring democracy. Guys, see that the presence, Kimberly Gil, So many, many Presidents and vice presidents here today, Not dating Trump Jr. Is truly testament.


That's what that means. Endurance No longer engaged. We welcome President Biden and Dr. Biden. We welcome vice president her Harris and Doug. I don ask for much President Obama, president Clinton and Secretary Clinton, president Bush and Laura Bush, vice President Pence, vice President Quail and Marilyn Quail. The justices of the United States Supreme Court are with us. All nine of them I counted. And of course the Trump and Vance families. This ceremony marks what will soon be 250 years. Guys in the chat, can you put your theories on like what's going on with Michelle Obama?


'cause that's the dog that's not barking here. It's not barking. It is the moment when they become, as we all should be the guardians of our country. I can believe she A president war and peace through adversity and prosperity. She came, gotta keep my attention inauguration every four years. And today it falls on Martin Luther King day's so boring. A further reminder that we must strive to uphold the values enshrined In, in our constitution. I think she has the freedom prostate cancer and is, you are not serious into the United States Supreme Court equal justice under law.


You guys are not serious people. Okay? This is an inauguration. I asked you to tell me your theories on where Michelle Obama was. Whoever put prostate cancer, you are not a serious person. I'm very disappointed in It across the country, cut buchar, the this nation, the ordinary people doing extraordinary things. President, I really do. President Kennedy At one point worked as a senator in this Building. Love my viewers, man. You guys are hilarious. And often walk through this very rotunda once said, in a democracy, every citizen, regardless of interest in politics, holds office. Everyone of us people Think, think it's divorce is separation In a position of responsibility. With that responsibility of citizenship comes an obligation not to seek out malice as President Lincoln once reminded us, but to view others with a generosity of spirit despite our differences.


With that responsibility of leadership comes an obligation to stand our ground when we must and find common ground when we can with everything swirling around us. The hot mess of division, it is on all of us To quote an incredible songwriter who just happened to be born in my state, to ensure that our nation's democracy is our shelter from the storm. There's a reason this ceremony takes place at the capitol in other countries, it might be in a presidential palace or a gilded executive office building. Man, I feel like her speech is running five minutes too long.


The people's house, she's a, it Is a fitting Reminder, reminder Of the system of checks and balances. That is the very foundation of, I Feel like I have to show you guys this, but I'm, I'm, I'm bored with her speech. Somebody said, are the macrons there? No, I'm still waiting on the Macrons to answer my 21 questions. I don't know If you guys saw that. I published what we wrote them back some pretty basic yes or no questions, and they're obviously still working on, on the answers to that. We inaugurate. That's another thing when I say that, like the, the expression is when America sneezes the world catches a cold. And right now what we are sneezing out is freedom. You know, just all of these people that have been leading these countries in Europe and just coming after our basic rights and our basic freedoms while trying to gaslight us like this is, this is what's exciting about this moment, is that we now know that that era is coming to an end.


And that's why so many people from so many countries are watching this live stream right now. Because everyone is just excited, excited about the prospect of what is going to be the trem that is sent around the world. Like what, what are we actually going to do here? And I would say it's been very scary what we've seen happening in the uk. And I don't know If you guys are aware of this, If you follow geopolitics, but you have people that are tweeting and the police are showing up on their doors. Like this is just, this is not a world that we had ever imagined Europe. Really understanding what it means not to have free speech. I mean, obviously we're gonna get into the Emmanuel Macron story in about 10 more days. But the idea of locking up journalists, this is, it's been, there's been a cloud that has been hanging over the world over the last five to seven years.


Endurance through the years is the ultimate test to persevere through time is the truest measure of an idea, an institution and a nation. Our founders wrote the constitution so that America could withstand all the twists and turns of time. Okay. Bore with her speech too. But just, but just to say what it is that is so unique about America and, and it's interesting because you have people asking these questions of how is America able to sort of keep surviving all of these attacks? And yes, it is true, it's because of our constitution, but what what made the constitution so genius is the, the state rights, right?


So I always try to explain people, I'm like, we're actually kind of like 50 little countries and we all have our own constitution. So even when you had a place that was going so extreme throughout COD, like New York, right? Like, like New York state and the things that they were doing in New York State, and really that was kind of what was being blurred out to the rest of the world. Like this is what's happening in America. So this is what's happening everywhere. It wasn't like that in the south. And so you saw people able to just pick up and move and leave where they were to say, okay, I'm gonna leave California, I'm gonna leave New York and I'm gonna move to Tennessee, which is where my family moved to, or I'm gonna move to Texas or move to Florida where there is more freedom. And that really creates the ultimate system of checks and balances. Because if you're a state and you're behaving like a communist country, like California and New York did, you're now competing with the other many states that are saying, well, we're gonna sell freedom and we're gonna take the people that are paying taxes there.


And so there, there is a, an almost free market response to communism when it creeps into America. And obviously now we were, we were fearful of, of the government, the federal government, and now we're seeing something totally different. Hey, do you know what, what's interesting? I did not see, and you guys let me know if I'm wrong or we missed it. And he walked in earlier, but I did not see our Maha guy. I did not see RFK Junior, maybe he's sitting out in the crowd, did not see him walk in, have not actually seen him. I don't think I saw him in the church as well. So that's interesting because there was a photo where he was assembled with everyone like, you know, the Maha Mayor of Maha or the president of Maha RFK Junior, who's already putting some pressure.


That is one confirmation that absolutely must happen. But we we're already seeing, I think it's Steak and Shake, which is a fast place, a fast food place here in America. They've announced that they're bringing back beef tallow, you know, this intentional poisoning of Americans that's been going on for decades. The conversation finally having someone who is saying, no, we need to revisit vaccines and why we're giving so many vaccines, so many vaccines to children. We need to talk about what we're putting in our food. What is Monsanto? What is all of this poison that exists? And know that I am God supreme among the nations supreme on the earth. Let us pray.


Remembering General George Washington on his knees at Valley Forge, recalling Abraham Lincoln at his second inaugural with Malice Toward None, with Charity for All, with firmness in the right as God gives us to see the right remembering General George Patton's instructions to his soldiers as they began the battle of the Bul eight decades ago. Pray, pray when fighting, pray alone, pray with others. Pray by night. Pray by day. Observing the birthday of the Reverend Martin Luther King, who warned, without God our efforts turned to ashes.


We bless citizens of this one nation under God, humbled by our claim that in God we trust, gather indeed this inauguration day to pray for our president Donald J. Trump, his family, his advisors, his cabinet, his aspirations, his vice President for the Lord's blessings upon Joseph Biden. For our men and women in uniform for each other, whose hopes are stoked this new year, this inauguration day. We cannot air in relying upon that prayer from the Bible upon which our President will soon place his hand in oath as we make our own.


The supplications of King Solomon for wisdom as he began his governance, God of our fathers, in your wisdom, you set man to govern your creatures, to govern and holiness and justice, to render justice with integrity. Give our leader wisdom for he is your servant aware of your, of his own weakness and brevity of life. If wisdom which comes not from you, be not with him. He shall be held in no esteem. Send wisdom from heavens that she may be with him, that he may know your designs. Please God bless America, please mend her every flaw.


You are the God in whom we trust, who lives and reigns forever and ever. Amen. Amen. I feel like that honestly was the best speech to prayer, but that was the, that was the most energy that we've seen on stage and it's got attention. That's a cardinal of New York, Mr. President, the last four years. There are times, I'm sure you thought it was pretty dark, but look what God has done. We praise him and give him glory. I'm screaming glory to God in the background. This is, I mean, it, it really has felt, you know, I've been saying this since last year, but last year, 2023, it, it did just feel, and I know I I shouldn't say like Christ was making a comeback because Christ is always present, but it just felt like we got to a place of such darkness that suddenly we felt this light that just burst through and to, you know, even go through what we went through, even fighting to say Christ is king last year, and people around the world recognizing that for what we saw throughout the world doesn't really matter where you are at in terms of your own spiritual growth, but I feel that for so long we were thinking, oh, it's about, you know, they hate Trump or you know, they hate men.


It is a war on masculinity. It's a war on Trump, it's a war on conservatives. They hate Republicans all around the world. We thought these things and then it never became more clear in, in the last year that this was always about, this has just always been since the beginning of time. This is, this is a war on God. You know, it's just become, the world has become ungodly. What is communism? What is socialism? It is a, in, in my view, truly just a satanic response. It's, it's doing the exact opposite of everything that the Bible stipulates. Just take the Bible, you put it upside down, right? And people felt that chaos, like I said, whether or not you were spiritually driven once upon a time, your family was just a couple of generations ago.


And the further we fell away from that, the further, and I count myself among this, that we all, oh, I'm way too cool for church and God and I wanna be, you know, social and I wanna be cool at school. Whatever. We watched our society just begin to fray the fabric of our society begin to fray. And finally people are saying, I'm not ashamed to be religious. I'm not ashamed to try to get back into religion or to try to, you know, dedicate time to reading the Bible. Read it academically and things will become so crystal clear to you as to why they wanted that book removed from classrooms. Why they treated people who have a relationship with God and the way that they have been treating them. Because we are fighting real demons on earth, real demons on earth.


And I, I really hope to see in the uk, by the way, as an answer to Kara Starer, just a Christian response to it, a resurgence of, of Christianity is what we really need. That that's, that's my belief is that we've, we've lost, we fell away from faith and the faithless have have taken the wheel. If we turn our backs on you, we ask for your help. And we pray all of this in the name of the king of Kings, the Lord of Lords, your son, my savior, and our redeemer. Jesus Christ. Amen. Oh my gosh, I'm so sorry guys. I did not realize he was saying a prayer. I thought he was speaking associate justice. I would've been to administer the vice much quieter than of office.


I only recognize the priest garments. We are moment has come Brett Kavanaugh, JD Vance, his children Usha at his side. He is going to take the oath and Kamala will no longer be the vice President of the United States as soon as he is through with this, the daughter sucking her thumb Sweet.


I James David Vance, do solemnly swear I James David Vance, do solemnly swear That I'll support and defend the Constitution of the United States. That I will support and defend the constitution of the United States Against all enemies, foreign and domestic, against All enemies foreign and domestic. That I'll bear true faith, that I will bear true faith and allegiance to the same and Allegiance to the same. That I take this obligation freely That I take this obligation freely Without any mental reservation, without Any mental reservation Or purpose of evasion or Purpose of evasion, And that I will well and faithfully discharge, and That I will well and faithfully discharge The duties of the office, the duties Of the Office on which I'm about to enter on.


Which I'm about to enter. So help me God. So help Me God. Congratulations, Mr. Vice President. All right. One and done. Kamala is out by the way. She looks relieved. Kamala looks genuinely happy for him right now. I think she's just so, she hates Biden. She hates Jill. She didn't want this role. It was kind of given to her. She didn't even really wanna be president. I I genuinely, If you go back and watch that Kamala looked relieved, it is over. She is like, this is over. I can stop this song and dance pretending to be someone I'm not for four years. Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome Chief Justice Roberts to administer the presidential oath of office. It's time. Let's go.


It's coming. It's coming on. Guys, come on. Please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I, Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear, hi Donald John Trump. Do solemnly Swear that I will faithfully execute, That I will faithfully execute The office of President of the United States, The office of President of the United States, And will to the best of my ability And will to the best of my ability, Preserve, protect, and defend, Preserve, protect, and defend The Constitution of the United States, The Constitution of the United States.


So help me God. So help me God. Congratulations Mr. Woo. Let's go. Woo woo. America U us A U us a u us a u uss A-U-S-A-U-S-A. We are back. We are so back. Woo. Go. Canons go. Let's go to war people. Let's go to war with the rest of the communist world. Let's get 'em all out.


Let's get 'em all out. Trump is in. You are out here. Starver looking at you. Zelensky looking at you, Mr. And Mr. Macron. We know what's up. This evil must end. This evil must end. There it is. It's incredible. Lonnie Trump, I love you so much. Call me, call me, answer my text. Stop believing me on red. That's it. That's it. Like, it's, it's, we are, we are literally back. It's, it's just the most amazing feeling. I, I can't, I mean, I, I know that overseas you guys have felt the exact same thing. I know that you have felt it, but it was uniquely, it made us uniquely miserable here in America because we've just always been a place that has valued freedom.


And we've just never seen this before. Oh, it's not over. It's not over until the fat lady sings. By the way, I just wanted to give you guys an update. I had mentioned that I didn't see RFK Jr. My producer said that he, yeah, we did just miss him walking in at some point and that he is seated somewhere behind Don Trump Jr. So I just didn't see him. He is in the room. Me too, right now. That's how I feel. I want all to sing together.


We are so back guys. That is, that is, it's just amazing. I wonder what he's gonna say in his speech. We're at the edge of our, our seats. What is he going to say in his speech? What if he just goes like dark maga? You know what I mean? He just starts calling everybody out. We're so back. You're out. You can't sit with us And you here to tell you, Okay guys, I'm just gonna give you a couple of updates while we have this shaky cam thing situation happening.


So First and foremost, okay, minutes before his term was set to end an update here, Biden has announced that he is pardoning several members of his family. 'cause they did nothing wrong. My friends, including his brother, James Biden, his sister-in-law, Sarah Biden, his sister, Valerie Biden Owens, his brother-in-law, John T. Owens, like, what? What were you guys up to? No one's like, I'm gonna pardon my brother-in-law. No one even thinks about that person and his brother Francis Biden, according to the pardon document, Biden is pardoning his siblings and all of his siblings in law for any nonviolent offenses against the United States, which they may have committed or taken part in during the period again, from January 1st, 2014 through the date of this.


Pardon you guys again, that year in which we got involved in Ukraine, and we obviously had been telling you forever that it was a corrupt Biden regime was the reason, like what we were doing in Ukraine had nothing to do with Vladimir Putin. And rather business interests that were secured by the Biden family. And if that, If you need more evidence of that, who in the history of the United States has parted brother and sisters in laws like, well, why? What are they involved in? And so Biden really got out these last minute pardons after four years of rhetoric against the Trump family saying he would never pardon his son. He would never, he would, you know, justice and must be served no matter who the person is. No person is above the law. And it turns out that we've got a lot of people that are now above the law, a lot of people, and they all happen to be members of his family.


So that really is something that really is something Christ was born. The I can't wait until AI gets to a point where it can give us thought bubbles and we can see literally what someone is thinking. I just wanna know what Trump is thinking right now.


I wanna know what Melania is thinking. I wanna know what all of them are thinking right now. You know what? But we know Melania is thinking, she's thinking, I do not like half the people in this room. And I told him not to invite them because she's a real one. She's a real one. And after, after Trump gives his inaugural inaugural address, he will bid farewell to Presidents Joe Biden to Vice President Kamala Harris.


He'll then visit the overflow crowd, which will be at the Emancipation Hall, and he'll participate in a ceremony in the president's signing room, and then he will have a presidential luncheon and then he will return to the Emancipation Hall for a review of the troops. So it's gonna be a very, very busy day. By the way, there are some presidents from other countries that are in attendance or that are maybe not in the room, but they are. They are in the rotunda. Now we've got the Italian premier, Georgia Maloney. She is in the room as well as Argentinian President, Javier Malay Miler. Malay. I know a lot of people love him. I got, I don't know, I get weird vibes about him. I don't think any person is that excitable.


So we'll see about that. But that lets you know that the people who were not invited, it's not because as Zelensky said, oh, they don't typically invite people. No, actually, he made an executive decision not to invite you. President Trump does not like you, so you have to just accept that KY no one wanted you here. It's my honor and pleasure to introduce to you the 45th and the 47th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. Woo. Here we go.


Here we go. Thank you. Thank you very much, everybody. Well thank you very, very much. Vice President Vance, speaker Johnson, Senator Thune, chief Justice Roberts Justices of the United States Supreme Court, president Clinton, president Bush, president Obama, president Biden, vice President Harris and my fellow citizens, the golden age of America begins right now.


From this day forward, our country will flourish and be respected again all over the world. We'll be the envy of every nation, and we will not allow ourselves to be taken advantage of any longer. During every single day of the Trump administration, I will very simply put America first. Our sovereignty will be reclaimed, our safety will be restored. The scales of justice will be rebalanced.


The vicious, violent, and unfair weaponization of the Justice Department and our government will end. And our top priority will be to create a nation that is proud, prosperous, and free. America will soon be greater, stronger, and far more exceptional than ever before I return to the presidency.


Confident and optimistic that we are at the start of a thrilling new era of national success. A tide of change is sweeping the country. Sunlight is pouring over the entire world, and America has the chance to seize this opportunity like never before. But first, we must be honest about the challenges we face. While they are plentiful, they will be annihilated by this great momentum that the world is now witnessing in the United States of America. As we gather today, our government confronts a crisis of trust. For many years, a radical and corrupt establishment has extracted power and wealth from our citizens.


While the pillars of our society lay broken and seemingly incomplete disrepair, we now have a government that cannot manage even a simple crisis at home, while at the same time stumbling into a continuing catalog of catastrophic events abroad. It fails to protect our magnificent law abiding American citizens, but provide sanctuary and protection for dangerous criminals. Many from prisons and mental institutions that have illegal entered our country from all over the world. We have a government that has given unlimited funding to the defense of foreign borders, but refuses to defend American borders or more importantly, its own people.


Yep. Our country can no longer deliver basic services in times of emergency. As recently shown by the wonderful people of North Carolina been treated so badly And other states who are still suffering from a hurricane that took place many months ago or more recently, Los Angeles, where we're watching fires still tragically burned burn from weeks ago without even a token of defense. They're raging through the houses and communities even affecting some of the wealthiest and most powerful individuals in our country.


Some of whom are sitting here right now, they don't have a home any longer. That's interesting. But we can't let this happen. Everyone is unable to do anything about it That's going to change. We have a public health system that does not deliver in times of disaster, yet more money is spent on it than any country anywhere in the world. Yep. And we have an education system that teaches our children to be ashamed of themselves in many cases, to hate our country despite the love that we try so desperately to provide to them. All of this will change starting today, and it will change very quickly.


Let's go. My recent election is a mandate to completely and totally reverse a horrible betrayal and all of these many betrayals that have taken place and to give the people back their faith, their wealth, their democracy, and indeed their freedom. From this moment on, America's decline is over. Yes, let's go call not by name. Trump Power liberties and our nation's glorious destiny will no longer be denied and we will immediately restore the integrity, competency, and loyalty of America's government.


Over the past eight years, I have been tested and challenged more than any president in our 250 year history. That is true, and I've learned a lot along the way. The journey to reclaim our republic has not been an easy one. That I can tell you those who wish to stop our cause have tried to take my freedom and indeed to take my life. Yep. Just a few months ago in a beautiful Pennsylvania field, an assassin's bullet ripped through my ear, but I felt then and believe even more so now that my life was saved for a reason.


I was saved by God to make America great again. Amen. And we still don't know anything about the shooter. By the way, they tried to kill this man twice. Twice. Okay. I just got chills thinking about that. He's standing on this stage right now despite all of those odds on the golf course in Pennsylvania. Look at Melania. She's looking at, she don't trust nobody. She's just given the side eye to Hillary Clinton, thank you very, I don't trust anybody in that room, but more on your Trump. That's how I feel. That's where I'm at right now. That is why each day under our administration of American Patriots, we will be working to meet every crisis with dignity and power and strength.


We will move with purpose and speed to bring back hope, prosperity, safety, background bill and use for citizens of every race, religion, color, and create for American citizens. January 20th, 2025 is Liberation Day. Yes. Let's go said Libran. Nolo. It is my hope that our recent presidential election will be remembered as the greatest and most consequential election in the history of our country. As our victory showed the entire nation is rapidly unifying behind our agenda with dramatic increases in support from virtually every element of our society.


Young and old men and women, African Americans, Hispanic Americans, Asian Americans, urban, suburban, rural, and very importantly, we had a powerful win in all seven swing states and the popular vote we won by millions of people to the black and Hispanic communities. I want to thank you for the tremendous outpouring of love and trust that you have shown me with your vote. We set records and I will not forget it. I've heard your voices in the campaign and I look forward to working with you in the years to come.


Today is Martin Luther King Day and his honor, this will be a great honor. But in his honor, we will strive together to make his dream a reality. We will make his dream come true. Also, tell us who shot him. So we're a great day to release the MK files. You know who shot him, but you know, as a formality, tell us who shot him. Thank you. Thank you. And half the people knew applaud or the Correct organizations. National unity is now returning to America and confidence and pride is soaring like never before in everything we do, my administration will be inspired by a strong pursuit of excellence and unrelenting success.


We will not forget our country. We will not forget our constitution and we will not forget our God. Can't do that Is the most I've heard him mention God, these chiefs changed that changed him. Today I will sign a series of historic executive orders. With these actions, we will begin the complete restoration of America and the revolution of common sense. It's all about common sense. First, I will declare a national emergency at our southern border.


Amen. Yes. You gotta go home. You gotta pack it up. You gotta pack it up, Pedro. Everyone's gotta go right now. You're going home. Get excited on those same flights that Biden brought you in. You're gonna go out. I don't hear any tears. Oh my God, you just got here. Okay. You gotta go home. You gotta go home right now. So wherever you're hiding, Tom Holman's gonna find you. Okay. All illegal entry will immediately be halted and we will begin the process of returning millions and millions of criminal aliens back to the places from which they came. Yes. We will reinstate my remain in Mexico policy.


I will end the practice of catch and release. Yep. And I will send troops to the southern border to repel the disastrous invasion of our country. Yes. In Poland, they shoot them. If you sh, it's it's, they literally shoot them. And then people don't come to board anymore. Under the borders I signed today, we will also be designating the cartels as foreign terrorists. Terrorist organizations. Yes. We're gonna find out maybe that maybe some people in federal government have something to do with the protest. I'm just saying I've looked into some federal government history and it's not pretty.


Talk about what you're gonna do with the FBI And CIN and by invoking the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, I will direct our government to use the full and immense power of federal and state law enforcement to eliminate the presence of all foreign gangs and criminal networks bringing devastating crime to US soil, including our cities and inner cities. As commander in chief, I have no higher responsibility than to defend our country from threats and invasions.


Correct. And that is exactly what I am going to do. We will do it at a level that nobody's ever seen before. Next, I will direct all members of my cabinet to Marshall the vast powers at their disposal to defeat what was record inflation and rapidly bring down costs and prices. You heard that. And all Abiding the inflation crisis was caused by massive overspending and escalating energy prices. And that is why today I will also declare a national energy emergency. We will drill baby drill.


Yes. Guys, you have to look at Bill, bill Clinton. He's just like exceptionally happy. But yes, make us energy independent. Absolutely no reason that we aren't. America will be a manufacturing nation once again. And we have something that no other manufacturing nation will ever have the largest amount of oil and gas of any country on earth. And we are going to use it. Thank you. Lemme Use it. Sorry. Elon Musk. Your electric car Not happening. We'll bring prices down, fill our strategic reserves up again right to the top and export American energy all over the world.


We will be a rich nation again. And it is that liquid gold under our feet that will help to do it with my actions today. We will end the Green New Deal and we will revoke the electric vehicle mandate, saving our auto industry and keeping my sacred pledge to our great American auto workers. Cut to Elon Musk. I wanna see his face on that because I'm not on his like everyone will be driving an electric car. Nope. Nope. Not me. Sorry. Not handing that control over to the government. In other words, you'll be able to buy the car of your choice. We will build automobiles in America again at a rate that nobody could have dreamt possible just a few years ago.


And thank you to the auto workers of our nation for your inspiring vote of confidence. We did tremendously with their vote. I will immediately begin the overhaul of our trade system to protect American workers and families. Instead of taxing our citizens to enrich other countries, we will tariff and tax foreign countries to enrich our citizens. What an idea For this purpose. We are establishing the external revenue service.


Yeah, I love that. To collect all tariffs, duties and revenues that will be massive amounts of money pouring into our treasury coming from foreign sources. The American dream will soon be back and thriving like never before. To restore competence and effectiveness to our federal government. My administration will establish the brand new department of government efficiency. Yes. Shrink government. That is the mandate that's we're putting you in office for. Get rid of all of these useless jobs.


After years and years of illegal and unconstitutional federal efforts to restrict free expression, I will also sign an executive order to immediately stop all government censorship and bring back free speech to America. Yep. And that's why TikTok got restored last night. You saw the Tate brothers were put on, put back onto tape. Everyone understands now they understand the social media companies, my YouTube channel getting re monetized all overnight. This all just happened overnight because they understand now that this, the era, the regime of censorship is over. The power of the state be weaponized to persecute political opponents.


Something I know something about. We will not allow that to happen. It will not happen again under my leadership. We will restore fair, equal, and impartial justice under the constitutional rule of law. And we are going to bring law and order back to our cities this week. I will also end the government policy of trying to socially engineer race and gender into every aspect of public and private life.


Yes. Yes. We will forge a society that is colorblind and merit based as of today. It will henceforth be the official policy of the United States government that there are only two genders, male and female. It's crazy. This even needs to be said on stage and applauded for. It's just crazy like Yeah, there's, yeah.


There's only two genders. Sorry, Rachel Levine. Sorry. Sam Brink. This week I will reinstate any service members who were unjustly expelled from our military for objecting to the Covid vaccine mandate with full back pain. Wow. That's huge. Wow. Yes. Unbelievable experimenting on their bodies. And They're doing that forever. And I will sign in order to stop our warriors from being subjected to radical political theories and social experiments while on duty it's going to end immediately. Yes.


I love this you guys. The history of what they've done to our troops is so dark. Our Armed forces will be freed to focus on their soul mission defeating America's enemies. America's enemies. Okay. Zelensky na Bibi Netanyahu's. America's enemies. Let's go. Like in 2017, we will again build the strongest military the world has ever seen.


We will measure our success not only by the battles we win, but also by the wars that we end. And perhaps most importantly, the wars we never get into. Yes. Thank you. Stop involving us. Stop letting our our boys die overseas in foreign countries fighting for countries that would never fight for them or send a single troop for them. Yes. Respect our troops and just so sick. Sick of the way they have been treated. My proudest legacy will be that of a peacemaker and unifier. That's what I wanna be. A peacemaker. And a unifier. I Believe that. I'm pleased to say that as of yesterday, one day before I assumed office, the hostages in the Middle East are coming back home to their families.


Okay. I'm not gonna comment about how I feel about the fact that like speaking about American troops didn't get a ovation from everyone behind him. Thank you. We have to also prioritize Our troops. America will reclaim its rightful place as the greatest, most powerful, most respected nation on earth. Inspiring the awe and admiration of the entire world. A short time from now, we are going to be changing the name of the Gulf of Mexico to the Gulf of America. And we will restore the name of a great president, William McKinley, to Mount McKinley where it should be and where it belongs.


Wow. You serious. President McKinley made our country very rich through tariffs and through talent. He was a natural businessman and gave Teddy Roosevelt the money for many of the great things he did, including the Panama Canal, which has foolishly been given to the country of Panama after the United States. United States. I mean, think of this, spent more money than ever spent on a project before and lost 38,000 lives in the building of the Panama Canal.


We have been treated very badly from this foolish gift that should have never been made. Yeah. It's coming back. And Panama promised to us has been broken. The purpose of our deal and the spirit of our treaty has been totally violated. American ships are being severely overcharged and not treated fairly in any way, shape or form. And that includes the United States Navy. And above all, China is operating the Panama Canal. And we didn't give it to China, we gave it to Panama. And we're taking it back. It's ours. It's over. I could hear it in his tone. It's the most fired up he's been.


It's the American canal again. Okay. It's the American canal. I'm sorry if there's any Panama people in the chat. It's ours. It's ours. I'm sorry. Yeah. 66 k watching. Let's go guys. This is awesome. Above all, my message to Americans today is that it is time for us to once again act with courage, vigor, and the vitality of history's greatest civilization. So as we liberate our nation, we will lead it to new heights of victory and success. We will not be deterred together we will end the chronic disease epidemic and keep our children safe, healthy, and disease free.


The United States will once again consider itself a growing nation. One that increases our wealth, expands our territory, builds our cities, raises our expectations, and carries our flag into new and beautiful horizons. And we will pursue our manifest destiny into the stars. Launching American astronauts to plant the stars and stripes on the planet Mars Up speech, Ambition.


Yay. Tucker is the life tucker, the lifeguard of a great nation. And right now our nation is more ambitious than any other. There's no nation like our nation. Americans are explorers, builders, innovators, entrepreneurs, and pioneers. The spirit of the frontier is written into our hearts. The call of the next great adventure resounds from within our souls. Our American ancestors turned a small group of colonies on the edge of a vast continent, into a mighty republic of the most extraordinary citizens on earth.


No one comes close. Americans push thousands of miles through a rugged land of untamed wilderness. They crossed deserts, scaled mountains, braved, untold dangers, won the wild West, ended slavery, rescued millions from tyranny, lifted billions from poverty, harnessed electricity, split the atom, launched mankind into the heavens, and put the universe of human knowledge into the palm of the human hand. If we work together, there is nothing we cannot do and no dream we cannot achieve. Many people thought it was impossible for me to stage such a historic political comeback.


But as you see today, here I am. The American people have spoken. Indeed we have. We have spoken. That's exactly right. I stand before you now as proof that you should never believe that something is impossible to do in America. The impossible is what we do best.


From New York to Los Angeles, from Philadelphia to Phoenix, from Chicago to Miami, from Houston to right here in Washington DC our country was forged and built by the generations of Patriots who gave everything they had for our rights and for our freedom. They were farmers and soldiers, cowboys and factory workers, steel workers and coal miners, police officers and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward and let no obstacle defeat their spirit or their pride. Together they laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism and triumphed over every single challenge that they faced.


After all we have been through together, we stand on the verge of the four greatest years in American history. With your help, we will restore America promise and we will rebuild the nation that we love. And we love it so much. We are one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. So to every parent who dreams for their child and every child who dreams for their future, I am with you. I will fight for you and I will win for you. Going to win like never before. For Thank you, thank you, Thank you.


In recent years, our nation has suffered greatly. But we are going to bring it back and make it great again. Greater than ever before, we will be a nation like no other full of compassion, courage, and exceptionalism. Our power will stop all wars and bring a new spirit of unity to a world that has been angry, violent, and totally unpredictable. America will be respected again and admired again, including by people of religion, faith, and goodwill. We will be prosperous, we will be proud, we will be strong. And we will win like never before, we will not be conquered.


We will not be intimidated, we will not be broken, and we will not fail. From this day on the United States of America, we'll be a free, sovereign, and independent nation. We will stand bravely, we will live proudly. We will dream boldly. And nothing will stand in our way because we are Americans. The future is ours and our golden age has just begun. Thank you. God bless America. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. It's done. We're done. We're back. Honestly, that was an incredible speech.


And I'll tell you why. First and foremost, he was much more subdued in the beginning than I anticipated for him to be. I didn't expect him to be so calm, collected, and in control. He got probably the most fired up talking about Panama. So it's just over. By the way, if there's any people from Pan Panama in the chat, you just like, you gotta, it's just accept that that's ours. You could see he really meant what he was saying. He does not like a bad business deal. He does not like when Americans are being treated poorly and yet paying the cost to be treated poorly. So you can sense that sincerity. I also think when he speaks and he says that he really wants to, to, to bring peace upon the world, I, I think he, he genuinely means that he does not wanna be involved in overseas conflicts. I, that was one of the reasons that I was compelled to vote for him among the litany of reasons why I was compelled to vote for him.


Sorry, I just wanna see who, who's taking the stage right now? Oh, is that Carrie Underwood looking fantastic. I love her so much. Neighbor of mine, by the way. Fantastic human being. She really is. And I have no idea why liberals thought that Carrie Underwood was a liberal. I just, that's just the craziest thing I've ever heard. Or she goes, we're gonna actually not interrupt this. 'cause I am a Carrie Underwood Stan until she's nervous.


She's actually, by the way, quite, she's very shy in person. She's a very shy person. So for her to do this and to take all the mudslinging that she's endured, I'll tell you that probably it was not easy for her. She's likes to, is there music that we can't hear that they can hear? Maybe they're having some technical issues. Not the best time for technical issues after you say America's back. But you know, these things happen sometimes anyways as they're resolving that, you know, just a, a really strong speech.


He, he, I felt like we were kind of going up an escalator and he was getting more fired up as he began to speak and you know, just hit all of the right buttons. He understands the mandate that was sent. And I think really the biggest thing, obviously just being what he survived. I mean, I think that was obviously the most emotional part of the entire speech. Realizing that they tried to imprison him, tried to kill him. Oh, beautiful. For Just don't get no music. Like only carry Underwood could For purple God on the and from shine.


Wow. Chills with that music malfunction. And Carrie Underwood just went acapella, like only she could. She was like, I don't need no music. I'm Carrie Underwood. That's also what we're getting. We're getting real musicians back. You hear that? That's also the mandate. He almost said it, but real music is coming back now. These stupid pop singers. Now you sing like Carrie Underwood. Step aside, America's Back. I wanna hear you acapella or you're gone. New rules. New American Idol mandate right there. Thank you. Carry onward for giving that to us. Ladies and gentlemen, Senator Fisher will now introduce the benediction clergy. Oh, Benedictine clergy. I now call, I'm Rabbi Ari Berman, pastor Lorenzo Sewell and Reverend Frank Mann.


To provide prayers of benediction, Your prophet Jeremiah walked the streets of Jerusalem and blessed its inhabitants with the Hebrew words. Blessed is the one who trusts in God thousands of years later, this great nation which adopted these words as its motto in God, we trust stands at a moment of historic opportunity.


Americans are searching for meaning. Our merciful Father, help us rise to meet this moment. Bless President Donald J. Trump and Vice President JD Vance, with the strength and courage to choose the right and the good. Unite us around our foundational biblical values of life and liberty of service and sacrifice, and especially of faith and morality, which George Washington called the indispensable supports of American prosperity. Guide our schools and college campuses which have been experiencing such unrest to inspire the next generation to pair progress with purpose, knowledge with wisdom and truth, with virtue.


Hear the cry of the hostages, both American and Israeli, whose pain our president so acutely feels. We are so thankful for the three young women who yesterday returned home and pray that the next four years brings peace to Israel. And throughout the Middle East Almighty God grant all Americans the opportunity to realize our share dream of a life filled with peace and plenty health and happiness, compassion and contribution stir within us the confidence to rise to this moment for while we trust in God, God's trust is in us, the American people.


America is called to greatness, to be a beacon of light and a mover of history. May our nation merit the fulfillment of Jeremiah's blessing, the like a tree planted by water. We shall not cease to bear fruit. May all of humanity experience your love and your blessing. May it be thy will. And let us say a amen. Let us pray for our 47th President. Heavenly Father, we're so grateful that you gave our 45th and now our 47th President a millimeter miracle.


We are grateful that you are the one that have called him for such a time as this, that America would begin to dream again. We pray that we would fulfill the true meaning of our creed. That we hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal. We pray that you use our president, that we will live in a nation where we will not be judged by the color of our skin, but by the content of our character, heavenly Father, in the name of Jesus.


We are so grateful today that you'll use our 47th President. So we would sing with new meaning. My country tithe. We land of liberty of the IE land where my fathers die, land of the pilgrim's. Pride from every side, let freedom ring. And because America is called to be a great nation, we believe that you'll make this come true. So let freedom ring from the pernicious hilltops of New Hampshire. Let freedom ring.


Or from the mighty mountains of New York, let freedom ring from the heightening allegate of Pennsylvania. He's hyped. Let freedom ring from the snowcap Rockies of Colorado. Let freedom ring from the curvaceous hilltops of California. But God, we're asking you, not only that, let freedom ring from Stone Mountain, George. This, This guy's gonna go viral. Let freedom ring from Lookout Mountain of Tennessee. Let freedom ring from every hill and every mole hill and Mississippi from every state, every city, every village, and every hamlet.


And when we let freedom ring, we'll be able to speed up that game. All of your children, black men and white men, Protestant and Catholic, Jew and Gentile will be able toing in the meaning of that old Negro. Spiritual free at last. Free at Last. This is gonna get MeMed. Thank you God Almighty. We are free at last. If you believe what the spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty. Come on, put your hands together and give your great God great glory. He's got energy. Okay, this guy has got energy. He's going to be MeMed, he's going viral and Let freedom ring.


Let freedom ring. Just What church is that? Because you know people are hyped at that church every Sunday. Almighty and eternal God, we gather here today in reverence, joined in our shared hopes and dreams for our beloved nation. In this sacred moment of the inauguration of President Donald J. Trump and Vice President JD Vance, we turn our hearts to you, seeking your divine assistance and abundant blessings. Upon this pivotal moment in history, we come before you with profound gratitude for the many gifts you have bestowed upon our land.


Thank you for the freedoms we cherish, for the strength of our communities and for the resilience of our spirit. As our president and vice president embrace their newly appointed roles, we humbly implore that your everlasting love and wisdom will envelop them. Grant them the clarity of mind to navigate the challenges that lie ahead and the compassion to serve all citizens with fairness and integrity. May their hearts be filled with a giving spirit and sincere understanding for those whom they represent. May they be beacons of hope in times of uncertainty and prophetic voices in defending the dignity of all created life.


We pray for a spirit of collaboration to flourish in our government and across our nation. Fostering an environment where dialogue and heartfelt listening will prevail over division or discord. May each decision made by our president and vice president reflect the values of justice and peace. As we embark on this new chapter, we also seek your comfort, oh God, for those who feel lost or disheartened in this time of transition, may your light shine upon them reaffirming their belief in a brighter tomorrow.


May we all strive to lift one another, supporting our fellow citizens with kindness and empathy, recognizing that together we can overcome any adversity. Grant us the strength to endure the courage to face our fears and the clarity to see the light that remains even when clouds of uncertainty may gather. Inspire our new leaders to be champions for the vulnerable and advocates for those whose voices are often silenced. May they pursue policies that promote the wellbeing of all seeking to build bridges that will foster unity and belonging.


As we stand witness to this inauguration, we hold fast to the faith, to our faith in the goodness of each of us and the possibility of change. We trust that with your guidance. So God, our nation can move forward to a future filled with promise, prosperity, and understanding. And finally, we lift our hearts in gratitude for the beloved parents of President Trump. Without Mary and Fred Trump this day would never be the miracle that has just begun from their place in heaven.


May they shield their son from all harm by their loving protection and give him the strength to guide our nation along the path that will make America great again. Let us go forth now with these words of President Trump's emblazoned on our hearts. As long as we have pride in our beliefs, courage in our convictions, and faith in our God, then we will not fail. We stand tall, we stand proud because we are Americans and Americans kneel to God and to God alone.


I mean, obviously I'm biased. I felt like that was the best prayer Catholic gang gang I am, I am biased. But the first one felt like APAC speech, the second one felt comical. I was laughing very hard. I'm glad that I got to be there. And the third one felt like there was no agenda and just praying over the country. And our boy Christopher Macho is back. Christopher, I'm, I'm sorry, I'm gonna talk over you again. But you know, essentially what I just wanted to say, and I, I think people probably agreed with me about those, those three different prayers. But it, in America, I guess you can, you can you get to pick which faith you are. But tremendously, just wanna say Carrie Underwood was, I think, a true highlight. She was fantastic in to go acapella and knowing her personality and having the tech issues was amazing.


And I do also want to say that Trump's speech was very good. We, we, it definitely felt like it was a crescendo and that you could really sense that he means what he says. Like he, he wants to be a president that ultimately brings p peace, but you know, a peace through demonstrating to the world that we are strong and we're not going to allow us to be taken advantage of anymore. And we are not going to allow the the soft squeeze, as I said on speech, which is, in my view, the most detrimental thing to happen. As soon as any group of people, any organization, any politician, starts speaking about speech and what we need to do because things are racist or sexist or anti-Semitic, they're an enemy to freedom.


That is, that is the reality. And so he mentioned throughout that speech how he was going to take away, you know, policies, get rid of policies that incorporate race into everything. Sexism into everything. Yes. I hope he delivers on that mandate and that there isn't a carve out because we are starting to see in America and in France and across the world, like people starting to speak, we need laws again to sentiment. No we don't. No we don't. We need speech. It is, it is is something that allows us to have the freedom of debate and allows us to recognize who is telling the truth and who is not telling the truth. You know, when you center speech and then there's no debate. So it doesn't happen here.


I'm way overdue to to, to read an ad. So I do wanna throw it to American Financing because I know obviously heading into this, a lot of Americans are carrying real, really high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each and every month. It's time to take control of your debt. If you're a homeowner and you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finance in order, you need to call my friends and American Financing Today. American Financing, salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customers $800 a month By doing that, saving that kind of money every month should make the decision really easy. All it takes is a 10 minute NOCO obligation phone call to find out how much you could be saving. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So please call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing dot net slash owens.


Today we also heard Trump speaking about the ERS, the External Revenue Service. While a lot of people are concerned about the IRS, there are people that are overwhelmed with back taxes or unfiled returns. And you should definitely get ready because Covid Relief ended, the IRS actually hired 20,000 new enforcement agents. Hopefully Trump will reverse some of that. Hopefully Doge will reverse some of that. But they are now proposing millions of pay up notices for 2025. So If you're worried about IRS collection tactics, then Tax Network USA is there to help you so you don't have to face them alone. Tax Network USA is the nation's premier tax relief firm and has negotiated over $1 billion in tax relief for clients. Their services include penalty, forgiveness, hardship programs where you might not have to repay anything until your tax debt expires and offer. In compromised solutions, they offer lump sum settlements. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their experts are ready to assist you. So If you are behind on taxes due to missing personal or business records Tax Network U us USA can guide you through the process. Dealing with the IRS without professional help is extremely risky, so don't do it. Protect your financial security with guidance from Tax Network USA to schedule a complimentary consultation, just call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Do not let the IRS's aggressive tactics control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA. Again, visit tn usa.com/ Candace today.


I'm just so keen to see what you guys are thinking about all of this. Your comments. By the way, I, the reason I was laughing so hard throughout that pastor because the, the chat was just going absolutely insane. And this is why I live for doing live shows because you guys are so funny. And honestly, it would've been funny if Kamala Harris got up and did her black pastor voice. She would've been amazing. She would've been absolutely amazing if she got up and just started delivering on that altogether. But, you know, mark, you can keep the C-span up in case there's anything that we're missing here on the tail end. But it does seem like it is coming to a close. And by coming to a close, I mean, we're actually coming to a beginning. It looks like Trump has filed out.


JD Vance has filed out. Again, you could see it was, it was palpable in the room, the excitement when he was delivering on what his mandate would be to the American people. And he spoke about the automobile industry, you know, basically trying to force all of us to use these electric cars and who knows who's doing the deal with lithium deals overseas. No, I don't want, I don't wanna plug in, I don't even like plugging in my cell phone. I don't wanna plug in my car. I'm sorry, Elon Musk. I'm, I'm not here with that vision whatsoever. So it's good to hear him Trump just say so much about the automobile industry. It was amazing. I thought the high point of him speaking about what has been going on with our troops, guys. I mean, the darker the more that I look into the history and really see how dark it is, we have been experimenting on troops from the beginning, you know, oh, hold on.


One moment of silence from Melania Trump walking by with that hat again. Love you forever. Call me. And, you know, we talked about the MK Ultra Program and there's some really dark chapters in that book, chaos where they speak about how they use that program to psychologically convince it's heavily implied in that book to make a man who didn't even know where he was, just by giving him a drug cocktail, a kill, a young girl, a a father of two who had never committed a crime in his life and was serving as a troop, ended up getting the electric chair as a demonic person who was running the MK Ultra Pro program. Sat and watched and, and tried to say, oh, we don't know why. He had this psychological break knowing fully well that they were running the MK Ultra Program.


The these things have been happening at troops all across the world, By the way. I I have a friend of mine who, who served the country and she spoke about how many experimental vaccines they all had to get simply because they wanted to do what serve this country. And If you wanna serve this country, the first thing that people should be doing is going down to the border and hear him speak about that. How our, our borders are open while we defend other people's borders. It's wrong. It is wrong that people have buried their sons and buried their daughters and their country, their home country has not gotten safer. And So I thought that that was definitely a, a high point, especially when he said he would not only just reinstate these service members with full back pay, but he also not just reinstate them, but also give them full back pay.


People that were literally being kicked outta the military for being unwilling to roll up their sleeves and get a covid vaccine shot, the amount of people that were kicked out. I mean, it's just incredible. Look, what why should you have to, when you're already offering your entire body and saying, I'm willing to die for my country, simultaneously have to fulfill the nefarious motives of big pharma. Just wants to experiment on you. Wanna see how it goes, see If you die. People who have had, who served in the country, who have had their fertility impacted. And one wo young woman who was telling me that the, the, the things that she suffered overseas in Afghanistan, because they had to just get, she said, an incredible amount of vaccines. And so to hear him speak about that and to speak about making America healthy again for people who perhaps don't have the opportunity to, to travel outside of the United States.


We are without question the sickest nation. And, and, and I'm speaking of course about comparable nations. We're speaking about Europe in terms of what we are allowed to put in our food. It's not allowed, you go over to Europe, it's not allowed in Switzerland, it's not allowed in the uk. They say these are, these are obviously harmful things to put in food, so we won't allow it. And yet in America we say it's fine. And the reason for that is because of the extensive lobbying of big pharma two lobbies that I, I want to see have their power decreased. And I think a lot of Americans will agree with this, which are the biggest lobbies in the United States, obviously big pharma, the fact that we have big pharma reps going around, getting people to sign in laws, creating all of these bureaucrats, these, these bureaucratic organizations that we have seeded so much power to the fact that Dr.


Fauci just got a pardon from Joe Biden because we know that everything he did was corrupt. That he lied to the American people. We know these things already to be true and hopefully he's going to be made to testify on some of the things that were done during Covid because it was crooked and it was backwards and it was about lining the pa the lining, the pockets of the elites. And we know that to be true. And so we want to see big pharma be taken down. But also I'm concerned, as I have demonstrated throughout this entire year about apac, I think that is a, a major problem. I think it's problematic that as he spoke about everything he was gonna do for the troops, he, the, the people behind him did not give him a standing ovation, but as soon as he mentioned hostages in, in Israel, they, they gave a standing ovation.


Like that's problematic for Americans to see, like it's problematic and that it's both or none maybe, but it should be America first. And So I didn't, I didn't love that, you know, and that has been a major concern is the, the amount of money that we know that he has taken from people like Miriam Adelson, essentially, like he's going to o owe them a pound of flesh. And so that's going to be the question, what are gonna be the hiccups going into this administration? What are going to be the things that Trump is going to deal with? And I think the, the America Israel question is going to be a major one. I feel confident that he will deliver in every other area and it's gonna be a difficult needle for him to thread. Otherwise, I believe that he is averse to sending troops overseas to die.


I believe that he is hell bent on bringing back a roaring economy. He wants that to be his legacy. He's now in this for his legacy. He has nothing to lose. This is his going to be his last four years no matter what. So he doesn't need to make friends. And it, it will be interesting to see who is behind Trump, you know, who, who's going to come rather instead. And whether that's going to be JD Vance, whether the game's going to be completely flipped and changed by 2028. But, you know, I'm excited everyone in the world is, is excited. And you could, like I said, just seeing the amount of countries that are in this chat right now, it has been incredible. I wanna get to some of your comments and see how you guys felt about that. Answer some of your questions, you know, how is everybody feeling right now?


Before we do that, I lastly wanna remind you about Seven Weeks Coffee because I'm pregnant and it's important that we support pro-life organizations and everybody drinks coffee, so why not do some good while you're drinking coffee? We have a pro-life coffee company, Seven Weeks Coffee. If you're wondering why it's called Seven Weeks Coffee. It's because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the same time that a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. They donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $750,000 for those centers. And they have saved, of course, thousands of lives. So I can tell you the coffee's also great. I'm very picky about what I drink. It's mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acid organically farmed. It hits all the bells and whistles. And If you subscribe right now, you will get a free engraved coffee spoon. Look at that coffee spoon. It's beautiful exclusively for my listeners. If you go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code cans for up to 25% off, when you subscribe, you will get 25% off. Remember, your order will directly help support a network of over 1000 pro-life organizations across the us. Again, that's Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use code Candace.


Okay, let's get to some of your comments. Oh my gosh, Fred, you gave us a lot of money. Fred Burger. I kind of kind of read your comment here that's very nice for you to tip me. It's the first day that I'm re monetized people that were asking the question, why are we seeing ads? Yeah. Trump's back. And so I think there was this mad dash scramble for a lot of these social media companies to go. He's saying as he said, that they will face consequences for censoring speech. And I was very keen to be the person, as I always am, to go through a legal battle to stand up to these people. 'cause there's just, there, they just bully conservative voices. They bully different perspectives that they don't wanna hear. And there's no question that I was completely bullied by these people last year because I wasn't pro apac. And I have no regrets about that.


Fred Berger, he writes, God bless you, Candace and your family, may this be the first step into a brighter future for liberty and prosperity from a red in a blue city of Chicago. Keep up the fab blues, reporting and entertainment. Thank you so much, Fred. Truly. And yeah, I I we all just feel like an a a weight has been lifted off of our shoulders. Randy Lando writes, Trump stopped the genocide in Gaza. That alone makes him better than Biden ever was. Look, we have to see what happens with that. Again, Netanyahu is almost stepping on Trump's toes immediately saying like, that's not what was done. It's temporary. And then we're going to get more money and more weapons and we're gonna keep bombing. And like I said, If you see those pictures of what's coming out of Gaza, it's just incredible that our western media refuses to report on what's happening there.


It, it looks like Dresden, it looks like a nuclear bomb has hit. I can't imagine why you have to completely level apartment buildings and complexes in order for you to accomplish your goals of what you say is just, you know, hitting a tunnel at a certain point and rather notoriously Yeah, these are some of the photos. It looks like this everywhere. And rather notoriously, you had Eric, I almost said Weinstein, am blanking on his name. The the one who ran Blackwater, Eric, Eric Prince, who said publicly no one paid attention to this, that he gave them a plan of how they could go and how they could get the tunnels.


And they bb net and Yahoo didn't want it, that the state Department didn't want it. They did not want to go in and effectively hit their targets. And this, it was not a military response. This was meant to be. As BB Netanyahu said, my viewpoint before he ever, before October 7th ever took place, he said, we have to make the pain, I'm paraphrasing here so unbearable that they don't wanna return. And he was speaking about the Palestinians. And so this to me has been an imperialistic effort. I don't care what you want to call that. I call things as I see them and I do not care to lose fans that think that it is acceptable. What has happened here, Jack Splat writes Biden pardoned family members just before the inauguration started. Absolutely awful. If Trump did that, the mainstream media would be calling for him to be strung up.


Yep. We went over that. And he uniquely just keeps pardoning them from 2014 forward. And again, as I said, when it was deeply unpopular, e everything that is happening in Ukraine has nothing to do with Putin trying to expand. And it's the exact opposite. Biden wanted to end the war in Afghanistan to get into Ukraine because that is where his family's interests are, and it's likely that what Putin was telling us about them, there being labs that were all across the Ukrainian border. He said there were bio labs, sort of these black labs, and he didn't know what they were doing in those labs. Barisma obviously appointing to its board. You have an energy company appointing Hunter Biden, who has positively no history in and, and no resume in the energy sector.


And somehow he gets this position on the board of Barisma. And we saw the emails once his laptop got exposed, which the media tried to hide. So there was an entire network of people that has been benefiting from our presence in Ukraine. And they very much upped the ante as soon as Biden got into office, and Biden is now rather openly and corruptly letting us know, he is saying, yep, my family was corrupt and there's absolutely nothing you can do about it. And unfortunately now he's right. He, he's he assigned it, it's over. Dane writes, I voted for Trump, but he's not conservative. Conservatives don't increase the size of government. He's creating a department after department.


I don't see that. I don't know if you're referring to the Department of Government efficiency, but If you read that mandate, they're working themselves out of a job essentially. They're not going to be apartment. It's a temporary department that is supposed to basically wind down all of the useless departments. So I do not think that when we are done, when everything is said and done, there's going to be a larger government than there was when Trump got started. You could be right. We will see Dane Bobas writes as a black Christian, I apologize for this pastor, LOL. That was, it was energy. It, he was spunky is what I will say. And I hope I'm saying your name right, Odo Zaya Coochie O Odo.


Zac Coochie, I think looks like this is coming from the uk. Wonderful coverage, Candace, I'm so happy the inauguration went through with no hiccups. I was so nervous for today. Cheering you all on from the uk, God bless America. And lastly, Outkast said, Kamala can't wait. Go wait to go home and take a bath in our collared greens. What a great way to end this episode. Also, what a fantastic way to just end this dark era of the Kamala and Biden presidency, which felt like a show. No matter what you should be feeling, hopeful, you should be feeling, even if it's not going to be perfect, we know it's not gonna be perfect. We know that there are gonna be some hiccups and we are going to maintain our perspective here on this show of, you know, criticizing Trump when he does something wrong and, and being even, and just being fair and, and also highlighting when he gets something right.


And I think no matter what, we're gonna walk outta this presidency. You know, I voted for this man. I have backed him without being a sycophantic about it. For now, it feels 12 years, 12 years. How long are we? It's 2015. I guess it's not been 12 years, but, you know, 10 years of backing this person, packing this presidency. And it's because I believe in Trump and I know that he's got a lot of battles ahead of him. We can't wait for him to release the files on JFK, on MLK, so we can understand how deeply this corruption runs. And I, I think he is the correct man for the job. He's the correct man right now. God bless the United States of America. God bless all of you guys making the show such a success.


We again, are so happy to be back and to be independent and to be able to use our voice to highlight evil, what it is evil, and to not be controlled by corporate narratives anymore. That's it you guys. We are signing off and we will see you tomorrow.