
You guys, I'm so excited we're getting the band back together. I'm so excited. Yesterday I said I missed Kamala. Here we are. We are so back. It's actually here, ladies and gentlemen. It's unreal. Unreal. We attempted to get this birth certificate for months, months. For whatever reason, our requests were just being denied. But now that the election is over, it seems magically Jamaica's registrar office is back open for business. We indeed have a hard copy of Donald Jasper Harris's birth certificate, the mother of all genealogical bombs. I'm not going to keep you guys waiting, so let's get started.


Look, we were down, but apparently knocked out. I'll be honest, I thought this series was over after Donald Trump won. I didn't really see a purpose in continuing the series, but many of you guys kept writing us and were writing in the comments like Candace, Kamala could run again, you should still carry this on, but I just felt a little bit deflated, obviously elated that our side won, but also deflated about this genealogical series until now. Okay, so in case you are new to the show and you did not follow the story, you were apparently under a rock for the last two months or so. We had encountered some oddities in Kamala Harris' autobiographical book, the Truths We Hold that we Felt Were Worthy of Exploration, namely Her Grandma Barrel, okay?


The Barrel at least, that she says is her grandma. In her book, this is actually a page from her book, and you can see on the bottom there it says, visiting my Paternal Grandmother Barrel in Jamaica. Okay? So that woman allegedly was supposed to be the mother of Donald Harris, who is allegedly Kamala's father. And yet that barrel was actually mentioned nowhere in the actual text of the book, just the photo. And then she was removed entirely from the Youth Reader's edition, which was published just a couple of months later. So I also considered it very odd that Donald Harris and Kamala Harris did not, and still do not have much of a relationship at all. He, as you will recall, was completely absent during her run for president of the United States.


Like I'm saying, like even If you got family issues and family beef, when your daughter makes it almost to the tip of the top, you're there just saying good stuff, right? Like, just like, oh, she was amazing when the time she was a child. No, Donald did not do any of that. In fact, I ranked it as extremely odd that Donald Harris in his only written or even spoken piece to the public regarding Kamala doesn't even mention his own mother or his own father outside of one line in the Jamaican global. And that one line is essentially like, oh, here it is. Both of my grandmothers had the strongest influence on my early upbringing, not to exclude, of course the influence of my mother, Ms.


Barrell and loving Father Mass, Oscar. That's it. That's all he wrote ever the entire articles and said about his grandmothers on both his paternal and maternal side, the great influence that they wield, wield over his life. And he completely just neglects his mother and his father beyond that one sentence. And I'm going, okay, what is going on here? This is a major red flag. I just don't feel that that woman in the book is her grandmother because she just wasn't giving grandma vibes, Caribbean grandma vibes. And of course this was all speculation and really just going with my gut instincts, I believe in following your gut instinct. I believe the media is calling us all conspiracy theorists so that we are distracted from our guts.


And then something huge happened, a Jamaican woman named Dorothy came forward who apparently had maybe been following our series and she was asked point blank and she knew Donald's brother Donald has one full brother. He has a lot of half siblings, but one full sibling named Kenneth. And she grew up with Kenneth and she knew Ms. Barrell and she described Ms. Barrell as being lighter than Kamala Harris. And so when she was shown a picture, a picture of Kamala's book, the Barrell featured in Kamala's book, this was Ms. Dorothy's reaction. Okay?


Nah, that's not Ms. Barrell. That's not Ms Bar. That's definitely not Ms. Barrell. Oh, okay. That's not Ms. Barrell. So I believe she hasn't just showed you. Yeah. So that is not Ms. Barrow. That's not Ms be no, definitely not Ms. Barrow. Okay. And I, I, I know what she looks like. I couldn't have been in a dream and she definitely did not look like that Oopsies. Of course the press did not want to cover this. They just wanted to bury it, okay, we're gonna move along and just get to the election. Didn't work out for them. And then more explosive things happened. I then spoke with Kamala's family members whose identities I have been protecting a very close family members. I wanna be clear, not like distant cousins, like very close family members who similarly confirmed to me that the woman pictured in Kamala's book was not Miss Barrell as in not Donald's mom.


So we still have no idea who this woman is. My instinct was that this woman was the help. It was just the way in all of the photos that that her and Miss Iris, who's supposed to be her mother are doesn't seem to me. It seems to me to be someone who might be close to the family but is not exactly family. Again, just gut instinct. So we have no idea who these women are. Okay? I then learned from the family members that Donald MA's father was exceedingly private and was involved in the Communist underground, very involved in the communist underground traveling very often, which explains why Ms. Dorothy noted in that same exact interview that she never knew Donald despite knowing his brother on the island.


She never knew Donald because he simply was not around. Now I wanna say this. I never believed in my heart, never believed it in my heart that Kamala was definitively the child of Donald and Shamala Shamala Golin. And I only grew more suspicious when we spoke with journalist Yoichi Shiatsu. You might remember him, who claimed that Kamala's mother was a scientist in the clandestine MK Ultra Program, okay? The CIA program that was focused on psychological brainwashed. I researched her mother loosely and his allegation, while we cannot confirm it on this show, I can tell you it makes sense because Shamala worked first for uc, Berkeley as a scientist.


And then she moves Kamala and the family up to Montreal to Canada where she worked for McGill University for 16 years. These are the hubs of MK Ultra. If you've read that book, chaos, you already know what Berkeley was up to. You know the experiments that they were conducting with LSD on Berkeley's campus. And then of course McGill was where the most twisted of all the experiments took place. So I'm showing you this article and I'm gonna read directly from it. This is from the McGill Tribune. It says Declassified Mind Control at McGill. And I'm, this is a direct quotation here. The CIA was initially interested in discovering a truth serum. At the time, many believed in the possibility of a drug to use in interrogations that would eliminate all inhibitions and prompt subjects to speak without reticence.


The CIA first experimented with the use of LSD with little luck and later delved into different types of psychotherapy and hypnosis in the hopes of discovering the secret of mind control. Out of the research and experiments that were undertaken within hospitals and laboratories, those that took place at McGill known as MK Ultra SUBPROJECT 68 were perhaps the most notorious. Dr. Donald Ewen Cameron was the head of McGill's Allen Memorial Institute when the experiments were performed and the main researcher implicated in the project. According to the Canadian government, approximately 80 patients at the Allen Memorial Memorial Institute underwent d patterning.


The treatment involves putting patients into a prolonged period of sleep for several days through the administration of barbiturates, drugs that depressed the central nervous system and LSD. This was followed by massive doses of electroshock therapy over the course of several weeks, ultimately reducing patients to a childlike state. The method consisted essentially of the administration of two to four electroshocks daily to the, to the point where the patient developed acute confusion, disorientation, and interference with learned habits of eating and bladder and bowel control. Cameron wrote in an article published in the journal, comprehensive Psychiatry in 1962, the patient may also show loss of a second language or all knowledge of his marital status.


Once patient's brains were Depa, Cameron believed that they would be able to be retaught proper forms of interaction and behavior. This practice, which Cameron dubbed psychic driving, involved subjecting patients to repeated audio recordings in order to reinforce positive messages within their minds. Patients would typically be sedated with muscular paralytic drugs during this process and they could be exposed to hundreds of thousands of repetitions of a single statement throughout the treatment. I wanted to read you that because you really have to understand what the MK Ultra program was essentially de pattering your brain and being able to just insert false memories to put things in your mind, essentially to create a human mind.


Okay? So Yoichi Shiatsu, the journalist who came on this show thought that Kamala was actually a recipient of this program, was a patient of this program, raised up from the time that she was a little girl from her quote unquote Mother Shamala. And her father, Donald, who we now know for a fact, was involved in the Communist Underground. But I wanna be very clear we had and still have no smoking gun regarding that. Just we can say she did work at McGill University for 16 years. We wanted Donald's birth certificate to confirm that he was even the son of Oscar, Joseph Harris and Barrell. We put in the request, we put in the request again, we heard nothing back.


We were paying for it to be ex expedited. We were supposed to get it within three to five days. We did not receive it within three to five days. And the election is over. And lo and behold, Jamaica's registrar's office sends us Donald's birth certificate. Drum roll please. I'm gonna show you this birth certificate right now up on the screen. Look at this. Okay? And you can see this is very new. I'm also holding this here in my head. It's very, very new. Okay? Not a big deal. You have to reissue the birth certificate. You're not gonna send me an original copy, but we're gonna get closer here and notice some things that are very, very wrong about this birth certificate. The first thing being his name, we have been searching this entire time and he is known publicly as Donald Jasper Harris, the birth certificate that we have.


And we can confirm that his birthday is correct. We have August 9th, 1938, August 23rd, 1938. That is in fact Donald Jasper Harris' birthday. But this man's name is Donald Joseph Harris, which just throws up Joseph for Loop. Who is Joseph? Where did the Joseph come from? Did he change his name to Joseph or did he change his name to Jasper? We are unclear about this then. We are just utterly shocked at the lack of information on this birth certificate. Okay, let's scroll down here. There is no father listed at all. Father does not exist on this birth certificate. So we cannot confirm that she's from Oscar, Joseph Harris's family. Although in her book she says that she is, we cannot confirm what age he was at her birth because he's not there.


His occupation, nothing. We've got almost the same amount of no information regarding the mother, but we have Beryl Finnegan listed. It won't tell us whether or not she had children prior. Doesn't exist. It will not tell us. Oh, also, I should just point out here, her name is spelled B-E-Y-R-I-L Finnegan. And that just makes me instantly go, why would Kamala not know how to spell her grandmother's name? Wouldn't you know how to spell your, she spells in her book. B-E-R-Y-L. So are we to believe that the birth registrar of Jamaica got it wrong? And now I know in my mind I said, okay, well you'd play this and say, well, maybe you're dealing with people that didn't know how to read. No, this was a remarkably educated family.


Donald himself is remarkably educated. We know it's this why he's a professor. It's why he's been a writer. He's, he's written prolifically throughout his entire life. This is not, this is not that family that didn't know how to read and write. And plus again, here we have is an updated copy that was manually typed in. Let's pull that back up again. So all we have is her first and last name, Barrell Finnegan, spelled in a way that we have never seen it spelled before. Occupation domestic. That could mean anything. It could mean she didn't have a job, she was working at home. We don't know what exactly that means, but they give us nothing else. Not even her age at birth, which is remarkably suspicious. But the biggest thing here, which makes this almost a joke, I am not kidding when I say almost a joke, there is no witness to this birth and it is not signed by a registrar, guys, guys, it's not signed by a registrar.


Lemme just slow this down for you. This means that this is not a birth certificate. This means no one was here and the birth certificate office didn't sign this. And it wasn't registered. Every single birth certificate that we have seen throughout this entire series from birth certificates from the 18 hundreds, not even kidding. When we're looking at people that were born in eighteen eighty, eighteen eighty five, all the way through to the 20th century in Jamaica, we have always had, here's just a sample. One of who we thought would've was barrell initially. But now we have our questions. You can see there is always a person that is present that signs off as the registrar of births, right? Because otherwise you haven't registered the birth. Okay?


A birth registrar is a government official that is responsible for recording a child's birth details. So they officially document their existence, they document their identity, they create that birth certificate, right? You have to go through either a local health department or the government to get that. You go into the office, hello, I'm the birth registrar, I'm here. Hi, this is my son who was born a month ago. Can we get a birth? Sure. And then they have to sign off. There is no one that has signed off on that. There is no witness who was present, which usually you're legally required to have a witness. I could accept this if there was no witness, but at least a registrar who had signed off on it. There is none. So what are we looking at?


What are we looking at? By the way, I wanna point out that it tells us that this document, which was produced, was produced weeks after he was allegedly born. He's allegedly born on the 23rd of August in 1938. It lists that, and I'm just trying to find where this is. Yeah, you can see that in that last segment there, the November 4th, 1938, right next to the signature of the registrar, it says that that certificate was made months later in November. But there was no it, it just, it wasn't registered and there was no witness. So how the hell is this in Jamaica system at all? That is my question. Okay. Gotta be clear at the bottom there. And I don't know If you guys can see that, but we have it signed from the current person who is leading up the registrar office and his name is Desmond Davis.


So we have a signature as of who it was that printed and signed off this document and sent it to us. Because there has to be a registrar. There's no time. There's no time period. There's just a gap again, because there'd be no other explanation as to why you would go in and get the document in the first place. It would just be you with a blank document saying, I witnessed something and I have a child and no one else is here and no one else is signing off on it. What is this? What is this? I am asking this question. This is extremely problematic and it's not making my brain go in ways that I, I, I'm just fully in conspiracy land here. I gotta be honest with you guys. My brain is not going, oh, let me make sense of this.


Yeah, that's totally normal. Every single person in Jamaica had to have a sign off on the registrar's office in order to get a certificate. Except for this one person who is the father of someone who was close to becoming a United States president except for this one guy. It's always been this way except for this one guy who was involved in communist circles who I have never felt really was Kamala's father on the basis of their relationship, on the basis of so many other things or lack of a relationship rather. And now I'm wondering again, we've been wondering to the very beginning, who the hell is Donald Harris? Where the hell was Donald Harris born? When the hell did Donald Harris change his name from or to Donald Jasper?


From or to Donald Joseph? And why the hell would they send us this? Why would they send us this? This does not prove that he was born in Jamaica. In fact, it proves the exact opposite. It proves that somebody had a leg in that office and just typed this up and had it printed. And who is barrel? Because I think that spelling is quite unique. BEY is quite unique. It leads me to believe that that barrel should certificate that we just brought up earlier is not the right barrel. It's not the right barrel. I think that it, the correct barrel is spelled BEY. And there was a barrel Finnegan who had a birth certificate and was spelled B-E-Y-R-L.


Her name was Beryl Pauline Finnegan. And I can show you her birth certificate. Did, were we able to pull that up? Skylar Beryl. Pauline Finnegan, here she is. We have her by the way, also on records coming from the uk and that's it. This young woman was born in 1924, which would mean that she would've had to have given birth to Donald Terrace when she was 14. That seems exceedingly young, is she's listed as, or the rank rather of her father. Her father was a cultivator. Says her mother's name is Louise Finnegan, formerly Williams. I was able to corroborate all of this. We have her, okay, in Alexandria St.


Anne, that's where we have this birth certificate from. This could be the barrel that we're looking for, but I can't find any more of her. Don't worry, I am going to spend the weekend looking for it. 'cause I'm now totally invested in trying to figure out what is going on. Because it almost feels to me, after having spoken to Donald's family, learning about how quiet he was, how private he was, how involved in the communist circles, he was learning about her mother, her involvement potentially with MK Ultra psychological conditioning. It almost seems to me like they just plopped Kamala and her father in a random family line. And, and it's, it's just a secret because again, he only has one full sibling and that full sibling is equally Kenneth.


The one that she mentions equally as secretive as he is. And apparently according to his family members, his siblings, he's disappeared without a trace disappeared into the US without a trace. This is not normal stuff you guys, this is just not normal stuff. Who are these people? Why is your father not listed here? Is that even your father? Were you born somewhere else like in Cuba, Canada? I don't know. But like I said, this birth certificate has led to more questions than answers. And I intend on trying to find some real answers to these questions. I'm just routinely left with the feeling that leaders are just being bred.


We know nothing about these people. This just can't be every single person that runs for president that we just can't figure out where they were born. Like or, or who their, where their relatives were born. This is, it can't be this difficult. Genealogy can't be this difficult unless there's something really dark and demented going on. Something as dark and demented as maybe the MK Ultra Program itself.


Alright, Right guys, moving on. I wanna remind you about PreBorn because in many ways this past election brought abortion to the forefront. There are many states who have radicalized abortion and tragically thousands of babies will continue to lose their lives. Which is why PreBorn, the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at risk babies and mothers who are facing unplanned pregnancies, PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. All at no cost. PreBorn knows that when a woman sees her baby on ultrasound, she's twice as likely to choose life because of this, our year end goal is to sponsor 20,000 ultrasound, saving our over 15,000 lives. You can help us reach this goal. It costs us $28 to sponsor one ultrasound. Whatever the gift, whether large or small, it will go towards life. And now PreBorn will match your gift doubling that amount To donate. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Okay. This has been a year where we just have to acknowledge as conservatives, like it's so easy to dunk on the left and how woke they are and how disingenuous they are when they call everything racist all the time. And they engage in that sort of politicking. Like we say, you know, we're against men in bathrooms and they call us transphobes like so all of, always of always name calling ad ho attacks 'cause they don't want to debate the substance of our arguments. This is the first year that we are really seeing in America the birth of the woke rights, engaging in the exact same kind of name calling, engaging in the exact same types of emotional manipulation. And there's just no greater topic than Israel and everything that is happening. And we do just have to pause and examine ourselves.


And I wanna just show you something. So anyways, the International criminal Court, we talked about this yesterday, issued a warrant for Benjamin Netanyahu's arrest along with his minister Yav Gallant. And it was for starving children, for murdering children. As a response to October 7th. The numbers which are just, it's, it's insane. I mean, you, we can see this stuff on our xp. We don't have to imagine it anymore. And obviously seeing so many dead children, seeing all of these bodies laid out into the streets, irrespective of whether you are going to make the argument they have a right to do this or not, has been jarring for the rest of the world. Okay? For people to be jarred by that and to have an emotional response to children walking with cuts and bruises to watching children starve to death, you can quite literally access these article, access these videos on x to have a response to that, of course does not render you antisemitic.


But bb net and Yahoo has decided to respond to the ICC and accuse them of exactly that. Take a listen. The antisemitic decision of the international court in the Hague is a modern Dreyfus trial and it will end the same way. 130 years ago, the French Jewish officer offered Dreyfus, was falsely accused of treason by a biased French court in response to these false accusations, the great French writer Emil Zola wrote his monumental essay, Jacques, he accused the French court of antisemitic lies against an innocent officer who was later exonerated of all guilt.


Now in international court, in the Hague also headed by a French judge, is repeating this outrageous offense. It is falsely accusing me the democratically elected prime minister of the state of Israel and Israel's former defense minister of gallant, of deliberately targeting civilians. This, when we do everything in our power to avoid civilian casualties, we issue millions of text messages, phone calls, leaflets to the citizens of Gaza to get them out of harm's way while the Hama terrorists do everything in their power to keep them in harm's way. Okay? So rather than me respond, because like woke Wright, If you critique BB net and Yahoo like tells you that you're antisemitic because they're just again, disingenuous.


I figured let's actually let Jews respond. In fact, let's let Israeli Jews respond. Here's a headline in Harts and Israeli newspaper today and Israeli publication, pardon analysis. Netanyahu brought the ICC ruling on himself and now he's whining about antisemitism. As always, Israel's prime minister isn't working to shape reality. He's working to shape the perception of reality. The Attorney General knows that if she resigns her office is done for also a wonderful journalist. Truly, if you're gonna talk about people that you should be supporting and following, who tell the truth about everything and don't seem to have are, are just not invested in the woke politicking. Dave Smith and Glen Greenwald, both Jews I should mention have had this to say about Israel.


You know what, or being said, life, you know what really, it really enrages me about this, and it actually enrages is the correct word, is that for the last decade, at least, probably even longer, pretty much every conservative in America by definition mocked this tactic. That the minute some group is dissatisfied with some idea, people are opposed. Affirmative action, action. You immediately get accused of being a racist. People are accused of immigration, you get accused of being a white nationalist. You don't wanna put biological men, even if they're trans in women's bathrooms. You get accused of being a trans phobe. They have mocked this attempt to weaponize bigotry, accusations, mercilessly from every single group.


And yet the minute it comes to this one particular identical tactic, which is to accuse everybody critical of Israel or opposed Israel being antisemitic, there is much on board with identity politics and censorship by the way as well. But this identity politics trip as any sophomore with purple hair at Oberlin, how do they justify their own mind, this obvious conflict in their worldview? Oh, I mean, well first of you just, you totally nail it and it is infuriating, but it's even one step further than that. It's then they call us the woke, right? They turn around. It's, and and just to further mimic the woke progressives, they turn around and accuse you of exactly what they're doing.


And I get this all the time, like on, on social media, and not just from random people, but from like, you know, right wing influencers who support Israel in this war. And they'll, they'll point out that I, they'll go, Hey Dave, you agree with the woke leftists on this? You know, see you're just like those campus leftists 'cause they're all against this and you're against it too. And it's like, so you're pointing out that I just happen to agree with another group of people, but you borrowing all of the worst tactics that are the reason we don't like that group of people. And it, it's just all so bizarre and, and like you can't even believe that they have the gall to make this argument as they're making it. And, and, and just one more point is that, and I know I said something similar to this, I think the last time we talked, but it's not just that it's the same argument as the woke leftists.


It's the, it's the same logic in a much, much weaker position, in a much weaker situation to use that sa it's like they're, they're much worse because it's not as if, If you were to point out, you know, like if, if, if you're saying that maybe a, a conservative or a right winger will make some point about some policy and then they'll accuse you of being racist, okay? That's, that's wrong and, and dumb and that is done a lot. But you're in this case talking about like whether you consider it a genocide or not, the mass slaughter of innocent people and you're criticizing that it's not just some random policy and then to use the anti-Semitic card, unlike say like groups who might use that on the woke left, Jews aren't even a marginalized group.


They're not a marginalized group in the United States of America. They're, they're a thriving, like the contrary market dominant. Yes, a market dominant minority as Amy Chua would call them. And, and, and in the Middle East in the region, they're by far the most powerful force with the backing of the biggest, most powerful governments in the history of the world. So like it's, it's substantially worse than what the woke left does. I totally agree with that. And they put it so perfectly, it's substantially worse because they are maiming and caricaturing people for having human decency, for looking at these children with missing limbs, looking at these children that are being pulled outta the rubble, looking at these children that are screaming and bleeding and decapitated.


I've seen, I've seen them carrying the bodies of decapitated children that are the size of my children. And then we have an emotional response to it. And they say, you're an evil antisemite who supports Hitler. And it's just like the Holocaust, you know, actually I would say it's, it's definitively because of everything that I learned about the Holocaust that I won't stay silent on what I'm seeing done to the Palestinians and the entire world is having this response except for America, where we have this remarkable ability to be unbelievably hypocritical. And I would argue spineless on the topic of Israel, the woke right is going to die. I'm telling you this guys put a timer, and I'm not saying die, literally, I'm saying like that movement put a timer on this, in four years from now, an election comes in 2028 people that are silent on this, lying at this, trying to socially engineer this as something else are going to have to eat their words.


I believe that, I believe people are, they can sense the lies, they can see the hypocrisy, and we're going to demonstrate their hypocrisy right now in one of the most astounding ways. Okay? So to be clear, the ICC court recently, 2023, it was, they also put out an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin. Their reason for doing that was they were saying that some Ukrainian children were going missing, which is stunning by the way, when weighed against the fact that Israel has arrested, I I think Time Magazine did a whole piece on this 10,000 Palestinian children over the last decade, they're allowed to, and that's by the way, not even an arrest that's detaining them. Okay? So it, they gave examples of when these kids throw a rock, they're allowed to be detained, taken away from their family.


Nothing said, but Ukrainian children went missing. The ICC issued an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin. I want you to look at Lindsey Graham's tweets about this. He said the decision by the ICC to issue an arrest warrant for Vladimir Putin is a giant step in the right direction for the international community. It is more than justified by the evidence. Okay? While I have no illusions that Putin will ever turn himself in this arrest warrant is extremely significant because it's an action of international evidence, evidence-based body that will stand the test of history. Again, he calls it an action of an international evidence-based body that will stand the test of history. It will also make Putin's travel options in the future very limited.


I hope the international community will continue to support the ICC and their endeavors to hold Putin accountable for the brutal invasion of Ukraine. Okay? Don't even, what was it like minutes before Israel surpassed the death toll in Ukraine when you waited against the numbers? It was unbelievable in, in terms of what they were doing in Gaza. Okay, now look at Lindsey Graham on the exact same court as it pertains to Israel. This is what he tweeted. I cannot emphasize enough my strong objection to what the ICC has done to the state of Israel. The ICC is a rogue and politically motivated organization that is trampling on the very concept of the rule of law. I made it abundantly clear that I believe this entire process is an abuse of the Rome statute.


I am confident that President Trump understands that the court's actions against Israel sets the foundation for the ICC to come after the United States one day. We must respond forcefully to the courts for our own good. Okay? So one of the prosecutors at the ICI, I mean it just, it's, it's actually laughable 'cause it's just, it's such hypocrisy on that level is laughable. It really is. Just shows you essentially you do what we say and we're gonna say you're a terrorist. It's a theme with America. Like, we're good with you as long as we can control you and you do what we say or else we're gonna condemn you. And suddenly we're gonna say you're a terrorist and you're irrelevant. That's the difference between one year him talking about the exact same court. And again, If you measure the death toll in Ukraine versus the death toll in Gaza over the same period of time, it is astounding hypocrisy at this level.


Okay, So I also wanna show you this because one of the prosecutors at the, the senior leader, a man named Kam for the ICC and, and pardon me, I think it's Karim Khan, I just need to double check that. Said essentially that they were being bullied throughout this process and that essentially they were told that the ICC court really is just kind of for like America and Israel to go after whoever the hell they want. And it's actually not supposed to be a process that is true or just take a listen to what he had to say Of the individual is the protection of babies. I mean, these are fundamental American values that should engender bipartisan support.


Now of course this situation unfortunately lies on the San Andreas fault of international politics and strategic interests. And of course I've had some elected leaders speak to me and very be, you know, be very blunt. This court is built for Africa and for thugs like Putin was what one senior leader told me. We don't view it like that. This court is the legacy of Nuremberg. This court is a sad indictment of humanity. This court should be the triumph of law over power and brute force. Grab what you can, take what you want, do what you will.


And we are going to simply be un we're not gonna be dissuaded by threats or any other activities because in the end we have to fulfill our responsibilities as prosecutors, as the men and women of the office, as judges, as the registry. Kareem Kahan, you'll probably never see this, but I want you to know that you are exactly correct. Okay? Caring about the life of children, innocent children slaughtered the numbers now above tens of thousands of children that have been slaughtered is not only an American value, it's a conservative value, it's a Christian value. And to the hypocrites and the spineless people who can't say that they have no place in our future government. I truly do believe that.


And that's why I say this unabashedly, I i I just can't believe the, I cannot believe what I'm seeing say of people pretending this is about antisemitism. Like if somehow if somebody else was in there, no one would be saying anything like, yeah, no, I'm sure if Putin was in Israel and had murdered 20,000 children, everyone would just be chill. 'cause this is really just about the fact that they're Jewish. I mean, it's just, it is just mind blowing. It really is the dishonesty, the deception, the western media smearing and libeling, anybody who has a soul and the decency to say that children should not be murdered like this water should not be cut off.


Electricity should not be cut off. You have doctors without borders saying they've never seen anything like this. They went over there, they've been in multiple war zones saying that writing pieces op-ed saying this is not a war zone. This is not a war zone. This is a genocide. They're, they're, everybody's just conspiring to hate Jews. I mean, it's just, it's it's pointedly ridiculous. And it is really telling when even Israeli publications are saying that calling with antisemitism is a joke. It just is a joke. And I am proud of myself for being on the right side of this thing. And I'm embarrassed. I'm so embarrassed that I ever had anything to do with the woke, right? I didn't know they were woke on this issue. Like it, it took October 7th and all of this happening for me to see their true colors.


And I'm so embarrassed I had anything to do with these people. I really am. And I will not allow them to forget this. I will not allow them to forget that they stood on platforms, called themselves pro-life, called themselves anti-war, collected money, went out to donors, asked for investments, and then when it actually mattered, they shirked, they shirked their responsibility, they completely cowered. And to think that the majority of people are men, it's even more sickening to me, to be honest with you. It's even more sickening.


Anyways, moving on you guys. I wanna take a minute to talk to you about our store over at Sticker Mule. It's packed with awesome Candace Owens merch including stickers, t-shirts, key chains, buttons, and much more. You can even buy a Candace temporary tattoo with Christmas right around the corner. It's the perfect place to get your friends or family members who are also fans of the show, the perfect stocking stuffer because like you, they have impeccable taste. So go to sticker mule.com/ Candace and check it out. Now a big portion of sales goes directly to the Candace show, supporting our mission to empower communities and to promote free thought. Whether you want to show your support or just grab some cool gear, we have got you covered from Crisis King t-shirts to conspiracy theorist stickers. Head over to sticker Mule for all things Candace. Once again, go to sticker mule.com/ Candace. You can check it out right now.


Okay, I need to issue a re of retraction a correction. Oh my gosh, I'm so embarrassed. This is so crazy. I read subtitles and as opposed to listened very intently. Anyways, you know, we covered just a brief update before we get into your comments. I covered earlier this week, mind blown, I don't know why it is that the left hates stay-at-home moms. I don't understand why feminists genuinely hate women that are happily married and wanna dedicate their lives to their kids. But we recognize that this year when they, the feminist came down hard on ballerina farm because she baked baked bread and dances in ballerina dances in muddied cowboy boots and does her ballerina moves and has a massive following of 10 million. And they're like, that can't be no. And every time we give someone a platform, they have to be anti-man.


They have to be anti-family, they have to be little commies. They have to say that they wanna be men, maybe they can be transgender. We applaud that. We applaud that. If they wanna transgender themselves, they say they never wanna have kids, we applaud that, but oh my, the the first celebrity that didn't take her clothes off, why are her boobs not out? Why are Hannah Newman's boobs not out? That is what the feminists want to know. Obviously the only way she can be hers if she gets, just gets naked and instead she's dressed conservative. What's going on? So after all these attacks, we, we got to the bottom of who caused it. It was a young woman named Caroline Burke. And I literally played her entire thesis, which she gave us in like a six minute clip explaining that she believed that Roe v Wade was to blame for this, the reversal of Roe v.


Wade, because she thinks secretly women are only following her because we have this deep seated fear that we're gonna have to be her in the future. Now that Roe v. Wade has been reversed. So I'm just gonna show you a little bit of that again to show you that we played her in her full context regarding this matter of trad wives Take a listen. So I'm gonna show you a clip of her kind of saying that her fame can only be attributed to the fact that women are losing their rights in America. Take a listen. Public service notification, everyone pause. I have been quoted in a lot of things in the last few weeks, which has been such a funny left turn in my life. But in one of the Substack articles that I was quoted on, what I read was that ballerina farm had 1 million followers in 2022 and has gained seven and a half million followers since then.


Which means that when I said kind of offhandedly that I thought that this was connected to Roe v. Wade, I was actually completely correct. You cannot tell me that it is accidental that in the two years where we lost more reproductive rights than in decades previously, all of these trad wives have been gaining insane traction online. Also, I'm sorry about the bedhead, I'm just really excited and I can't wait. Like does that not blow your mind? Okay, whether, So my mind was not blown because I thought that that was a really dumb thesis. And then we showed other bits of her video, namely that she also just doesn't like the concept of what she terms Bible girlies people, women who get so much out of the Bible.


And she attributes that to the fact that they just never read, read fiction literature. It's just because they're not educated. And so they're reading the Bible and these stories are amazing them, but she's read fictional stories that have made her quote unquote transcend. And then lastly, we showed you like a 32nd clip of her saying what we thought she said was that all of this, the rise of trad wives could be contributed to the fall of Rome. And we thought that because, and I'm gonna show you a screenshot here, literally the subtitles said there, there was a correlation between the rise of trad wives and the fall of Rome. So we read, we heard that it turns out actually she said the fall of Roe, but we had already tackled her opinion on Roe v.


Wade. So we weren't trying to misrepresent her. Of course, once my episode went viral and I guess people reaching out to her, she then wanted to respond to this by trying to make it seem as though I'm a grifter and a liar. Because we read the closed captions and everyone heard, and the subtitles even heard automated subtitles, which they do get it wrong sometimes they heard her say Rome. And she then essentially creates this video on TikTok like, oh, conservatives are grifters and they're liars not responding to any of our other points in a 25 minute diatribe going over what I believe is her bigotry against conservative women like feminists hate conservative women. And I think it's because we hold a mirror to decisions that they didn't make. And I don't think their careers make them whole.


And I don't think that writing articles about ballerina farm is going to make her whole. And I do think that actually she has a whole inside of her because she made decision not to have children. And then she sees this woman up and baking bread and she is watching her and seeing her smile and dance. And in her mind she has to convince herself, delude herself into believing that ballerina farm is unhappy. She has to convince herself that ballerina farm made the wrong decisions and she's making the right ones, which is why she loved it. When that feminist went over and violated ballerina farm and lied and created a picture that ballerina farm was like trapped in existence that she didn't wanna be in. Even though even that writer of that times piece said in an interview thereafter, when asked, do you think that Hannah Neman is happy?


She said Yes. She actually said yes. She didn't include it in her piece because that wasn't her job. Her job was to assassinate the character of ballerina farm and her husband. But then when she was asked, she thought about it and she said, yes, I think she's tired, but she's happy. And I can't think of a better way to explain what becoming a parent is. You are tired. It is exhausting. I have had three kids over the last three years, but I would not change it for the world. And I plan to have more children. I am exhausted, but I am so happy there is nothing better. The highest point of my day is listening to the things that my children are saying as their brains are coming online. They think they know so much, but they really know nothing. They know nothing.


And then you have my 3-year-old son who has decided that he's the authority teaching things to my 2-year-old daughter. And she's listening to him and respecting his authority, but nothing he's saying is making sense. I'm driving the car and listening to the two of them talk, and he's telling her things like, don't break mommy's glasses or we're, we're gonna have to call the police. She says, I don't, I don't wanna call the police. Okay, well then don't break mommy's glasses. Completely arbitrary. It's not true. We, she doesn't have to go to jail if she breaks mommy's glasses. But there's this little, it's these little moments and they're so cute and they're amazing. And So it just, it boggles my mind that they can't see that they are the bigots. Okay? And that ex ballerina, Hannah, anyone did not jump onto your account and look through all of your videos and diagnose you as unhappy.


You jumped onto her account, saw that she was loved and adored because for the first time, stay-at-home moms are seeing somebody that is presenting their way of life. Like, and yes, we understand her husband has money, doesn't make a difference. And come down here to Tennessee and see people that still have eight, nine children. And guess what? They are happy they are fulfilled. Truly. I know that boggles your mind. You need to problematize it. But they are happy Caroline. So we are happy to issue a correction here. She didn't say fall of Rome. And that last one guy, she said, fall of Roe. And I still think she's wrong and I wanna invite her onto this platform. And I also just wanted to add this for you because as you were mocking Christians by suggesting that Christians don't read, I wanted to remind you that all of your fluffy ideas about feminism you got, because what you went to Columbia, you noted that we used to work together.


You thought that I was keeping it a secret. I was actually extending a courtesy to you because you asked me not to. You wanted to stay off record when I told you that I wanted to include your thoughts in my book. Yes, we did work together. I think you're a very talented writer, but I also think that your ideas are a little kooky and you've got these kooky ideas because you're a feminist and feminism is something that you were likely taught in university and you think you're so brilliant because you learned it in university with these fiction books. But guess who created the university system? Where does college come from? Christians. Christians actually pulled up, I'm gonna pull up a list for you. Harvard was named after a Christian minister. Yale was started by clergymen and Princeton's first year class.


Year of class was taught by Reverend Jonathan Dickinson in the United Kingdom. The earliest university type establishment was probably the college established by the Celtic preacher in about a 500 Oxford University was established by various religious orders. Likewise, Cambridge University was established in 1209 by Christian leaders. St. Andrews Scotland's oldest university was founded principally for the teaching and the study of theology. So you're welcome, you are welcome. Okay, the Bible inspired that and unfortunately now things that are antithetical to the Bible have been poisoning the university system. Again, I invite you to come onto this show and to have a discussion with me.


And since you're so brilliant And so passionate, instead of blocking me as you have done, because you guys like to live in echo chambers, maybe come learn about how not the alt right as you've termed us, we're not the alternative, right? We're now the majority of this country. You're the alt left. Maybe come learn about how the other side lives. And that's all I'm gonna say about that topic. You guys, I do want to tell you, we do very much wanna speak much more about Matt Gates. Obviously you have seen that Pam Bondi is, is now going to be the attorney general, but Gates has also confirmed that he's not going to be returning to Congress at all. He's, he's just withdrawn, not only from aging consideration, but he's not going back to Congress, which is really interesting.


Pam Bondy is now the attorney general pick after his withdrawal. And you know, I have some thoughts about that people, a lot of people in the deep state like her as a pick. So that is a question mark to me. I can tell you on the surface she's welllike conservatives like her. I don't, I have never had a bad experience with her. There's something I can share there. But the story of Matt Gates and we weren't sure why he withdrew. I discovered that in a very long thread on Twitter this morning, and I decided that that deserves an entire episode next week of what happened to him. I don't think you realize how much the state went after him and two was involved in it. It's shocking. So we are going to be sure to cover that next week.


Okay?


Lastly, you guys, let's get into some of your comments. Before we get into that, I wanna remind you about American Financing. The Fed has dropped interest rates as you guys know. So you need to call my friends in American Financing. And now is the perfect time to cons consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards because of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, even childcare with credit card rates being so high, that debt can get expensive. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you, saving an average of over 800, a hundred dollars a month or even closing summon as fast as as 10 days. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens all.


Let's get into some of your comments. What are you guys thinking about all this? What are you guys thinking about Kamala? This is crazy. Okay, this is, I I don't think it's her dad, I'm just gonna say it right now. I do not feel strongly that it's her dad. So if one of you guys is around Kamala and a piece of her hair falls, call me. I'm not saying what I'm gonna do with that piece of hair, but call me. Okay? I'm gonna tell you it's not gonna be witchcraft, it's gonna be more genealogy, okay? First comment is from Serb. He writes, is it possible that Donald Terrace is Indian and Kamala's uncle? And that he stole the name of the baby to which Beryl was a witness? Remember, I, I am thinking, yes, I am thinking on the basis of what we have learned about the caste system and that it is highly unlikely that Shamal Golin given her status as an Indian, would have been allowed to marry Donald Harris and had had that marriage been accepted without him also being from the same caste system.


I think it's, it's likely that he is from the same caste system, but I also, I've just never really been convinced that those are her parents. That's the other thing. I mean, when you see her next to her mother, she looks nothing like her and she looks nothing like her sister. And I'm just like, what's going on here? And then her sister also very involved the Hillary Clinton campaign, like they're just very political in a way that makes me uncomfortable. It's Archie writes, Hey Candace, I'm interested in your thoughts on the illegal immigrant that killed black and Riley getting life in prison on the American taxpayer dollars versus the death penalty or getting deported. If he was supported, he'd probably would kill again. So that would, that would be freedom. I actually am staunchly against the death penalty.


I'm against it as a Catholic, but I'm also against the death penalty because I think it's the easy way out. Principally I'm against it. How great you get to get a shot and go to sleep. Wow, wonderful. That woman, that young woman fought for her life for 18 minutes and you're telling me this person's gonna get to be just go to go to sleep someday versus being in a prison which is actually really hard and potentially being treated like someone who raped and killed a young lady. I, I would rather go with life in prison. Matilda Wrights saw a 2009 clip of Kamala on the Oprah Winfrey show. She announced her as the first African American female da. Even if she was black, that description is still inaccurate.


Yeah, I don't even know way where when she, somebody said African, I was like, where? That's not even a question about whether or not she's African a dancers just no, no, no, no, no. Nobody in that family. The entire lineage came from Africa. So that's a nonsense. But you know, Kamala can be whatever Kamala wants to be, she wakes up and decides what she wants to be for the day. Sarah writes, you guys should check out the Israeli government. Netanyahu's influence is dying down. Everyone wants him out, especially Israeli citizens. Yeah, I'm aware by the way, before October 7th happened, there were protests and people wanted him gone, which is why it's just amazing. He, he only receives this welcome and applause in America. And you have to ask yourself why. And there are a lot of questions that we should be asking about the American Israeli relationship. I believe so, and especially as we are today is actually, I believe the anniversary of JFK being shot.


I I, I don Dunno if call that a death anniversary. And you know, we know that leading up to his death, these documents are still classified. But we know that he was having very heated arguments with the Israeli Prime Minister at the time and they won't release those conversations. And I think they should release those conversations. What do you think Anir writes? Wasn't Jordan Peterson a professor at McGill? Oh, was he? Was he, what's going on? What's going on guys? What are you saying? What are you guys saying over there? What are you guys saying on the internet? What do you mean who say who? Who are you Anwar? Is this true? Mark Skyler, you guys come out here right now and tell me if Anwar is telling the truth you guys need.


Oh, I don't know If you guys could hear that, but they said he's telling the truth. What Anir don't do this. Anir do not do this. Do I have to do the gene genealogy of Dr. Jordan Peterson? A psychologist? A psychologist, no less. Oh, I can't, I can't. He goes on and writes. Also you should have on Cavo, I hope I'm saying that right from the syriana analysis to ask him about the Christians that are being slaughtered in Syria or just interview Assad. Love you Candace. Yes. I'm very aware about what's going on in Syria. I'm very aware of the fact that Assad has been protecting Christians. I've, I've received tons of emails to that effect and I'm very aware that it just seems to be the case that our government keeps assisting in the mass murder of Christians.


And we're being told this isn't about Christianity, but every place that is Christian does have to come down, including Russia, which is what, like a 90% Orthodox Christian. Yeah. That's gotta be collapsed. It's kind of a running theme. Once you start to examine history through the lens of religion, you realize, Hmm, yesterday's the same as today. What does the Bible say? There's nothing new under the sun. It's always been a religious war, but I believe Christians in the West are just asleep at the wheel because of psychological brainwashing that takes place in our classroom and a lack of understanding of true history. But lemme tell you how I really feel Scad Kuey writes, you said that you want to do an episode about Syria, my origin country. I suggest you look into ISIS creation. Oh, I'm aware. I'm aware. Suddenly people from every nationality imaginable were involved in the fighting there.


Yeah. Who was it that said Isis was created by Obama and the West? Who said that? I can't remember, but trust me, I'm, I'm on the Middle Eastern knowing what's kind of going on there. SNE writes, Candace, how has World War Wait, Candace has World War three already started. We cannot send our kids and husbands to die. We all probably will if we don't stop this madness. How do we do that? Everybody? Information is power. I really do believe that. Which is why misinformation is power. It's why they have put so much infor misinformation have been so focused on seizing the school system, the education system, establishing the federal education via the Department of Education and just polluting the minds of our youth.


And then making people believe, being brainwashed through that they have to go to college so that they have four more years to brainwash them. And now it's kind of suddenly going the opposite direction. And that's kind of what happens naturally. The pendulum swings so far and that it just sort of snaps back really quickly and we get to be a part of the snapback, which is why I am just so optimistic every single day. Because you feel it. It's too big now. It's just too big now. It's not, the genie is not going back in that tiny little bottle I'm telling you. And even when they force their hands and they start demanding, people are censored and they come after you economically like they have with me and get her fired and then get her off of YouTube and demonetize her, the people are with me, you guys are with me. That is all that matters. You support of our show is the reason why we get to do this every day with a big old smile to my smile on my face.


Because being a happy warrior drives them even crazier. And I really am a happy warrior. I just am. I really, I just, that's, that's the Catholic effect. I think it, it really is. Just realizing they're up against God and I wouldn't wanna be on that side. So lastly, guys, reminding you that If you wanna continue to support the show, you can do that. locals.com. You can give whatever you can. I know times are tough. They're gonna get better though 'cause conservatives are about to get back in power. But If you just donate monthly, it helps us keep the show so that we don't have to be so fearful of the economic threats that we have endured since this first six months of the show. Also, you can, If you wanna just support by buying some gear, you can head to Club Candace dot com. We have our Black Friday bundle deals going on four different bundles. The stand dis get a helmet bundle, the Candace stand dis forgotten country bundle.


The stand dis Christ is king bundle because Christ is indeed king. And the stand blackout bundle. Don't forget that blackout book is autographed. We have restocked them. Of course we have more mugs. We have this mug that everybody asks us to please restock. 'cause it's so pretty. It is pretty. It's really pretty. When celebrities cry, look how pretty Poor Jayla boy, LeBron. So sad. Anyways, you guys, that's it for this week. Be happy, be happy warriors, and we will see you on Monday.