
Last we left President Trump. He had survived assassination temps. Like I said, I thought he was gonna be super chill. So I was traveling. Today I'm in Los Angeles and then I am, I literally look up on the plane and after taking a little 10 minute nap this morning, there's a guy watching Fox News and I see breaking news. you know, the judge drops the case against Trump. I'm like, goodness, what else? What more can happen? Breaking news, Donald Trump to announce who his VP is. And so Trump has announced that the Vice President And, there were a lot of rumors that this was going to be the case. I think for whatever reason, which still confuses me, it was between JD Vance and also Bergham. I hope that was very strange. And also homeboy from Florida, Marco Rubio thought that was pretty strange.


And then he very quickly decided after having survived assassination, time to go with J Vans. So people have a lot of feelings online. People are not exactly thrilled about this online. I am seeing a lot of people claim that he's a NeoCon. JD Vance is a NeoCon and a lot of people are digging up his old articles and his old rhetoric and saying, look at, he was a never Trumper. And he is making, I'm preferring a Trump. Now. Trump is making the same mistakes. And this has been a fear of a lot of people. So, I wanna just First and foremost acknowledge that fear that we think that we could get Trump over the finish line, and that he is gonna surround himself with a class of neocons and a class of people who are beholden to foreign countries, foreign nations.


And he is not actually gonna get much done for the American, the American first party, so to speak. People that do not wanna hear a president get up on stage in opine about what's happening in Ukraine. People that don't really wanna hear our president get up on stage and talk about what's happening in Israel, or talk about how we need to send money overseas, but actually is going to address what is happening to Americans. And so when you see something like JD Vance, you see someone like JD Vance and you can look back and see all of his rhetoric and you wonder, okay, did he really do a complete 180 as he said he's done. And suddenly he supports Trump. And Trump endorsed him for the Senate and then he, he won his Senate seat. Now If, you guys are not clear on who JD Vance is. He is a senator that is from Ohio, and he has a great backstory.


People who have read his book, I'm not one of them, but I do know that his backstory that he's told, essentially he grew up in a tough situation. He, his parents were divorced. His mother or father I think was his mother, was a drug addict. So he's had a hard knock life. He's been through the school of hard knocks, but through hard work and also obviously his own brilliance, wound up attending Yale and has now kind of jumped into the political scene. So here's what I'm gonna say. Typically, I have some intel on people from behind the scenes. and I tell you, I don't like this person or this person acts this way. What I can say about JD Vance is, I personally have not dealt with him, but I trust the people who trust JD Vance.


Okay, now you may say, shouldn't trust somebody third party. No, it means something. When Tucker Carlson, who is, has been a warrior for America, who has taken a ton of figurative bullets for, for America, who has lost his job for taking a stance that we should be America first. And because he refused to tow the line, whether it be on vaccines or whether it be on Ukraine, it means a lot when Trump, when Trump, when Tucker Carlston says, I like this guy and this guy is well suited to be vice president of the United States I. know some other concerns people have is they're saying, well, Peter Thiel, I is funded his way through the Senate. I'm not clear on what the issue is there. With Peter Thiel having funded his way through the Senate, Peter Thiel has funded actually a lot of very American first projects, very American first organizations.


I, I'm just not clear on why people are pointing that out of like, he's a part of the billionaire class. I think Peter Thiel has asserted himself as, yes, he has money. Yes, he is a billionaire, but he certainly has not been, I would say towing the typical billionaire class line. So if your concerns are that JD Vance is doing the thing that a lot of people have done where they were anti-Trump, and then they realized Trump was in office, and so they said some things and then supported him, and your concern is that he is gonna do a complete 180, I would say you can, you can calm down only because my viewpoint is the individuals that have done that, those suspicious individuals, we already know who they are because they went for Ron DeSantis.


In my view, and I hate to say this, I don't have an issue with Ron DeSantis, but I will say neocons loved Ron DeSantis. That's a fact. Okay, so If, you were gonna do the fake, I'm okay with Trump for four years and then suddenly break away from Trump. He would've done it by joining Ron DeSantis and getting behind Ron DeSantis. And don't forget, a lot of people were tired of Trump, were tired of the rhetoric, wanted something different. And it was like, poof, explosion. Everybody support Ron DeSantis. He's gonna be Trump without the drama. So any person that instantly got behind Trump without the drama and put a gator in their profile, you could say, would be a suspicious pick for vice president.


I think the reality is, is that Trump needed to elect somebody who was assassination proof. What I mean by that is that if Donald Trump had elected somebody who was like a Tim Scott, like a Nicki Haley, like a neo cla NeoCon class individual, they would've taken him out there. There's still a plausibility by the way, that they're going to try to assassinate Donald Trump again. But there was less of a plausibility now that he has made his VP pick, because they are now realizing, okay, well then I'm gonna have to deal with JD Vance. And in terms of the way that he's been voting, I don't, I'm not reading NeoCon, right? He didn't vote for the anti speech bill. He hasn't voted to, actually, he was one of the loan people who did not, when it came down to an emergency vote and money got sent recently, a huge aid package over to Israel and Ukraine, JD Vance didn't support it, right?


So If, you actually look at how he has been voting and not his Reddit from 2016, which I am going to say is okay, only because I wouldn't exist. If, you guys judged me by that same measure. Don't forget, in 2016, I was not a Trumper, you know, I was watching the election, I didn't vote against him, but I, I think everybody in 2015 had the same feeling where, and JD Vance has been outspoken and said, I didn't think he would be a good president. I think that's fair. Famous is the guy that was saying, you're fired on tv. you know, nobody actually, well, some people really did have the vision and were like, this guy's going all the way. And Trump is, is is my guy. But I think it's fair that many people had hangups back in 2016. I generally think it's fair.


People hangups in 2016. I'm hopeful about JD Vance, right? and I think that the people that are holding out, rightfully so, again, I, I don't wanna make you guys feel like you're crazy for being suspicious. We just watched President Trump get shot at on tv. So of course we are now looking at everybody as suspicious. But I do think that JD has proven, proven himself over the years because if he was gonna break for Trump, he would've gone with Juan DeSantis. That would've been his opportunity. He didn't do it. Now, switching to something even more important guys, even more important, the FBI has come out and said that they for whatever reason are not going to be able to access this lone shooter's phone, guys.


Nope. They can't do it. So You know the FBI, the NSA, the people that you speak a sentence, you know, like, Hey, I like those pair of jeans. And then suddenly the pair of jeans appears on your phone and you're going, is my phone listening to me? Yeah. The FBI who and the NSA, all of the intelligent agencies, which were quickly established after nine 11 because they were gonna rescue us from terrorists. Now in reality, they were the terrorists. They are the terrorists. I think we are. So now the intelligent agencies are the terrorists. What they actually wanna do is have more access and more data than ever before. You know the, the same agencies that now for whatever reason, I dunno, If, you guys have phone recently, they wanna take a picture of you every time you fly.


And then this is obviously to make us more safe and they need more information all the time. They need to know what, what you're doing minute by minute. This is how they were able to track down every single grandma on January 6th, that FBI, those intelligent agencies. Well, you're not gonna believe who got 'em. It wasn't Al-Qaeda, it wasn't Taliban, it was this dweeby looking Black Rock sponsored potentially, at least we know that he was in, I should be more clear here. Obviously we know the shooter was featured in a Black rock ad, which is immediately suspicious. But this guy who doesn't even look like he can grow facial hair has somehow baffled the FBI.


Yeah. Doesn't need, like he get a little stubble on his chin, but he has somehow baffled the FBI. They, they are going, we cannot get into this phone. Now, if I were a conspiracy theorist, and I'm not, not a conspiracy theorist, some people might be thinking though those conspiracy theorists might be thinking like, maybe it's 'cause the FBI did it. Maybe the FBI doesn't wanna get into the phone that connects the kid to the deep state. Have you guys also seen, by the way, since we're talking about this, please tell me you saw this, that both of his parents are behavioral psychologists.


I mean seriously burn me, guys, just burn me. I can't do this anymore. Everything that I have been talking to you about this year when I have been demanding that you all read that book, chaos, Charles Manson, the CIA and the nine and, and the Secret History of the sixties is what it's called. That entire book makes it abundantly evident that the CIA, the FBI, our intelligent agencies have been running psychological operations and they have been running these operations on random individuals, a lot of people that are in the system. So Charles Manson was somebody who spent a lot of time in prison and Charles Manson then became a federal asset. And his, he was tasked with brainwashing people into doing things right, brainwashing people into committing crimes. The FBI, Charles Manson, factually speaking, was an MK Ultra federal asset.


Okay? So once you, we arrive at that understanding, everything else becomes plausible. Once you recognize that the, our intelligence agencies are crooked, they are murderers. They shot a sitting president and who was driving down the street in Dallas with his wife waving and they do these things and then send their little media operation mockingbirds to delude the public. And some of the public bites this, they go, no, maybe it really is that difficult to get into this iPhone that they, that they can't buy this information. But once you accept that, you start to look at these situations when you see that the two parents, and I'm not accusing them of anything, but I have questions I'd like to know more about these parents who only, you know, gave a statement to CNN and then said they were gonna deal with the, the agencies and you're a behavioral psychologist.


What kind of a behavioral psychologist would produce a child that's capable of doing this? Okay? It's looking more and more suspicious to me. And for those of you that do not think it is plausible that our intelligence agencies are ha and have been since the sixties, creating mentoring candidates. For those of you that are not familiar with that movie, quite literally psychologically, getting people to respond to a trigger. Maybe you say a word, maybe you say Catcher in the Rye. I think Catcher in the Rye was actually the trigger for the individual who shot John Lennon, who was a Arian candidate. And I'm not saying any of this, you guys, as a conspiracy. These, these are verifiable facts.


You can look us up on your own. The CIA agents, the CIA agent that was the doorman, the night that John Lennon got shot from Cuba, he was like, like literally it's unbelievable. And once you, once you comprehend that Manchurian candidates are real at the FBI that the CIA has run programs trying in the sixties is when they began really leveling up trying to create manuring candidates. Then when you see these people that are described as lone shooters, lone shooters, who were he? He was somehow able to know which rooftop first. How did he even get up there? How did he even scale the rooftop? And you're telling me they're gonna give us no other information.


They're, they're not gonna tell us. Like, did you find a diary? Did you find anything? Did you go into his house and and see was he looking at the venue ahead of time? This kid's now like, what an expert house. Scaler climber. And he did that and no one saw him unload his rifle and throw it onto his back. No one saw that. Not even the Secret Service whose job it literally was to see that. I just wanna know who's buying it. Just like a show of hands right now, a show of who's buying this crap, who's buying it, okay, So I. Just, I just, I I really need to know that all around the world, people are waking up to the fact of the deep state is real.


Okay? When we say the deep state, we are referring to intelligence agencies that are actually all the same. So If, you say the CIA, we can call them whoever you want. you know, the, the CIA, the Mossad, it's all globalists now they're all working together. There's a s very small group of oligarchs who are, are working together with the mission to enslave the world, okay? And they do this through various means. I believe it is my belief, I believe it's to be true that these individuals have been selecting presidents for a very long time. How long? I don't know. I, I would say since they shot the last Catholic president, and I'm not talking about obviously Joe Biden, I'm talking about JFK, I think that is when the American government got overrun.


That's my viewpoint. So I, don't know if that's If. you guys agree with that? I'm gonna take some of your comments here and just to see what you guys are thinking about JD Vance. I, I was just very surprised by the way to see so many people react that way to him. Online people seem very upset. don don't know who they wanted the pick to be probably vi vague. It would've been a great pick. Some people said Tucker Carlson, guys, we gotta get realistic. Okay? Tucker does not want to be the vice president of the United States. He's been very clear about the fact that he just wants to produce his show and we need Tucker where he's at. We need him disrupting the media, right? In the same way people say to me, I want you to go to office. I would much rather be out here talking to you guys about your need to go read a book called Chaos so you understand what we are up against, okay? Because these people are psychopathic, they are satanic, they have killed presidents.


Many presidents beyond presidents, even people that they view to be a risk coming up in politics. They have murdered people. They murdered MLK, this is the same group that murdered MLK, they're now after Donald Trump. He did the right thing by immediately announcing for his own safety that he had a VP pick. and I very much hope that he is getting his own private security. By the way, I just wanna say this, this doing these sorts of lives. I have so many advertisers that I wanna shut out because they're the reason that I get to keep this show going. You guys being the number one people. So many of you guys send up@locals.com to support the


show. Gold Co is another one of my big sponsors that have not backed down at all. You've heard me Griff about them, but they are the precious metals company. They have tons of five star reviews. For those of you that are looking for an, you know, something physical, you're worried about your savings, this is the way to do it. You should definitely go to Candace likes gold.com. They've helped me buy Precious metals. They made the process extremely easy. All you have to do is make a minimum $15,000 cash purchase and you'll get a 5% instant match in bonus silver, possibly the easiest 5% that you will ever make. So if you're watching this live, go to Candace likes gold.com. You're looking for somewhere to put your money. I think that's probably a, a good bet. You can also call them by the way, eight five five two two two gold. So you can go to Candace like gold.com. I think that's easier. Or call 8 5 5 2 2 2 Gold


All. right? Let me see what you guys are saying here. You guys are saying JFK 2.0 yes, All, right? By the way, is there anybody in this chat that believes that JFK was shot by Russia? 'cause I'd actually would like to know, like if there's anybody that actually buys that, like JFK after they classified eight years later, Russia has something to do with it. Because whoever you are, you are gonna get hustled your whole life. If. you do not wake up to it. Somebody's talking about Fink. Nobody believes that. Thank you for saying my shirt is cute. Thank you for saying I look beautiful. I've actually, I I I just got my makeup done. That's why I look, I look so nice because I'm headed over to Nick Cannon's. I'm gonna do Nick Cannon's podcast. And of course, like I said, I wasn't supposed to do a show today, but I just have to respond to the JD Vans thing and I'm just want you guys to consider where Trump is at, what, what emotions he must be going through.


By the way, tomorrow on the show, I ha when I'm actually able to pull in clips, somebody predicted this, this guy who said he had dreams and I don't know saw spirits predicted. He said he saw Trump get shot in his ear and said that it like, it it, he injured his eardrum. This is what he said he saw on the vision and that Trump would survive it and that it would radically transform him and that he would actually be saved. That he would become a Christian, like a real Christian because of this. Which is why I saw this and I was like, oh my gosh, if this guy predicted this, that he saw this, actually, maybe he's a suspect. I should go really find out who this guy is. I'm gonna show you that clip though tomorrow.


Not only did he predict that and then said that this would be like a radical conversion for Trump to faith, but I I have to show the clip. It's, it's just absolutely astounding. That's someone would have predicted that or seen that in a vision. And he says that Trump wins the election. Listen, I'm not a person that believes in pro intoxication and I. I, I put nothing past the Democrats and the left. I shouldn't even say the Democrats because I believe that many people now are awake and I don't wanna, wanna don don't wanna isolate people by saying like, you know, Democrats I think even are sensible enough not to want Trump dead, right? But it's just incredible like his, his vision, him having seen that as he said and then having exactly that happen totally freaks me out. I'm gonna show you guys that tomorrow, I'm also going to make sure we dedicate time speaking about the man who lost his life that day.


'cause we don't talk enough about that. And he only followed 60 people on Twitter and I was one of them. and I went back and saw how he was engaging with me on Twitter and I mean he just seemed like a real one. you know, like very awake to the government as many of us are. Anyways, a couple of questions I'm gonna take real quick. Okay, this moves pretty quickly, okay? Actually it moves way too quickly. So, I cannot, I actually cannot answer any questions here but okay, we've got some super chats actually. Lemme see. These are good. I love you. You have my daughter, someone smart and positive, modest and beautiful to look up to. Thank you so much Max powers, that's so kind of you to say.


PE Phillips is just giving us a super chat and doesn't even have a question. Luna says, thanks Candace for coming on for what is another missed day off Candace, thanks for just your worthy journalism, praying for you. Always with vague for press speaker, new mesh idea, a sweater that says conspiracy theorist. Great idea. New Mers drop. That is right you guys because we are now retiring the stand cup at the end of this week 'cause we hit 2 million subs. And again, thank you guys that have been supporting us@locals.com. You can head over there and you can come a monthly supporter at any price point that you can. Or as I say, you guys just pray for us because we all need it. We all need prayers right now in America, but I'm gonna end this live and because I'm not supposed to be on it, but I absolutely had to respond.


I think JD Vance is good. In summation, I think JD Vance is a good pick. I think he is assassination proof. I don't think that he wants forever wars and that's who they always wanna kill. At the end of the day, we are fighting the military industrial complex and I do not see Janie Vance as a member of it. I also think he is brilliant. I think that he will do the necessary deep dives on a lot of the bills that Trump perhaps will not have the time to do. and I think that the deep state would not want Janie Vance to be the president. So all of these are good things. The FBI is still crooked af and they are absolutely lying about accessing his phone. He is not a lone shooter. This was a coordinated attack. and I would again, love to see more about what the shooter's family is involved in in their behavioral psychology.


All, right guys. I will see you tomorrow for an official show. Bye.