
All Rise Court is now in session. Man, I have been waiting to say that the plaintiff is Candace Owens. The defendant is Kamala Harris. The case before the judge is that she says she's black and I say she is not. And So it is an honor for me to host Judge Joe Brown who has been making the rounds because he vaguely remembers a conversation. Not vaguely. He very much remembers a conversation that he had with her daddy. And the things that Kamala is saying today don't really match what Kamala's father Donald Harris told Judge Joe Brown, welcome to Candace. Well, The judge is sitting the house, dear, so here I am. Anyway, I came right down the road from Memphis, not too far.


So you have been all over the news actually right now. You probably are not on Twitter, but you have, there's a clip of you that's gone absolutely viral. Well, I am on Twitter X. Oh yeah, you're on X. Okay, good. Yeah, You can get me at Judge Joe Brown tv. Okay. So have you, did you know that you were going viral this morning? No, I didn't, but it wouldn't be the first time. And then they tried to knock that down. Kwame Brown and I did a thing two or three years back and we got up to 9.8 million views, which is definitely viral. But then we started knowing that the views started dropping and then If you look at it now, it's like 800,000. I guess they didn't want anybody to look at 9.8 million.


You want to see what's going on. Well, that's not anything compared to what Trump and Musk get on X. Yeah, well the numbers that you're pulling right now I would say are equivalent to Trump and Musk, particularly a clip of you that's on stage. So I'm gonna tell you what I saw, and I've actually played clips of you on my show as well. The thing that I love about judges is you guys just, you tend to have a really good memory and a great record with the truth. And I can say after speaking with you leading up to this, you don't forget a thing. You do not. Sometimes You wanna forget some things. You say, oh no, did I do that back when? But then sometimes you don't. Yeah. And you, you clearly remember a lot and you were running the exact same circles as Kamala Harris.


You're out out in California. So can you explain to us how you met her father? Just how that came about? What was going on is my, well, this is a convoluted story. Magic Johnson's mother, a fine woman, and one of her buddies who was the oldest sister of a personal friend of mine, would always involve me in these projects with the islands, right? So they got me down there and I was supposed to participate in the youth program in Jamaica. So I was the guest of the Prime Minister and the Governor General. And who was that at the time?


Well, let's not get into that because there's some complications with that. We, my ex and I, we were attendees at this dinner, so we got introduced to everybody's favorite Hindu professor. And you were sitting next to my ex-wife or wife at the time for a while. So we all had this back and forth questioning thing at the table. So it was quite interesting. And I'd also, I recalled running to him back in the sixties.


He and his wife were grad students up in the Bay Area and I was an undergrad at UCLA, so there was a back and forth between Los Angeles man where you go crazy and then go to the asylum up in the Bay Area. So it was interesting what was going on back then. So how was his demeanor when you guys are at this dinner and you're in Jamaica, what, what do you think about him? He's reserved. Reserved, Okay. Dignified, laid back, But still involved in, in my understanding is that he's been involved in, in politics actually for a long time. Has had an interest in politics his entire life.


I would say Yes, quite. I'd called him a Marxist. A Marxist. And that is exactly what I've heard from a family member of his, that he, from the time he was very young, was always involved in Marxist meetings and Marxist groups. Kind of a died in the Wami. I don't think that's something that he's ashamed of, by the way. I think he wrote about in the Jamaican Global online, how he was sort of raised up on the politics via his, who he purports to be his grandmother, Christiana Brown. But it's interesting that you said you were introduced to a Hindu professor. What made you think that he was Hindu? That's the introduction. That was the introduction. Okay.


And your wife, What is she? No. Did she, did she get to talk to him about that? She talked to him and it was interesting because at that time there was no reason to put him with anybody special until you started putting all of it together. He was a Marxist and when he was up in the Bay Area, a lot of things were going on up there. That was the Liberty Park up there were in 1964. A lot of what was going on that led to the rousing unrest of the sixties and the public demonstrations was happening.


My in-laws were from up there and I didn't know them then because I think my ex-wife was born the same year that Kamala was born. So, you know, this was before all of that. But this was the locust of a lot of things going on. The Black Panther party was up there developed, So it was pretty radical in Berkeley, Oakland, Richmond, and this is where the action was, UCLA was in Los Angeles, that was a bit more civilized, you know, really wild up there in the Bay Area.


So he gravitated to that. That's the way I would analyze it. So there was a Marxist thing up there also. This was during the rise of Jim Jones, which is another thing, you know, Jim Jones, the Kool-Aid and the picnic Kamala sponsor, Willie Brown, Maxine Waters, and some other people were, Nancy Pelosi, were staunch supporters of Jim Jones. Interesting. Yes. You need to look into that.


You'll find some very interesting things like, hey, this was your mentor and he was a supporter of this. So it, it was a, a sinner for a lot of radicalism at the time. So it's so funny how life happens this year, and I don't even know what the reason was. Actually, I do, A friend of mine sent me a book and the book was called Chaos. And she said, you'll love this for your birthday. I read and I, I opened the book and I couldn't put it down. It was the subtitle of the book is something along the lines of Charles Manson MK Ultra in the 1960s. Okay. And essentially it's this reporter who was just supposed to write a magazine article on, on, on like the 30th anniversary of the Manson murders.


And he had no horse in the race starts doing, calling around, making some calls. He was very well known and everyone was scared to talk to him. Long story short, he ends up finding that the CIA was intimately involved and, and now this is public knowledge, you can look us up on Wikipedia, that Charles Manson was fed, that the CIA was involved was there the night of the Manson murders. He's, it takes him 30 years. He ended up getting fired from the magazine. He ends up writing this book. He went completely broke 'cause he had to do so many FOIA requests. 'cause he was going, what is happening? What really actually happened on this night? And the reason why I'm bringing this up is because elements of this book, as he goes through, understanding that the feds were involved with a lot of this radicalism that people thought was organic.


The the, whether we're talking about the hippies movement, LSD, things that were happening that to the public seemed to be sort of, these natural movements actually entailed operations from the Fed COINTEL Pro, MK Ultra. You're talking about the Black Panthers. Some students broke into the FBI office at that time and were able to get documents which showed that the feds were tracking a bunch of people. Obviously you know that with Martin Luther King and this journalist who was from San Francisco and attended Berkeley recently wrote a piece saying that he knew that Kamala's mother was involved with the feds and the program, the program MK Ultra. And when I read this, it seemed so far out.


And then as I was learning from Donald's family that he was a died in the wool communist. And I'm learning that he was extremely secretive. And I'm kind of thinking why was Kamala's mom who was like a top rated scientist? Maybe that's why they don't seem to, they didn't seem to be able to stand each other after a while. There seems to have been some great animosity between mom and dad and when they broke up you might be hitting on the source of the problems that was very widespread. People don't understand what that was like back in the sixties to be active. We would have meetings or gatherings and three weeks later the FBI is hauling you in and quoting to you what you said.


And you'd say, yeah, freedom of speech First Amendment. You got that? No, I'm not gonna tell you this 'cause you'll get me for making a knowingly false statement. Screw you, I'll take the fifth on that or get me back. And it always managed to get you so they could take your phone book and get the numbers out of it. So you took to no longer carrying your black book with you because no telling when the FBI is gonna pick you up. And by the way, I was the last judge on that James Earl Ray case. And I know what the FBI did. Wow, that quick summation to set the background Ray had absolutely nothing to do with King dying.


The FBI ordered that hit, they recruited the two man sniper team, not one from Quantico Marine Sniper School, which was right across the tarmac from the FBI school. They supplied the weapon, which is an XM 21, which is a modified M 14 I do have in various places around the country, the serial numbers for the five of 'em. They got on an invoice late December, 1967 and 5,000 rounds of the ammunition that are identical in aspects to what they pulled outta King's body. The next thing is, is the Justice Department ordered them to return the five rifles.


April 68. That's the month King was assassinated and they claimed they lost one. That's the murder weapon. And they have the serial numbers for the four they did return. So they only made 63 of 'em at the time. So the FB i's suspect this COINTEL Pro developed later. But they had the SIS unit and if anybody wants to read about that, get the Glass House tapes written by Louis Tack, wood tack. Wood scared the hell out of me. And a lot of other people, we knew him as supposedly somebody who had been a medic in the norm. And he came back and he was treating people who got injured in the sixties.


It was chaotic in those days. And I remember I was in law school and I went to watch this murder trial downtown LA and they brought it and I said, that's Dack wood. Not only was he not a snitch, they introduced him as Lieutenant Wow Lewis Tack, wood Vice Commander, the SIS unit for LAPD. Everybody was going, oh man, this dude know everything. But he didn't tell on everybody. But this was real. And I know 15, 16 people that I was acquainted with that got shot to death who were active in these movement situations.


This has been a strange election.


The Dems have made it apparent that they are zealous for the blood of babies. Kamala Harris is the first vice presidential candidate to ever visit an abortion facility. As first things reported, Tim Waltz supports the right to infanticide. Did you hear me? Infanticide is the taking of a baby's life after birth. It is, like I said, insane. The media has dubbed this, the abortion election. We must take a stand against this evil. When you join forces with pre-born the largest pro-life organization in the nation, you are protecting the greatest victims in our society. Babies in their mother's womb, PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the nation. And they have rescued over 300,000 babies. When a woman considering abortion searches to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there. PreBorn gives these women in need a free ultrasound. The power of hearing the baby's heartbeat on an ultrasound combined with God's love doubles a baby's chance at life. One ultrasound costs just $28 and up to five ultrasounds are $140. And they can save lives. Any gift will help their cause. And all gifts are tax deductible. To donate securely, you just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Why did the F So obviously by the way, you've said something very big in terms of a lot of people who are young and are not well read up on history, real history. What they learned in the classroom is essentially a fairytale. I've, I've known that the, oh yes, fbi, I killed mlk. Most people understand the FBI killed MLK. But why? They were tapping him, they were threatening him. They were, you know, everything was crazy. And, and we could talk about JFK too, but what was their reason for being so obsessed with the Black Panthers with with, you know, they murdered many of the Panthers as well. They murdered Martin Luther King Jr. And it's also very scary that they can do these things and then print out textbooks that say, oh no, this random guy didn't, you know, like, so what was their reason?


What was their, what was their obsession with wanting to infiltrate these movements? They were concerned about what was going on in the Nam. There's a big hookup with everybody that we've been talking about. Also Obama's people, Barry Soto's people and the nam, the idea, for instance, the memoranda we got ahold of with the king assassination thing, they were not worried about him starting civil rights back. That was dead. Civil rights was dead and gone by the mid 1960s.


It had been replaced by a militant saying the FBI memorandum. Actually they were discussing whether he'd be more dangerous as a dead martyr or as alive somebody to galvanize the anti-war movement and revitalize labor. Those were the two things they were concerned about. I recruited John Huggins, Bunche Carter, Geronimo Pratt, Elaine Brown, Nat Clark, and a few other people who were in the Panthers to UCLA back in the sixties. And it was the same thing with them. What were they gonna do about getting people wrapped up in this militancy of saying, we're not gonna be down on our knees while somebody beats us across the head anymore and somebody else feels guilty, we're gonna do something about it.


And I've seen the stories that came out of the assassination of John and Bunche at UCLA. Hell I was there, they ran right past me when all, not John, but the, his assassins are running right past me. They had shot John in the back twice and he died of that. But not before he set up and fired six shots at him, the guy that shot him and three others running down the hallway. Elaine Brown and I were getting ready to go up some stairs when this went off. So it's interesting, the LAPD detectives that were investigating the homicides, they wound up calling some of us and say, could you meet us out of all places Denny's, or why not at the police precinct?


Because it's not safe. Somebody on our side is not working on our side. They're working with something else. And we have caused to be fearful of our lives, meaning they, the detectives. So we would have these meetings in some weird places and we'd discuss stuff and they'd say, you know, we can't, we trying to make a bust, but only people that know are in our department. And when we get there, somebody's already told. And Yeah, so that was being gone. That was a huge piece of that chaos book was that it made me understand that the, the feds have people at the LAPD office that do the cleanups that are watching everybody to see what they're investigating and also at the medical examiner's office, the coroner's office, like making sure that the reports say what they want them to say so that they can present their case.


I mean he showed from top to bottom like judges, lawyers, the L-A-P-D-I-I, I would never live in LA after reading this book. 'cause you realize it's just an entire operation. They can make you disappear, they'll kill you and you'll be none the better. And that almost directly ties in with what we're learning about the Diddy case, which is like, okay, that he knew who to call at the LAPD to come over and to make something disappear if things got out of hand or if somebody was shot or somebody got hurt. And so this has been going on and I think this discussion is really important. Since the sixties I've been really working hard for people to wake up about who your government is. But I'm fascinated that you say that you think it was about the war, because that really was my takeaway from that book. Chaos was they needed the hippies generation to end and having this big fake staged Hollywood murder that the CIA was actually involved in.


Charles Manson was a fed, was a way to traumatize with propaganda, was to traumatize the public, the hippie communes, everyone's love rock and roll, let's not go to war. And he basically said overnight because of this, these horrific murders, people started locking their doors. They were afraid of hippies. And the music died that day. Nobody wanted anything with like peace, love, rock and roll and LSD because they were just all told and following this case. So we're talking about a psychological operation that was enacted on the public to create a mass psychosis. And you're virtually saying the exact same thing. What was their worry? Well, the people didn't wanna go to war and they, they, they had war on the mind and they wanted to get to war and they couldn't have anybody who was militantly against it or peacefully against it.


Like the hippies were. There's another cook up too. We were talking about that rainbow thing. It's interesting how they got started in the late mid sixties. They're going around all over the country talking about this. And it was a coalition of those who hated that they weren't men. Those were the, the ones that hated men. The some of the lesbians, the ones that hated that they weren't normal men that were some of the gays, the ones that hated that they weren't strong men, the soy boys so to speak. And then the big chunk was this other EB words, big, big thing man.


You know, it's all about love, man. We got to have love, power, bed flower power being are about war. You have to change the way men are raised from boys. So they're more into expressing themselves. So you got this thing there that had the overwhelming ballast and that is the impetus for what led us to where we are now. And this was an important thing. It was an anti-man thing that developed because of this perception that men are responsible for war.


Forget about the fact that we've got a large component of the military now and some striving to be in combat arms that are female, but it was perceived to be a men man thing. So no war toys, no cap guns, no water pistols. Boys and girls had unisex child clothing, child rearing boys are supposed to be able to emote to cry, shout to let it all hang out instead of being so uptight and under self-control. And the worst thing you want is the apex predator on a planet earth to be outta control, which is exactly what they were setting up.


And this thing came together and it juxtaposed itself in a situation where Hollywood's movie studios were going bankrupt in the face of color television, A color TV up until the mid sixties. The screen looked just like this table, it was round and no bigger than that. And then they got square when the technology improved. So people were staying at home watching their colored TVs. 1967, If you were an adult, you'd pay 50 cents to get in a movie and you got two movies and they changed every Thursday and Sunday. No matter how well they did.


You got three cartoons and a couple of sub features. Walk in anytime you wanted. Stay as long as you wanted. So then somebody came up with the bright idea, let's just have one movie at a time. Keep it playing. As long as people will come, let's go get the black markets, the minority markets they wanna see themselves. That's a massive amount of money out there. Let's start using the opportunity to spread dysfunction through glorification of it. We don't want Sidney Poie ain't playing a part where he's trying to be this and that. Let's get Fred the hammer Williams to play a drug dealer like Black Caesar.


So you glorify being a pimp a hoe. And we'll come back to that in a bit. Gangster drug dealer murderer, A thief. And you got Foxy Brown with Pam Greer. And that was this whole thing where they'd have the obligatory, naked, nude scenes in the whole thing. And the plot would be somebody got killed by somebody's drug dealers and then so they wanted the revenge and then they wanted to become drug dealers. And then you got Superfly and all of that nonsense and you got glorification of dysfunction.


And the theory that I heard was that young black men are supposed to be the epitome of masculinity, so let's feminize them and then you can feminize the whole public because the young white guys will try to copy the young black guys. And If you a feminize the young black guys, you get everybody in this mess. And then that led to what they did with the rap genre, which has been stagnant for 45 years. I mean it's gotten more profane, but it hasn't changed. But also it's exceedingly homosexual. I mean everyone's gay. Yes it is. And the other thing is it's not very masculine because some of the male informed feminists say it's this sexual fantasy.


That's not what you're looking at when you're looking at the half naked bimbos bouncing on stage behind the rap artist and the gangster hip hop rap video. That's not his girlfriend, that's his mama, grand mama and their friend girls and their favorite aunts. So they ideate on feminist stuff like, who's going to take care of me? And I got women I live off of, I'm not a producer, I'm not a protector. And you got this whole downhill spiral, which is leading us to where we are right now, where there's no duty, honor, accountability, responsibility, bravery, courage.


There's no guilt, no shame to keep you self corrected and self-focused. You're not interested in making where you live a better, safer, more secure place filled with economic prosperity, sense of purpose, morality and ethics. And you're not dedicating yourself to being a man or a woman of public peace. Dignity in order. You just let it all go to hell. And you try to destroy all human character building things because anything counts. Because If you have character, and let's say you are a man, that means If you happen to be on the Titanic and it goes down, you say, ma'am, you and your child may have my seat on a lifeboat, I'll drown in the freezing waters.


What happens is you say, I've got on a dress too, so get out of the way. That's my seat. You know? Oh yeah, no, take him and throw him over there and chum the sharks with him. You know? Yeah. I mean you, you can definitely see that it's it they've kind of just continued or they moved it on. I mean it went, it's a fed operation. And then they realized the power of media, the power of Hollywood, the power of propaganda through the TV screen. And it's interesting to see that despite overwhelming evidence that that's what's happening in terms of the music and, and I know I'm on the right track, as soon as you say like gangster rap is a fed operation, as soon as you start talking about the Fed's involvement in Hollywood, the media goes crazy. The media has always been an extension of the feds. They literally paid them Operation Mockingbird after they shot jfk.


They had them on payroll to, You know, control the masses and what they think. And yet you have people who are still so controlled. And I can't think of a better example of that than looking at the fawning over Barack Obama and the fawning over Kamala Harris and their belief that magically if a journalist writes that they're black and they and and she creates this trove of fake photos of aunts and uncles and a photoshopped photo of her and her grandma Barrell, that's not her grandma. She came back from the grave. Yeah, exactly. Then suddenly people, reincarnation, people just believe it. They just go, oh, well if the media is telling me that this obviously Hindu woman is black, then I better just accept that she's going to be the first black president. And it, it's just incredible that people can't stop and process that.


Right? Yeah. The media don't, is is not telling you the truth. That's 50 years of glorification of dysfunction. Don't think just accept. Mm. And it's a propaganda thing that they've been laying out there for a long time. And back in the sixties, If you were at the right college campus, you could hear them planning it, like join both political parties to create chaos. So that's a smoke screen you can operate behind, okay, propagandize the public, take the black experience you want to be fair to the black folk in the country. So you extend that fairness to other things and you can use it as a cover. We can get into that later If you want to, but it, it is a farce and it's a bill of goods that's being sold on the public.


Now when you get into this whole thing and you get back to the FBI, you have to understand that the FBI is not a holy organization. It's a gang. How it came into existence. They wanted to get Jack Johnson. Jack Johnson was the first black world heavyweight champion. Nobody could beat him. And back then they'd have bouts 25, 30, 40 rounds worth till nobody was standing and nobody could beat him. And Jack Johnson had a white wife. So people objected to him traveling around with his white wife and her Raj and they just thought this was just horrible.


So they created the FBI, the Federal Bureau of Investigation to go get something that became the Man Act, which you can see them using on Diddy. And they used it on r Kelly. I'm not defending either one of 'em or persecuting them either or prosecuting. But that's what they were using. So what happens is Jack Johnson and his wife were going across state line Georgia to go to a seaport to go to France. And they had gotten 15 minutes in when the FBI, who were not armed in those days were accompanied by US Marshals.


They rushed the train and they arrested him to prosecuted him, convicted him, he escaped, he went to France, his mother wanted to see him and he tried to sneak back in. He got caught, served his time actually more for the escape than for the offense. Wound up dying in a car wreck in 1946. Obama wouldn't pardon him, but Trump did posthumously and for a lot of older black folk, Jack Johnson was Muhammad Ali, Joe Lewis in prototype. But that's how Hoover got started. He was assigned to the brothels in New York and he was masquerading as one of those little special taste functions on the third floor.


He was a cute little colored boy at the time, by the way, Smithsonian Institution and the History Channel, they have gotten into him being black and passing. And who? Edgar Hoover. If you look, I'll show you some pictures. I Never heard this. Oh, I'll show you some pictures. And If you look at it, If you look at it, somebody that looks more black than Kamala does. So anyway, that's how the FBI came into existence and they had made a career or a history or, and with this guy in charge for 50 some years of being very political in keeping things under control. That was his game.


World War I. He started doing this anti-German thing and then it became anti-communist. And after World War I, when they had prohibition, they got assigned the task of keeping track of legitimately produced alcohol, which was why FBI agents were supposed to be either certified public accountants or attorneys specializing in tax. Yeah, really Right in there. Macho, you know, gun slinging law enforcement. No, that's why they had special agents like Melvin Purvis and Elliot Ness, and they were stone cold killers.


And they'd each been responsible for taking 15, 20, 30 lives and they were made special agents. Interestingly enough, all of them seem to have committed suicide within a six month period in 1949. I guess they found out what Hoover was. But that's another thing. So issues, Hoover was very into some weird sexual stuff. Yeah. Which is is another thing, but also a part of this thing because Warren Moore were realizing yeah, that sexual perverts are put into positions of power and Yeah, they, they have, it's alarming, a certain viciousness about what they do, certain lack of connection with tomorrow.


So boom, they are ruthless. Not all of 'em, but a lot of 'em are very ruthless. They don't have much concern for other people and they lack altruism, the willingness to sacrifice for others. So He was definitely a homosexual. Oh yes. And and a cross and a crossdresser. Yes. So we're against, and I'm, I'm only saying this because this be, this is becoming a bit of a theme, You know, I've been looking into the Emmanuel Macron situation wife situation as well. Barack Obama had a trans madhouse Berry. Yeah, yeah.


He had a trans nanny growing up and his mother was okay with I, I didn't even know if this was like mainstream news years ago. I just learned it. And so we're starting to see like, it, it isn't possible in my listen, in my mathematical opinion that the odds are that all of these people that go on to become presidents or these tremendous positions of power have these weird sexual perversion background sort of upbringings. We're starting to see a little bit of a theme here, which kind of makes I think a person that has the capability to think on their own wonder. It's just a global operation to just kind of seed people into positions of power. And we're all just, the world is just a stage. It's A family thing too. It's A family thing. Have you ever heard of Samuel Hinkley?


Like is he related to John Hinkley? No. N-C-K-L-E-Y-H-I-N-C-K-L-E-Y. Look him up Shot. Is he related to the Hinley, the Cape? No, no remotely. But he had seven of his descendants who were US presidents. One who was a US vice president, one who was governor of Alaska. One who several billionaires. And what you find is If you look up Samuel Hinkley, they will note some of his more interesting modern relatives or descendants. So here's the way it breaks down Lolo.


So Toro Job, this is Barack just reverend's watching, that's Barack Obama's stepfather. Stepfather who he was raised with for the first eight years of his life. Oh, okay. Well the rest of his life afterwards, Barry, so Toro has an interesting situation. His mother on his maternal side, his grandfather was first cousin to president George Herbert Walker Bush. So George Herbert Walker Bush, George Walker Bush, Dick Cheney, vice president, they're all cousins. Sarah Palin is a cousin. Barack Obama is a cousin. George Herbert Walker who founds Halliburton is Uncle Herbie to all of them.


And interestingly, when he was running against John McCain, John McCain's running partner was his cousin Sarah Palin who was governor of Alaska real unholy alliance. Right. So other thing is, is the bushes for the last 150 years have been supplying international intelligence and they were into what they call paper entrepreneurialism. They would acquire businesses and sell the components off. Uncle Kby founded Halliburton had something to do with Enron as well, which was energy development.


Lolo sat, Toro was international executive vice president for Standard Oil. And he was in the oil business, but he also ran the death squads for the Indonesian army. Oh, it's funny 'cause when you look him up it just says that like, you know, what do they say that no, he was an engineer. Whatever they, it's like he did, they make it seem like he did. Oh he was a geographer. That's what it says. It says that he was a geographer who did some work for the Government. I had a brother who was into that and then the oil petroleum product production was part of it. Anyway, you get Lolo, so Toro running the death squads for the Indonesian government.


So that meant you had money, Indonesia might have had access to the world's largest oil reserves as they were per perceived at the time. So Standard Oil used his muscle and his position to take over the oil industry in Indonesia, which they couldn't do under American law. So George Herbert Walker Bush under the auspices of Uncle Herbie, George Herbert Walker sets up Zapata Oil. They have, they have a family holding company, Zapata Offshore Oil, which was chartered in Kuwait by the way.


Keep that in mind. And what winds up happening is he, George Herbert Walker dealt with Lolo. So Toro quite frequently on oil deals. And remember George Herbert Walker becomes chief of the CIA under the Ford administration and he deals with the number one contract guy over in Asia, which when the NAM was going on Lolo ran intelligence for the CIA under contract in China, North Korea, north Vietnam, Cambodia, Laos, and Indonesia.


So Barack's grandmother hustles her daughter who was 17 at the time, into a boyfriend girlfriend relationship with Rock Obama Senior, who was being recruited from Kenya to offset Jomo Kenyata in the au that was a CIA project. Grandmommy was vice president of a Hawaii bank and she distributed the funds for the CIA in the South and northwest Pacific at the time.


So That explains what they were doing out in Hawaii. She puts him together with her daughter who was 17 years old, Barack or is born. And then they quickly go their separate ways and then Grandmommy gets daughter and hooks her up with Lolo. So Toro and remember Grandmommy is married to President Bush's first cousin. So That's incredible. That's where you get this. And then you get, So Barack Obama's grandmother, the one who raised him in Hawaii, is married to, so his grandfather is married to, In other words, the grandfather is Bush's cousin, is Bush's first cousin.


Yeah. And they're all nephews to Uncle Herbie who founded Halliburton in 1946 in Oklahoma. It had previously been charted under that name in 1919 in Oklahoma. But it went defunct. So he revived it. So it, it's actually quite interesting that you're saying that because when I began this investigation into Kamala, before I had even presented it to the public, I was just seeing what was already out there. And there was this random person who wrote a blog piece years ago, 10 years ago saying that, you know, and I thought it was crazy when I read it, but he said that Kamala Harris and Joe Biden share a grandfather.


And I went like, that's so wacky And so what are you talking about? But then as we started realizing They may, that's on the Irish side, Right? The same last name Finnegan. They actually are all Finnegans and they both kind of have, once you get to granddad stage, it gets a little shady is what I'll say. You know, we, she's, she's lying about things. Her dad's lying about things I can't quite figure out. Like we can't find a picture of the real barrel. We know that Barrel had a sister who was very, very white and actually the name that she gives us, Patrick Alna ha News Finnegan doesn't seem to exist. So lying about a grandparent somewhere. And then when you look, when I start looking into Biden's side, I was doing it this weekend, you know, things are pretty shady there too.


I'm just kinda at the beginning of this. But You know, it's like his great-grandfather like you know, same situation like the parents both died a very young age. One was an alcoholic, you know, it's, it's always like the parents somehow go missing and then the grandparents, like he also like, You know, was really raised informed by his grandparents. So it's getting interesting, especially when you consider what the world was, which I think is something that people don't do. Like people always wanna apply the logic to today and they don't realize how things were back in the sixties or back in the forties, how easy it was to fake documents, how easy it was to move into different countries. Yes. And I had Kamala's family relative tell me that you could literally just walk into the office in Jamaica and say like make a birth certificate.


Like it was just very easy and very to get things done in that way. Very. And and see the other thing too is you with your situation, you are well of the com aware of the Commonwealth, right? Okay. Your in-laws. Alright now that was Hong Kong Singapore, that was Nigeria, that was Kenia South Africa. That was Pakistan, that was India, that was Jamaica. That was Jamaica mine. That was The Bahamas. That was Barbados, that was New Zealand, that was Australia. So If you, I used to get to Jamaica an awful lot.


So you hear somebody I, it ain't going to be speaking Patois and you turn around and there's somebody Chinese talking like they go, oh wow. Well see it's the British commonwealth before that, the British Empire. So everybody travels freely around there. Now I have a friend that's married to a Jamaican, she was born in Jamaica, so were her parents, but she's English aristocracy and I won't mention the name, but they're related to the English royals. She's blonde-haired, blue-eyed. And she was born in Jamaica because her aristocratic parents just happened to be over there and they were born when they are aristocratic English nobility parents were born in the place.


So it's an interesting thing when you see that and it's St Elizabeth Patash where all of the high bright and white Jamaicans are. And it's an interesting little hookup. So we get an international thing, but there is a family situation that gets in here and Kamala's folk were trying to get in on it through the mother because they were Hindu. Now the dad said his background is Irish and also from India, the Hindu thing. And he became a Marxist because that was what was going on back when he was coming of age in the early 1960s.


Now when you get this in place, you run into the fact that there are family situations. Now when I was in Hollywood, I made a whole lot of money. I had places all over the country and I had two places in Aspen, Colorado. So my ex was a social climber and she was a ski instructor up in Aspen of all things. So everybody wanted to go skiing with Mrs. Brown in the back country. So we wound up meeting billionaires and really multi, multi multimillionaires. And it's interesting because there are these family connections that are not obvious except when you walk around Aspen, it's awful.


Everybody starts at six feet, one for the females and gets up to these guys that all look like a donut that are these great athletes. You know, it's like damn man, they've been breeding, you know, smart and you know, good looking and athletic and they all have these interesting relationships with each other that aren't obvious and that they don't make public. You had, starting with the Adams family, you had President Adams and his son, president Adams. You had the Roosevelts, Teddy Roosevelt, Theodore, I mean Franklin Delano Roosevelt, you had the Kennedys and you know, and then they had muscle.


'cause Joe Kennedy senior was a gangster, he was a bootlegger and He used to, that's how they established Hollywood by the way. It was a bunch of gang members that established Hollywood. The bootleggers went in there. Carnies. Yeah, I'll tell you some stuff off the record about that. So it's like you get this whole thing and then you get the bushes in here and then you have the Clintons who are newbies into this whole thing and now you have some other stuff that's going on these peripherals. Well it's funny you say that the Clintons are newbies though because it, even like Bill Clinton has like a weird story. Like his dad was killed in a car accident when he was like two.


It's like they're just, they have, once you start looking into their genealogy, they all kind of have like these weird, tragic stories and then they're just kind of become the president. And I'm like, okay, well you know, I've lived around a lot of people who have like don't have a dad. Like they don't really go on to like go to Harvard and Yale and become president. So it's like, it just makes you wonder like yeah, What Is actually happening here? And then you find something else. Look at Barack Obama. What kind of connection does Barack Obama or Barry Soro have with the United States? He's got a long history through his mother's side of the family. They were slave owners and two of his ancestors were confederate officers during the civil war.


One even rode with Contra the gorilla up in Kansas, in Missouri. He's got a connection. But even If you get away from whether or not Kamala is black, what connection does she have with the United States? Probably the least out of any candidate for president in this country's history. So you have a situation where her parents have academic visas, they're transitory, they have no intention of being permanent residents or citizens. It's passing through and she lies a lot about it. But you've seen that, you know, when she got to Canada, how old she was and that's her background, Graduated from high school, wealthy Canadian, All nine yards.


And she doesn't have that American vibe where you from elementary school that taught about what this country supposed to be about. You have this thing where it's part of the commonwealth. So they're subjects. Now you probably have talked to your husband about that and your father-in-law, the earl and you know, they view this whole thing about being subjects in a different way than we here in the states view about being a citizen. It's Very different across the pond is very different. Very different. Yeah. But that's the background with Kamala, the way she was brought up.


And you get the feeling that somebody is trying to be, become part of something, but they don't want anybody with any real connection. The more isolated they are, the more they're subject to convenient control. You know, today is tomorrow, which is why yesterday is tomorrow too. Which is why we all, you know that word salad nonsense, which is you got a silly, somebody that's lazy, that's not the brightest bulb on the shelf and is easily manipulated because somebody has done what in Hollywood they call the casting couch routine to get where they are.


But it some point If you get to the top with the casting couch, the problem is, is that there's nobody to sleep with after a certain point. You have to have the raw talent and If you don't have the talent then you're not going to do anything much. And that's what our problem is, is who is behind her and who is controlling her


Interrupting To tell you guys some exciting news with the election coming up next month, sticker Mule is offering a free Trump sticker pack when you sign up. So visit sticker pack.com whether you want to show your support or just spark some fun conversations. Sticker mules got you covered. That's sticker pack PA c.com to get your free Trump sticker pack today. Hurry. 'cause it's only for a limited time.


Yeah, that's what concerns me is she comes across to me like an empty vessel. And it was interesting to read. You know, I'm, I'm not saying obviously that everything this journalist wrote was real, but I I do take his points about his, his, her mother being a government agent quite seriously because of just he, he says even in her demeanor, because then when I spoke to Kamala's family members, they said far from this depiction that she has of this, you know, warm, fluffy upbringing, that actually her mother was quite militant with her. And if we're thinking that she was involved with the government at Mk Chu, you're talking about psychological conditioning that Kamala has been psychologically conditioned since her youth. And what's really stunning, and this is kind of what became a big question in my mind, is as she creates this book of this work of fiction as a way to black fify herself to make black people think that she, you know, spent time And so much time in Harlem and she was around black aunties and black uncles.


And the thing that is stunning to me is it wasn't necessary, right? You can run as a white person, you can run as an Indian Vivi just ran as an, as an Indian. Hillary Clinton almost won. And you know, as running as a woman lost twice. But the point is that like you're allowed to be white and run. We don't have an issue with a white person becoming president of the United States. Joe Biden was just a president of the United States. So what specifically was the reason, and this is where I had to get to, that they worked so hard to black her to, to completely ignore her many, many plenty of white relatives. And that's what makes me think it's gotta be a pretty big secret. You know what I mean? They're trying to basically obscure her true lineage in a way that if you're thinking she's black, your brain's not even processing that she might be related to like a Hillary or somebody else.


So that is that, that really stands out to me getting how unnecessary getting the ification was. I'm, I'm coming up with this word here, ification, but it's a bit weird. You're getting there. See, and the other thing is vote black. If you are black. So you don't deal with the qualifications, you just vote. Yeah, skin is kin. But the problem is she's lying. Put Joe Biden, you can't even speak. But the other problem is, and I don't have anything against it, you are supposed to vote for her that she, because she's black, but she's got a white husband. So the bottom line is, is if she can sleep with the white husband, then you can vote for a white man for president without any feelings of guilt.


Right? So they're trying to rely on you got to be this, that and the other. And one of the things that gets me is this conditioning thing. 50 years worth of propaganda to prepare for where you are going right now with this rainbow cult they're trying to impose as sort of an official cult or faith for the country. You also have something else going on. The Democratic Party was founded in the second decade of the 19th century for the purpose of protecting and spreading slavery. It perfected the art of enslavement. And one of the things that I found most scary about this, I worked for a DC think tank more than a half century ago.


And we studied this and I remember having to read the slave pamphlets that were on microfilm in the Library of Congress. And one of the secrets to the enslavement process was put the elements of slavery into the Negroes culture. So they would teach slavery to themselves without realizing it. So what's happening is this party of the slave masters that put this process in place has used it for something else. They don't grow cotton anymore, but there's a plantation. But they make rainbows on this plantation and they evoke the elements of the slave culture that are in place to get the Negroes to vote for them without thinking about it.


And the person they put in becomes most vulnerable to being isolated. Hillary Clinton for example, came from a very interesting family. Rodman's. They were staunch Republicans, she was a cheerleader for Goldwater, one of the Goldwater girls. She was chairwoman of the young Republican chapter at Wesley All Girls University for three years as a Republican until she met Bill Clinton. So then she switches over. But I find that very interesting for somebody to be saying it's okay for Hillary to flip flop on the parties.


But Hillary was always a wannabe and her parents were very much middle class and she wanted to get outside of that. And she had a history of really down in her husband Bill Clinton because of his low origins. But Clinton was a smart man and she was somebody that was isolated 'cause she had no real connections to anything. So she became somebody that was subject to manipulation. You also have Kamala, which by the way is the name of a Hindu goddess and it's not a black name, it's a Hindu name.


And you've got her, she's isolated because who are her relatives? You know, one of her relatives by marriage, his name is Jesse mle, the one that got caught up with that fraud thing. He's her nephew by marriage. Okay? You get this little picture of family connection and the noose around the neck. And by the way, I interviewed several Chicago detectives and police on that and I happen to know one that's a cop.


He's back in the DMV area now. And Jesse and the bunch had been planning this for months and they used to discuss it at this particular athletic club and everybody knew it. And they got pictures of Ju Smalley buying this noose during Halloween season of the costume shop. They've got it on video and on security cameras, you can see him putting the noose around his own neck. And he had met with Kamala just before that and she and Corey Booker, this is the same day when he flew into Chicago.


They had been working on something that Conyers came up with in 1997 that is now modified and introduced his name Emmett Till, anti Lynch bill. Wow. Remember the neck? Yes. And the whole thing. They went off and then they had a withdraw because of the fraud that came out. Wow. Well see this is something they're trying to do and maybe this will give you an idea of how they're sneaking around here. The Emmett Till anti Lynch bill has nothing to do with black people. No, no. Bill they put up has anything to do with black people. No. Or just the headline, but then when you read it, But the headline does.


Yeah, but what it does is it puts into the American federal criminal laws for the first time sexual orientation as a victim category for criminal offenses. Now when you think of a lynching, you think of a mob killing somebody, right? Well the Emmett Till anti Lynch bill one doesn't require a mob. It can be one person. It doesn't even require a homicide. You can kidnap somebody or beat somebody. And how does that play out? What happens, let's say you have a guy who's broken up with his girlfriend or his wife and he's feeling down and some of his friends, Hey man, let's go to the club.


So he goes to the club with his homeboys and he's dancing with this PYT, pretty young thing in a tight short dress, big boobs, hoopy rings, braids, you know, down her back and yeah, having a good time exchanging spit over in the shadows and drinking wine. And then he looks down, man, you got a heart. What are you, you got a heart on? And he bust him in the mouth. Now that's federal lynching. Wow. Wow. See what they did with it. You see this bait and switch? Also, look at the black caucus. They love Kamala because she's just as big a fake as they are.


If you examine the voting records for the black caucus, you will find something very interesting. They have, is It really of the Rainbow Coalition? Yeah, because they're a member of the Liberty Caucus, which is the L-G-B-T-I-L LGBTQIA plus Caucus in Congress, I think all but four or five of 'em. And they do more work for the Liberty Caucus than they do for the Black Caucus. Now we have in Memphis for the ninth District of Tennessee, we have Steve Cohen, he's white, he's Jewish, he's gay, and guess what?


He is chairman of the Black Caucuses Reparations committee. So he's also holds that same position for the Liberty Caucus. So what is this? When you look at five years ago, they had that circus for two weeks about whether to have a formal committee set up to study reparations. And then two weeks later on the first voice vote, no debate, they passed what's known as quote that gave reparations act. Okay, so this is what they're we're doing is we're using black people as a smoke screen. Yeah. To allow, and that's what they're doing with lgbtq.


With ka, you take a significant voting group that has e motive needs and cravings to belong. And here you give them an opportunity to identify with somebody who has absolutely no connections with them, even if it was black. She's not somebody who has a prior generation in America. She is the re herself because her parents were not immigrants. She is the emigre and by a tech, a technical call. She's qualified to run for president.


See the constitution defines citizenship in two places. One, how to be a citizen and two qualifications for being president of vice president. So technically you can be a citizen, but you can't be president. Like say Cruz down in Texas, he ran, but nobody brought it up. He was born in Canada so he was not born on American soil. But see, Kamala was born in the same hospital my ex-wife was born in when my now late mother-in-law was a paternity nurse in that same hospital. So she's born on American soil.


So I don't think they had any intention of having somebody just come in right there in getting in that easy way. But she matches the bare bones qualifications. But you get somebody like that, they're easy to manipulate and control because they've got no connections with this place. I think it's quite a tell that Kamala doesn't have any children of her own. It's something that I think is concerning. I know that the left freaked out and Taylor Swift posted a picture of her with the cat when JD Vance accurately said that You don't want a bunch of like childless cat ladies running, running, running things. And I agree with that. And I also agree that similarly in the exact same vein that it is concerning when you have basically a coalition of childless cat women And so many homosexual men, people like Cory Booker.


I Don, I don't know if he's, everybody knows he's homosexual but, and in these positions of power who are informing policy very removed from a certain kind of compassion. And I know people, they tried to make it seem like you meant, oh, women that are struggling with fertility issues. That's not what we're talking about. We're talking about about people that have zero inclination desire toward family, but they want power. Right. And it, it genuinely scares me when I Think about this because they're, they are naturally nihilistic. They're where they gain that power and that assertion from within themselves to me is quite troubling. And their ability to inflict pain. You know, I did a lot of transferring, translating pardon?


In the pieces that the journalists that exposed Emmanuel Macron's upbringing and the fact that his wife is actually, was actually born a man. He spoke about this at length, about when you have someone who was raised up like this, someone who was sexually assaulted when he was young, introduced to sort of these perverted sexual things we're talking about so much sexual perversion in the government. Their ability to inflict pain on others almost knows no bound. There's, there's an element of socio, a sociopathic nature that's instilled in them at a very young age. And I think we have too many of these sociopaths that are in government, their ability to lie. Like I say to people, pause, forget every, you know, forget what you think about Kamala, whether you're voting for her, whether you're not voting for her. We've now established as a fact that she put a fake woman in her book and tried to present this black woman as her grandmother.


What kind of a person Can, would do That? Yes. Like what? Think about what that takes to, to find the photo. Whether it's photoshopped, whether it's a photo of you with a different person, whatever you put it in your book. You lie, you are stealing the identity of a black person knowing that actually you descend from slave owners. Right. And you feel nothing. And you keep this up because realize nobody's s fact checked it. You're going around, you're trying to black fire yourself and you feel nothing. What does that tell you about what that person is capable of? They don't have basic morality, Ruthless, unprincipled person. And you pointed this out earlier, what happens when you have no legacy? Yeah.


You don't have any interest in continuity. You're not thinking like you do when you have children, grandchildren, or when you adopt somebody who is actually a child and you participate in raising them. And I hate to do this as an analogy, but dogs are part of our families, right? People love their dogs. But you didn't have the dog, you adopted the dog. Well If you adopt a child that becomes your child, you raise that child. Now she adopted two teenagers, which, you know, that doesn't count. They're already grown. Wait, who? Who adopted a teenager? She adopted her husband's two children. Oh yeah, yeah.


That doesn't count. No. So what happens is, what is her stake in tomorrow? I mean, If you went out and you adopted a nine month old, a year and a half, 2-year-old, 4-year-old, and you were raising them, you've got an interest in tomorrow. But you see that's like that example I gave you of, you know, you come down the jungle trail with a antelope across your shoulders and you see these, this war party about to fall on your village. Nobody's looking. Do you sneak off or do you sound the alarm and maybe die to sacrifice for your village and your people in your descendants?


Or do you just turn around and run? Kamala turns around and runs. Yeah. She has no stake in Tara, No stake in this. And her connections are suspect, but her connections make her vulnerable. It's like I was in California when a lot of this was going on and she and Willie Brown got detailed in the LA Times and the San Francisco Chronicle a lot about what they were doing. So you are in your twenties and this is 30 years ago and you are getting paid $72,000 a month for showing up at two meetings a month, maybe 15 hours for the month.


And everybody else on this panel that you're on is 65 to 70 years old with a lifetime in medicine and you have absolutely no medical background and you're getting paid $72,000 a year because you a mistress to somebody that's 60 years old and has put you in there. And then he gets you sort of motion to another aspect of the same setup. And you get 120,000 a year for showing up for two meetings a month. And she misses 20% of them. And this is 30 years ago, $120,000 30 years ago is making a quarter of a million now.


Wow. And and people need to know this is, this is the true story of Kamala. People aren't making this up because election season you can go back and read the article. Yes. In the LA Times, San Francisco Chronicle, I've, I've read them. They were basically like, this woman is sleeping around and she's making a ton of money. You know, she slept with Willie Brown and he's just putting her into, Don't forget Monte Until posi. Yeah, that's right. Putting her into positions of power. And then there's the other thing too. They talked about how she got on with the DE's office in Alameda County and also some other things and even getting to be US Senator, which I found very peculiar because you know, now senators are elected by constitutional amendment. There used to be appointed by the states.


She is the first person, the only person in California's history to run with no Republican opponent for US Senator. Wow. I did not know that. Yeah. See it's interesting the whole nine yards. And then there's another suspect thing. One West Bank, George Soros was the major investor in one West Bank, Mnuchin, later the Obama administration. And for one year in the Trump administration, before he got fired, he was CEO. This is when they were having that mortgage foreclosure fraud situation.


Alright. I had three neighbors lost their properties behind this fraud. So just about every county in California returned indictments against Munin and one West Bank. There were 5,200 plus counts of indictments returned 5,200. Well, Soros and Munin raised a lot of money for Kamala, quite a few million dollars for her to run for the Office of Attorney General of the state of California. When she got elected, she used her authority to consolidate all of these indictment counts and dismiss them.


Wow. Three weeks later towards Soro sells one West Bank for $3.42 billion. And then they raised a lot of money to get her elected as US Senator without Republican opposition. Now can you imagine California with no Republican candidate running against the Democratic Party candidate? Incredible. See, that's how she gets in. And at that point she was Indian. Oh yeah. She was sworn in as Indian. Yeah. Yeah. So she wasn't talking about being black. I find something else too. If you are part white and you are part black, what are you, as far as Americans concerned, you are black, you're part Asian and part black America takes you as black.


So how does she get to be Indian recognized as such? If she's got black in or she doesn't? No, She's without question Irish Indian. There's, there's no question about it. No. As Irish Indian, no, You get this mythology in, but she's easy to control because A, she's lazy. I know a lot of lawyers now senior members of a firm that I recruited the law school way back when at U-C-L-U-C-L-A back in early seventies. And they'll tell you she was not one that put in a lot of work.


When she prepared for a case, she'd shortened a hymn line up every day of the trial and somebody supposed to be impressed. And we have somebody that counted on other people doing the work and she did the casting couch thing to get to the top. But at the top, what you going To do exactly if you're not qualified, If you gonna deal with Putin, he's probably got something waiting in the far wing of the Kremlin that looks a lot better than this 60-year-old woman Xi Jinping. You know, he is gotta be inscrutable and ah, no.


Well you even saw when, when Putin sat down with Tucker, he was very clear. He is like, I don't deal with your presidents. He happily implied it's just a show. And I deal with the ccia A like your presidents are not running the country. I deal with the ccia A and this was why the media freaked out when Tucker was going out there, because this is kind of, I think now a known thing that the people that purport to be in charge are just puppets. And there's people behind the scenes that are pulling the strings. And it seems like that is very much the military industrial complex. We're talking about Hall and we're talking about the ccia a You know, the war machine is telling them what to do, what to say. They just need someone that can at least read the teleprompter. And Joe Biden stopped being that, you know, he Yeah, he, he stopped, he stopped being able to even just read the teleprompter. So they said, okay, we've gotta go to to our B option, which is Kamala.


And Then look at this. There was no primary vetting. I know, it's incredible. There wasn't even anything the old time way where you had convention ballots going on the last time she put herself to the test, she had to withdraw early in the primary season because she wasn't doing anything at all. And then you have this other thing where, how do you jump from being the least popular vice president or president in the country's history. If you take the last 70 some years of polling and all of a sudden you become a front runner, it just doesn't happen.


But then you look at what's going on with the press that, you know, I'm astonished at the press now. It's like they're the propaganda engines for the Democratic party. They've always been that, you Know, well, no they weren't. Not back when you'd have a report that said, okay, Donald Trump claimed that so on And so forth. Meanwhile, his democratic opponent made a counterclaim. You wouldn't have, Donald Trump lied about this or Donald Trump made a false assertion. Yeah, you're right. I guess what I mean to say is that I think the media, it's, I shouldn't say has always been democratic.


Whichever candidate was going to get them the war they wanted. And I think right now we are on the brink of a another. They want World War ii. I've been saying this for two years on my show. It's been very obvious the way that they're covering everything. We're gonna get dragged into another war. And I don't think that they, I actually know, 'cause he has said this, that Donald Trump is their war candidate. You know, Trump was, has been very much, he started out much more isolationist. Full stop. He was like, every boy needs to come back home America first. Now he's, he definitely has already said that he doesn't support what's happening in Ukraine. That we shouldn't be involved in Ukraine. That's not gonna work for, for the war class. They want either laundering money over there. They, I mean, I think they wanna make this thing bigger, bigger.


And Kamala is just an empty vessel. She'll do what they'll say Trump has, has got his guts. You know, he's got his wits about him. He's, he's gonna say, I don't wanna do this, I'm not gonna do that. He's too strong of a person. And So he's a, he's somebody actually in charge, not a figurehead right now, bill Clinton. And they can't have that. Bill Clinton was a hillbilly, but he had leadership capacity and he was a strong man. I remember something that I saw him do that was very fascinating. 40 some years ago. They had a coalition down here in Arkansas and they met up in Jonesboro at a synagogue, I think it was Jonesboro.


And I went down there to consult with them. And they had an organization that had farm workers, league of Women Voters, Jewish Defense League, et cetera. And a bunch of ministers. And these night riders were coming by in flatbed trucks with shotguns and rifles intimidating everybody. So they got the bright idea of let's call the governor. He's a young guy. So they did, bill Clinton showed up, buffed out dude and big, you know, and he had his Arkansas State police guards, you know, and he made them wait inside the synagogue or church.


And he gave his coat to the preacher. And there was this guy with a bullhorn over there agitating. He went over and s knocked the thing out of his hand. The big guy picked him up, rammed him up against the wall. His feet were about this high off the ground. Fished in his pocket, took his wallet out, looked through it, put it back in and say, your name's so And so. This is where you live. And if I see anybody hear about anybody coming back here to mess with my constituents, I'm getting you. And he threw the guy down and somebody came up with a shotgun, he punched him butt stroked the guy with his own shotgun and walked down the sidewalk, knocked four or five people to the ground and said, anybody want a piece of this?


I said, hell walked. Right. I'm impressed. But you see, they don't make 'em like that now for the Democratic Party. They don't have any give 'em hell, Harry's. They don't. Who was a captain in the artillery in World War I and decorated, they don't have any John f Kennedy's who had PT 1 0 9 chopped into by Japanese destroyer. They don't have any FDRs who was Secretary of the Navy from a family of Warriors, least of all Teddy Roosevelt who led the rough riders up with the 10th Calvary of San Juan Hill.


You don't have that. You don't even have Lyndon Baes Johnson who was interesting guy. You don't have people like that. Now you've got some wishy-washy somebodies that would be nobodies if they didn't have the lifetime political collect connections where there is obvious corruption. You for your entire adult life has been on a government payroll. But you are a multimillionaire. Just doesn't equate. Mm. Not at all. Right, right. So, and by the way, you get people who are very vulnerable and when you have somebody that's vulnerable, you can control them.


Emmanuel Macron, Barack Obama. Barack Obama with his history, homosexual relationships. Yep. Biden, Lemme tell you about Biden. Yeah. Fox two and a half years ago did a moot court thing where I was the judge on it in New Jersey. So we kind of got a jury selected and the, they were gonna play grand jury. Was there probable cause to believe that Hunter Biden committed an act in violation of the Foreign Agents Registration Act for, and we had the technician who worked on the laptops, and by the way I said laptops plural.


There were three, not one, like the press is saying Wow. And he downloaded all of them and had the documentation where he got permission from a perhaps high hunter Biden. So we got to spend hours going through the laptops. There's a lot of incriminating stuff in there. Like for example, I'm led to believe that one of the reasons that Trump wouldn't turn over the documents out of Mar-a-Lago is because they were deeply incriminating against Biden and Obama from what was being said.


You know, on those laptops, this fool, this crackhead even had White House tapes on that laptop. Wow. And they still have White House tapes, but they're not just auditory, they're visual. And some of the things in there were there wartime things going on would be treason. Hmm. One of 'em concerned about backing the US Navy off of aggressive counter patrolling of the Chinese Navy and the South China Sea when they were trying to build these concrete in placements on these slightly submerged ET all. So they could claim 200 miles of Chinese territory around them and they wanted the Navy to back off.


That's all on there. And the admirals two months later in military times, were complaining about them being told to stand down and how disgusted they were with that. And there was money being talked about. You heard that thing about $10 million being mentioned for the big guy. Yeah. But it wasn't just to the big guy. It was to Obama, Biden and Biden. And in the video from the White House tapes, there's this Chinese guy talking about he'd made a hundred million dollars deposit in the business that Hunter was involved with and each of 'em got 10%.


That's, I mean it may have been ai but what was in there may not have been either. And somebody needs to look at it. And by the way, to show you what they're doing with weak people and being able to get away with stuff with what they've done with the press. The president of the United States is commander in chief of the Armed Forces. He can override any general, he can give orders to the generals, he's chief diplomat and he can override the Secretary of State who works for him as a cabinet officer. Alright. So what that means is, is just like he has a unlimited pardoning power, nobody can gain say to president when it comes to pardoning.


Nobody can gain say to president when it comes to either classifying or declassifying in whole or part, any document by any means he chooses the case on that is United States Department of Navy versus Egan EGAN 1988. If you look into the whole thing, there are multiple concurring opinions and they say he has absolute authority to classify or declassify. Right. There's an old case from 1803, a very famous one called Marbury v Madison that says the president is under no obligation to comply with an unconstitutional act of Congress.


It set the principle for the Supreme Court being able to, or court appellate court under appropriate circumstances for being able to declare an act of Congress unconstitutional. And when they came up with this thing with the archivists have authority to dictate what they're gonna take into the archives. That's usurps the constitutional authority of the President, which cannot be done by legislation. So that act is unconstitutional. And considering what we were looking at from those laptops, the downloads, it looks like there was some very incriminating stuff that Trump did not want to surrender to the archivists because that would allow the culprits to get control of them and cover their tracks.


Today's economic environment is still really stressful for a lot of us. But with the Fed finally dropping interest rates, there is no better time in now to put you and your family in a better financial position if you're a homeowner. American Financing is helping thousands of families just like you, who have been putting everyday expenses on credit cards, get out from underneath the debt by tapping into their home's. Equity American Financing is saving their borrowers over $800 a month on average. 800 a month is like a $10,000 a year raise at work. And it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. They're closing someone as little as 10 days. And If you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There is no better time than now to turn your situation around. So call today, the number is (800) 795-1210.


Again that's 807 9 5 12 10 Or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Got it. Okay. 'cause I was wondering, I was saying for me it's like why isn't Trump just released to the public? You know, I remember how much collusion was happening even with big tech back when Jack Dorsey was running Twitter. He wasn't really running Twitter, it was more like the Democratic party was running Twitter. But I remember going through text messages and Ashley Biden diary stuff, but also some claims of incest between Hunter Biden and his niece. Hunter Biden was texting with Joe his his parents saying like about her claims or whatever it was and the media just left this alone.


Well that's the salacious stuff. Yeah. If you get into what's on the laptops in terms of he thought he was going to be a porn star. Yeah. It's crazy. It's interesting. Some of the people he is having sex with with on the videos that are in there, it's pretty graphic, full frontal or back or whatever you want to put it. Were there other political daughters that were in there? Yeah, I think, 'cause I remember seeing someone that looked like someone, but I was like, No, it was someone, you can see it in there. I mean, and they cleaned it up, but there are three of 'em. 1, 2, 3. And that black box behind the Corvette in the garage, there was some dialogue about, did your friends get a chance to look at the box?


Wow. You know, this kind of thing and big guy and all of this, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So it is, we know nothing. I mean it's just incredible. The public, they, they give us 10% and then the 90% is just being completely hidden. But you see there are ways of getting it, but you cannot rely on the mainstream media because nowadays there's been a thing that has changed. They're into the ratings game because too many of them are hooked up with visual media now instead of just the print media. It was one thing when a place like New York or Los Angeles or Nashville or Memphis had multiple daily newspapers and they were competing to see who sold the most and who got the most commercial revenue from people putting ads in there to when, how many newspapers you have from Nashville, one, how many you have from Memphis?


One, how many have from Los Angeles? One, there's no competition. So they've expanded into being part of a communications empire where like in Memphis, the same family that controls the commercial appeal owns all the channel three half of Channel five and a quarter of channel 13 and a quarter of Channel 24. And it's all incestuously controlled. So they're not competing to be most accurate in penetrating and in depth when it comes to the news. They used the opportunity to editorialize instead of there was a hold up, the police reported on such and such street, downtown Nashville, blah blah blah blah blah.


They'll say, once again, we have an example where there needs to be gun control. That's not the event that's editorialization. Right. Put that on the op-ed page. Oh of course. And so you don't have that kind of accurate stuff, but that stuff is available because there are entities where you can get it. But there's a funny thing that's becoming apparent. Some of the best sources of information are no longer national. You can go on China's website, which is a huge thing and you will find that they have more accurate reporting of what's going on in the United States than you'll get from an American paper.


Absolutely. You will find too that some of the most interesting domestic sources have a little caveat say this is involved with matters of national security. Therefore please be advised that If you enter the website, the Department of Defense may find it necessary to No way. Yeah. Pay you a visit. No, not just that visit, but this kind of visit 24 years ago I was guest of the DEA out there in Los Angeles.


They had four centers they took me to, one of them I found very intriguing. It was a room about size of this, I guess it would be living room. You guys have downstairs bigger than that and from floor to ceiling there are all these monitors and it's people's computers. I thought that they had seized these computers. Oh no. We got a basically a peep warrant and we looked in on one person who is of interest.


So now we are going through the computers of everyone that this person was in communications with and they're laughing about some of the salacious stuff that's on there. And then they said, I want you to come in and watch this. I said, what are we looking at? Said we are putting a surveillance device on this guy's automobile. We have been using some that we have to replace regularly because they are battery powered. But we are gonna hook this one up with the cars electric system so we won't have to worry about it. So I'm looking at this vehicle parked in a driveway in a residence and I said, well where are you guys? So this camera's about a mile and a half down the street.


Wow. So wow. So you see this van pull up, three guys get out, they threw down one of these lay down on roller platforms and they scooted under it. And the guy took one of these slim gyms and popped the door locked. They opened up the hood, they made the insulation. Didn't take him more than a minute or two. So now we got this guy so we can know what he's doing. Got sound and everything else. And this was 25 years ago. Yeah. They, they they, the technology they have is absolutely incredible. Tell you another thing, right up here in Jackson, Tennessee, when almost 40 years ago I had a drug trial there, went on for three weeks.


They give a demonstration of the technology to the jury. I said, oh, we are in trouble. They have this grain silo in Jackson on the railroad tracks. So about three, four miles away there is a playground. So they're giving a live demonstration and this kids on the playground with a basketball. So he is standing there and they quickly do staged in zooms, you can read it's AVO basketball. I said, oh this is deep. Then they win it a little bit more and it said Inflate 13 PSI.


I said, oh wow, it's from six miles away. So they focused on the next door neighbor of my client. You couldn't see in because of the reflection of the light, they put a polarized filter on the thing. So you could see in woman was drinking coffee and you could read the headline on the newspaper. Then you could start reading the article on the newspaper. And this was six miles away. I said, oh, we are in bad trouble. So they did a final demonstration. When was this? This was in Jackson. This was like eight year 1986. So they did another thing, myself and the prosecution, we wrote a note on a yellow pad.


They said a satellite was passing overhead. It was reasonably clear. They, the marshal went outside, held the pad up, we could see real time on the monitor. He had the pad held up. So the satellites 20 some thousand miles up in orbit if we could read what we wrote on there. I said, oh Well it is actually, when you say that, it's just, it's so funny that they try to present to the public that everything's always like an intelligence failure. Like Trump near assassination attempt. I mean you're telling me that you just didn't, you don't have the tech to protect Trump when he is at a rally. Like we have the secret service and the government crawling the place.


But you guys just don't have the tech to be able to see that someone's scaling a rooftop. I mean, because obviously the technology that they have, the government has is like decades advance from what they give to the people. And so when you see these situations, it, it's just, it's incredulous. You know, it's incredulous that they did not know. It's because they did not want to know. And it's one of these situations where I believe there's always a lackey. There's always these stories that you're told about this one crazy loan gunman. I never buy it. Didn't buy it with MLK. I don't buy it with JFK. Two men on the MLK two. They were marine snipers. Well what do you think about JFK? Because that chaos book tells us that. Is that the guy who shot the guy was MK Ultra. They Out.


Well lemme tell you this, I got an invitation after that Dundy King thing from some retired Dallas detectives, including the person that discovered the rifle in the iry at the book repository. The one who said I walked in was talking to the building superintendent. We had to go get the elevator because you couldn't summon it. You had to physic physically walk up. So you had to leave the basement area where the guy's office was, walk across to the other side of the building on the first floor, then take the stairs up.


So as we were walking across the first floor, here comes Lee Harvey Oswald. So I stopped him in the building. Soups said, Hey, he works here. So at that point I noticed the elevator travel down to our, my right you could see it come down from the top floor and it went down to the basement. We went on and walked over and got up to the top. I just passed the Lee Harvey Oswald. And when I got up there, I found the Caro rifle. I sealed the room and I'm the one that discovered it. Now there's some other interesting stuff on that.


We went and looked and it was interesting in that the very limo that Kennedy and the governor were riding in was being operated along the course so everybody could see it. Now I don't think the shot came from the grassy. No. For a very good reason. If anybody was standing along the curbside Kennedy's head would've been hitting them about right there. You would've had to have counted on being nobody between you and your target, which from the situation was not going to happen. But from the pictures they had, they had six or seven box cars that were on the tracks.


There was seven railroad tracks on this bridge. There was only one cop. And he was looking at the parade. The car comes in and as it's looking from the bridge, it's on the same level as the bridge. Then it drops down and it swings over. But for the count of seven it's going straight on and the target is less than a hundred yards away, which is point blank for a rifle. Here's the other thing. I had done a lot of ballistic experimentation. In fact, I've testified as a ballistics expert in front of juries. Alright jurors. So I said, if you've got a hole that's a clean hole in the windshield, that means the bullet came from the front.


If it came from the back like they claim the windshield is bulged out like somebody's head hit it. So find that and go do it. And they called me up later said, you are right. If you shoot that kinda windshield from the rear, it bulges out. If you shoot it from the front, it's a clean hole. So they got these carbon fiber rods of various calibers, 25 caliber, 30 caliber 25 caliber fits right through there. And it lines up with the bridge. Now at the time this happened, there was a passageway through the bridge with openings from that passageway out facing the way the limos coming because it had been an old bridge that they put in in the 19th century with gas lines for gas lighting.


And there are these seven box cars including at least one that was lined up directly with that shot. Now here's the thing about the car Conno. There was an identifiable print on it. We went over this at some great length and they said we couldn't hook this identifiable print up until a few weeks ago. Which is why we called. You said, well what did you get said? We got through this freedom of information act thing from the assassinations record in review bureau whereby act of Congress reinforced by an executive order by George Herbert Walker Bush and then Clinton.


All federal agencies were directed to send all records on that. So we got this and they let me see it. Billy Saul Estes was in federal custody. He'd been sentenced for some racketeering. He had worked up a deal through his lawyers that if it checked out they were going to recommend that he get immediate clemency. He gave some names and they ran the names that they got from this discovery years after the fact. And bingo, that person's fingerprints were what was on the Carano rifle.


And there was also another location. And they were talking about how Oswald was acting when they took him into custody. So when we went into this and then they went through and they tested to see where the bullet should have come from. They did something else. The medical examiner for the state of Texas, chief medical examiner who did the autopsy on Kennedy also operated a chain of funeral homes. Okay. The person whose fingerprint comes back with a bingo winds up in a supposed one car wreck in desert Texas, broad daylight.


They get an order to exhume his body from the graveyard. There's no body in the grave. There's an empty coffin. Okay? They're dealing with a US attorney at the time who became a federal judge. The guy's name is Steven Trott. I met him when I was in UCLA and he promised them that he'd get the clemency. But the FBI came back and said negative. But they didn't know about the rest of it 'cause he gave some names. And one of the names that he gave was the person. Now there is a Marie Brown that I talked to. She's no relation.


And she was LBJs mistress. And she said she was at that party the night before Kennedy got killed. And he said JFK didn't have any part of it. He said, but he knew something 'cause he said, damn, these guys have gone crazy. They're talking about taking out the president. What the hell? And she said he was very troubled. Now she had a kid with him in 1965. I met the guy, looked just like LBJ, same size Bill. Big ears looked just like him. I also met another son. He had 1966 by a black White House secretary.


Looked just like him. Marie Brown introduced us and this has been 26 years ago. So it's interesting what was going on. Now when Trott got the report back from the FBI, the FBI said there was nothing to it. The detectives accepted it at the time, but they did not realize that they had this information with the print until 20 si. 30 years later they went and ran the damn thing. So now the medical examiner is an interesting person.


There had been a series of assassinations murders for contract and somebody who got shot 12 times survived. The house was set on fire. He was severely burned. But in spite of getting shot, he survived he fingers the medical examiner as his attempted killer. Wow. So they take the medical examiner into custody, right? He's getting transported to a courthouse in Dallas for a preliminary hearing. He supposedly tries to escape and they shoot him multiple times they say. So they went to go dig this guy up and there's nobody in the grave either and it's his graveyard.


So they're going, wait a minute, what is this? This is like witness protection. In other words, the medical examiner who does the autopsy on Kennedy supposedly killed from being a hit man. The guy that seems to have been involved with being a hit man, he doesn't have a body in the grave what's going on? So they're taking me all around to look at all of this. So that's an untold story. And the guy whose finger break comes up is interesting. He was captain of the football team, ran track was valedictorian for his high school class. He was summa cum laude at Princeton.


He go, becomes a war hero in 1949. He shoots a guy to death in front of about 30 witnesses, shoots him in the head five times. He's sentenced to die by hanging. Six weeks later the governor commutes his sentence to voluntary manslaughter and he's the suspect in about 15 to 20 killings. But they never could put anything on him. So I mean, what the hell? Yeah, yeah. What the hell is so is is the question. And I think it's one of those things where I, I think that was a turning point in America when JFK got shot, I think there's been a full communist takeover. I think the world has become a stage. I think every candidate in LBJ was in on it.


Obviously. I think every candidate that they have put forth really just has to be okay with the CIA's war campaign. You know, and any person that stands outside of it, that is why they freaked out with Trump. That's how you knew he wasn't in the in club because they just didn't expect him. And they thought that Hillary was supposed to be Hillary Clinton. She's in the in club. And now we have a circumstance where Kamala Harris is very much in the in club and yeah, And she's vulnerable And yeah, she, she's vulnerable. She's in the in club. She's a vessel. She'll do whatever they it is that they want. She is no opinions of her own. She's not even intelligent If you ask me plainly. Like she's, she's, she's not, she's not even intelligent. And so she's, she's the worst kind of person. She's got no compassion. She lies and feels absolutely nothing.


And she's the worst plausible candidate that could get into office right now when we're at such a critical juncture in this country. No, I've been doing what I do for half century and I'll say this probably one of the most unscrupulous low poor character category of people you will ever find or career prosecutors. It's okay If you are a prosecutor and then you get out of it. You learn your your trade. And not everyone, there are exceptions, but they tend to get so cynical that they don't give a damn anymore and they'll cut all kinds of corners.


And it's about winning the game rather than promoting justice and equity. And I say equity, not this DEI mesh, but in terms of fundamental fairness and use of the process for a legitimate purpose, they're ruthless. Also being involved in this in any extent is not safe. When I had this James Earl Ray case in my courtroom three incidents, I had some detective friends that I used to represent way back when, when they were just ordinary cops.


And they'd follow me around. And I remember one time they said, judge said you have two cars following, you said we are behind them when you get down here. It was Union Avenue and Cooper should make a left turn against the no left turn sign and pull in that parking in that gas station that used to be on the corner. I did. And they pulled in right behind. So we got the two of 'em blocked. Okay, next thing Judge, you need to take this call. It's an emergency. What the devil.


So I'm on the bench. We'll take a short five minute recess. Yeah. This is detective so And so out here with so And so. Yeah, what's up? Said some people are trying to break in your Lexus. I said, okay, so keep me posted. About 10 minutes later I get the call again, judge, they were trying to plant two kilos of coke in your car. Now next thing it's about three 30 in the morning. I've got a murder trial going on and I've been up doing these charges, which you have to read for five or six hours on a murder case.


A lot of work. So I'm home sitting in my kitchen, I drank a beer. I hadn't even take my suit coat off. And something woke me up and I saw two people out front from where I was sitting in the kitchen and I could see into the den area on the other side. There were three people out back. They took an interesting device with a large suction cuff after they pried the screens out, put it on the plate glass and ran the arm around with a glass cutter and lifted the center out. So I'm fascinating watching this.


I was armed. So let's just say they tried to enter and things got very exciting for the next few. And the next morning, a friend of mine who was the director of Police Winfrey and another detective that I had represented, they showed up about Sunset. And we discovered that for half hour before this, the dispatchers tape had been cut off so they weren't recording. And for 45 minutes afterwards they weren't. Things got real exciting that night, You know, but it's like I'm just the judge, You know, and I'm looking into it objectively instead of trying to, oh James Earl Ray, we are going to really do him in.


Now there's a caveat to what happens to James Earl Ray. There was a woman who contacted me along with some other people. She'd come up with an algorithm that relies on the fact that when humans are talking like you and I, only 15% of what you say consists of the words, 35% consists of the tone and the other 50% is the body language. If they had a clear video recording of somebody talking, they'd run it through the algorithms and they were seeing what Bin Laden was really saying and what he meant, or Putin or whatever it may be.


And they would break it down into an animation for the body language and also analyze the tone. So these officers were concerned with Gimo and they wanted to make sure they were adhering to their oaths to uphold the Constitution. And they wanted to use this device to evaluate some of the things that they had heard and also to calibrate it. So they got six hours of the last taped interview of James Earl raided some people in Nashville had done. And they thought they were gonna get a real live liar. So in six hours worth of tape, they conveyed to me that they were astonished when he was all the way over in the green telling the truth except for two questions, which essentially were versions of If you didn't do it, do you have any idea who did?


And he said, I really don't know. And it was showing neutral or perhaps equivocation. So they said when they were astonished that he was telling the truth, they wanted to come to me 'cause they knew what I was doing on this case. And if the case had gone past James Earl Ray not dying and his lawyer dying in the same week, Memphis, Tennessee lawyer and Dr. Pepper, who was involved with a lot of these assassinations things, was the foreign lawyer who was involved in this case too. I would've issued a finding that Ray didn't shoot, king Ray wasn't even in town in the Memphis police department's.


Homicide squad I found had been for years telling the prosecutors, this isn't the man, you got the wrong guy. He wasn't even in Memphis. And it was not one man shot him from the Flo House or the Bushes under the Flo house window. It was two people from the fire station dormitory, the cafeteria, which was directly across the street. They recruited them from the Marine Sniper School in Quantico, Virginia, which is right across the tarmac from the FBI training Academy. So they supplied an XM 21, they got five of them and 5,000 rounds of ammo.


And they didn't even have a hostage rescue unit at those times in the Defense Department wanted them back 'cause they only made 63 barrels and 62 rifles. And they wanted them for the nom for experimental purposes. So we get into that. And now If you go to the Civil Rights Museum down in Memphis, and you look at the exhibit, it says, we once thought that the shot came from the flophouse window, but that's impossible 'cause it wouldn't open up far enough for a rifle to be used. And it didn't come from the bushes. It seems to have come from elsewhere.


So after I retired, I had resources. So I started putting them to use and we've got a lot of information to back that up. And by the way, I'll say this, Jesse Jackson is not the culprit that was collaborating with trying to get King Don in. It was somebody else. But when you get into the ins and outs, there's a lot more to the story than the press ever let out. Why I, I, First and foremost, I would say, I think you're lucky to be alive If you were presenting a narrative that was separate from the Facts. I've seen John Wick. Yeah, yeah.


Well my old man taught me how to shoot when I was six years old. I had a lot of money to get a lot of practice ammunition. So, So when people hear this, right, we're having this discussion and we're really talking about government corruption. Yes. From the very beginning. I mean, we're talking about potentially a breeding program for world leaders. We are talking about Kamala's entire career really being the product of corruption. Whether it's, you know, George Soros wanting to cash out on that company, her affair with Willie Brown. What she's obviously doing now, which is she really just, she didn't even really run for president. She just kind has been like, just became the candidate overnight. Or talking about the murder of MLK Jr, the murder and the assassination of JFK Jr.


The Feds being behind all of these things. How are people that are watching this, so supposed to feel anything but completely exasperated with the state of politics in America. Like there is almost, it feels like no hope because we have a complicit media that's working to cover all of these things, gaslighting the American people, trying to squeeze us more on our freedoms, making our kids stupid, right? I mean like literally we're gonna, the future, everyone's, it's gonna be Idiocracy in this country because the kids don't even know basic history. People actually believe that everything the media tells them is real. These kids can't even tell you the differences between genders anymore. There's 28 of them, Hundred 56. Where, where do you derive at?


Is there 126 now officially, where do you derive If you do any sense of hope in this situation? Well, it's the people. See, the problem is, is nobody has opposed any of this because the adversity is between being fair to black folk and being old time racist. That was the paradigm. But that's not what the case is right now. But the public is being conditioned to, we have to be fair to everybody and it gets a bit ludicrous. Well, he can't help him himself. That's what he's compelled. That's his orientation. Well, okay, but I tried a lot of cases as a defense lawyer, a whole bunch of capital cases, murder cases, and I got the youngest person on death row in the world off death row, got a stay execution 23 minutes before he was supposed to be executed.


He was 15 years, two weeks old at the time. So I've handled a lot of murder cases, but there's something going wrong with the big picture when people say, well, he's compelled, I've met some homicidal maniacs. But just because they are compelled to do something doesn't mean we should tolerate it. You have pedophiles, they're compelled to do stuff and you can test them. I, I exercised a provision, the Tennessee law when I was on the bench that said the sentencing judge can require any person he sentences to be subjected to a mental health evaluation, which I put together a crew to do this.


And you started getting these people who were compelled to do certain things, pedophilia and other stuff. But that doesn't mean you had to tolerate them. At some point, somebody's got to say there's this thing called public peace, dignity and order. And we have to be conversant with what that means. So you have to protect that because we aren't just isolated 10 miles from the next somebody through a bunch of woods or some scrub desert people. We are right up under each other. So you have to have this compact with each other about behaving. So when they come up with this bogus thing of the person's compelled, we no, see, that's not what the case is.


And by the way, we've got a new opportunity here, black, white, brown, red, yellow. We are all humans. And when you're talking about humans, you're talking about traditional nuclear family. You're talking about manhood, womanhood, childhood, you're talking about courage and bravery and other things that are promoted as part of the human character portfolio. So we have somebody that is against those things. We have an entity that they're trying to cram down everybody's throat. Now, you can't walk in and put a crucifix up in a courtroom or a city hall or a state office building or a state capitol or in Congress.


You can't put a crescent up for Islam. You can't put a six pointed star up for Judaism. You can't put sixth arm shiva for Hinduism. You can't use an image of Buddha. But you can put a rainbow in there. And you see that splashed all over the place where the cities or the municipalities or the federal government in DC pays for the sidewalk or the crosswalk to be painted as a rainbow. The white house is listed, lit up with a rainbow. They can't put Christian stuff on an east egg, but they can put rainbow stuff on there. You go into school and they've got rainbow flags and emblems, and you've got transvestites talking to children, dressed up like they're female harts.


And you have all of this. It's like they're trying to put a new faith in place, is the national faith and cult. Now people say, but it's not a religion. Oh yes it is, but it has no God, neither does Buddhism. But Buddhism is an ancient and honorable religion, but it has no God. You don't have to have one to be a Buddhist, but you can have any so long as you deal with a system of fair and equitable dealings with other people. But this one is predicated on something nihilistic. It is the first major effort that I can find where it seeks to destroy all of those things that humanity for eons has declared to be something of character.


You know, we were hunters and we had to watch each other's backs. So we didn't get slaughtered by one of these large animals. We liked to barbecue during the summer or when the ladies were outgoing and gathering, you could all talk, chat, and protect each other from something that might be looking at you. Oh, that would make a nice snack, lunch or dinner, you see. So we have these things about altruism and sacrificing for each other because we are conscious and we can understand that we have continuity that we are part of, except for those who don't get that. Now, these things that we hold important, every culture honors, bravery, every culture honors courage.


Every culture imposes a sense of guilt on people when they deviate from the cultural standards, sense of shame for not rising to the occasion of doing what you're supposed to. But how many times, oh, it's horrible. We have to get rid of guilt and shame. We shame somebody in California that's even against the law to shame somebody. So what time is it? What kind of horrible situation do you have where you're telling humanity you need no guilt, no shame, do what you feel like doing. That breaks down the social compact.


That destroys the concept of altruism where there's some things more important than me that I will get recognized as a hero. What did the Spartan mothers tell their sons? Sons, come back with your shield all on it. Don't run. Do what you have to do. Be a man. Women, you had childbirth. And until very recently, childbirth was as dangerous as being in combat in terms of the mortality rate. So both sides of this equation basically had high risk. And being humans and doing what you had to do for the next generation, we had a concept of equal worth, but everybody is not equal.


Hell, if everybody was equal, somebody five six could go out there and beat LeBron playing basketball and get LeBron's check from the NBA. But you can't do that. So it's equal value. But you have this myth because there are people who don't like themselves and they don't want to act like they have any obligation to anybody else. And we have this nihilistic philosophy. And I remember on campuses around the country, I was in the BSU, black Student Union and the Black Student Alliance, and I was community rep for UCLA's BSU.


And I got around the country a lot with people and there was this reaction against that. And people were trying to say, we don't want that anymore. We want, because that's just so barbaric and it causes war and all of this other stuff. And it's like, well, what do you think you are about here? If you weren't in a position of controlling what's going on, there's a lot of stuff that would eat. You ever been to the Chicago Field Museum? They've got two stuffed lines in between them. Eight, 120 some people back at the turn of the 19th and 20th century. So they've got the actual stuffed pelts in there.


And you know, if it wasn't for us being what we do, things would be eating us. So they don't eat us. They exist because we protect them now or else their viruses or germs and we're working on that. So when you get something that's the apex predator on the planet, it by definition kills pretty well. We are the best killers this planet is ever produced, and every other predator or a carnivore will occasionally kill itself. Lions do it, tigers do it, Panthers do it, bear do it, You know, you name it. And it happens.


So we have acculturated and socialized ourselves. So we don't do that. And we keep it in check until it's necessary, and then we can become brave and courageous when the response is called for a man or woman. But when you take that away and you don't treat this predator because you're scared of what the predator is, the predator doesn't go away. It just retreats into the back of the person's mind. And since the person is not familiar with that part of himself nowadays, it will jump out and do a lot of damage. Like when you look at all these freaks that are shooting up the hallways or the hoods, you find out that they lack masculinity.


You don't have to be a big guy. Hell, the most decorated soldier in American history was Artie Murphy. He was a Western star afterwards. He got just about every declaration you can get, but he was only five feet, six, and he was a slight guy, but he had tungsten carbide balls, so to speak. And we honor courage and bravery. But these people don't like that because they're scared.


These big wireless carriers want to limit you on your choices when it comes to a data plan. Basically forcing you to buy a ridiculously expensive unlimited plan. In today's economy, now is the perfect time to stop overpaying for your data that you're definitely never going to use. If you want to choose how much data you actually want, you need to make the switch to my cell phone provider PureTalk, for just $25 a month, you will get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Stop over paying for wireless and get America's best 5G coverage with PureTalk switching is very easy. There's no contract, no activation fee. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now. My viewers will save an additional 50% off your first month. Just go to PureTalk dot com slash owens. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens.


I think that's just been, honestly one of the, the truest callings of this podcast is, is really saying to people, we need to bring back traditional masculinity. We need to bring back traditional femininity. We need to bring back courage. We need to have people stop being so fearful. The thing that they don't wanna confront. Really, our, our, our predator, so to speak right now has become the government. You know, you have people who are scared of being called a name, scared of being called a conspiracy theorist, scared of being called a racist, a sexist, a misogynist, an anti-Semite, whatever it is. And so they then become people that aren't even willing to just say the truth when that, that that really is the greatest act of bravery you can do right now, is to pursue the truth and to say the truth, right? And So I, I think that that's a perfect place. Like when it comes to this entire investigation that we've done to into Kamala Harris, is being willing to stand up to the media narrative.


This is some black woman. Because really what they're looking to do is just re enslave black people or continue to enslave black people. That's Exactly it. Exactly. Continue to enslave black people by this idea that we need to be tribal to people that aren't even black, right? And So I do wanna encourage people that are watching this to really consider the themes that we're talking about today. Read that book. I keep telling you to read Chaos, confront, have at least the courage to confront what it is that we are up against to realize these are not conspiracies that we are talking about. MLK Junior and JFK Junior. These are realities that are being hidden from you for a, a very dark reason. There, there is a dark agenda out there. And I'm telling you that this woman, the truths we hold, I'm telling you, there is nothing true in anything that I'm holding right now.


This is a, a very scary person. This is a, a person that is will If you are willing to lie about who you are, right? Something so basic like who you actually are. I can imagine that there is, there is no, no level of deceit that you won't be willing To use mad to that it's too much the espionage game. Nobody fights. It's all behind the scenes. So what is the essence of a spy? They lie. A lie because they can't tell the truth about who they are, what they are and what they're doing. They have to lie. So when that becomes your mindset, the spy game, I mean little lies, you know, you help people's feelings out.


Yeah, but I mean the big lie, like this is my grandmama. Hell, she's dead four years before you were born. What'd you do? Bring her back as a reincarnation. You know, what are you talking about? See that kind of thing is what we do not need. And, but see this compact, here's one of the reasons men defer to women in one sense is because up until recently you went through some stuff we didn't have to go through. As I said just a few minutes ago, childbirth was as dangerous as being in a war. But men, we could fight, you know, back, you didn't have to be helpless.


We could fend off death as well as fight to administer death. But women, there's nothing you could do about your circumstances where you were put at risk of dying through childbirth. You just have to go through it. So you're kind of helpless while this condition of delivery is going on. And we men instinctively respect that We need you for the human race to continue. You need us for it to continue to protect you and provide for you. So there is this acculturation thing that says when the Titanic goes down, ma'am, you and your child have my seat on the lifeboat, I'll die because you are a resource.


I'm expendable. Now get up out of that seat. Can't you see I've got on my pretty dress. I want that seat to see. You're going way wrong. In the human nature, humans and nature will not match up If you deal with this because there's a safety bubble that's been happening for the last 75 years, 77, 78 years since World War II ended where it's relatively safe in the United States. You don't have to worry about natural disasters that much.


You don't have to worry about a hoard sweeping through and taking you out until just recently. But you had to train the boys from infancy up. So they'd get up out of that lifeboat seat, give up their safety for a woman and her child. You see, that's a very hard thing to do to say I'll die and we have to do that. And meanwhile, something else is going on. And I wanted to touch on this. I know we're probably running out, but I'm here as long as you want me. But anyway, it's this other thing.


What is the purpose behind this open border? There's an interesting thing about American law. Certain things are in the constitution and certain things are left up to the Constitution as applied by Congress through its laws to effectuate the Constitution. That's Article six. Now, one of those has to do with how we set our situation up and we are not doing what we need to do because we are giving up to bloody doggone much when it comes to what's happening with the southern border.


Here's what can happen under American laws. It exists. One, the president has absolute powers of, pardon our commutation beyond question since he's also the chief diplomat. Same thing about the classification of documents. The president can say, all right, I'm declaring that effective 2021 that everyone that came in here is entitled to asylum as a political refugee. We can't distinguish where these people came in 'cause we didn't keep records.


So anyone that came in from 2021 is in an asylum situation. Do You think that's what Kamal was going to Do? Wait a minute, hold on. He says, let me give you the rest of it. Under American law, If you are a refugee or you are granted asylum, you automatically become a citizen in five years from the point where your entry is effectuated. You don't have to go through the classes, you don't have to take the test. You become automatically a citizen and you can vote. All of these illegals are going to the battleground states. So when the midterms hit 2027, all of these people would have been citizens for a few months and can vote.


So this would allow the Democratic party to effectively become the only effective party. 'cause now they, these states with 50, 60 million people who have crossed the border, Also the electoral votes are based on the census and they include them no matter what in the population Itself. Yeah. And that's why something else, I filled out six census censuses forms as an adult. And this last one in 2020 was the first and only one. They didn't ask me my citizenship status nor the status of my parents. And it's interesting because in article one of the Constitution that census determines the apportionment of representatives in the House of Representatives.


So in one sense, they don't want it known whether you're citizens or not, because that still entitles California. Maybe to pick up an extra person in Congress or New York not to lose one or Illinois not to lose one or two. And then the other one is, is If you can pull this off, all Harris would have to do is say, Hey, I'm declaring that this starts from 2021 when the first batch started coming across the border heavily, which means in five years is 2027, the midterms, they can vote.


So now we control everything. So we get to impose our rainbow cult on the country, which is the new faith which has no character anything goes because we are selfish. We don't give a damn about tomorrow we are ruthless and this is what we Want. Yeah. Well I can say without question, I am very awake to the rainbow cult getting myself into a lot of trouble speaking about that. And hopefully the conversation that we have will get other people to realize like what it is exactly that we're talking about these, the sorts of people that you really don't want to have power and to are being given a lot of power right under our nose. Yeah. Yeah. And so look, we're a few days out from the election, you guys, we've covered a lot of topics today.


Very much probably gonna get a lot of headlines and a lot of hate for it. But I am definitely in a seat where I have an investment in tomorrow. I have an investment in the future. I have young children and I am willing to fall on the sword a thousand times to make sure that we have the courage to actually speak truth. So Judge Joe Brown, thank you so much for joining us. We are definitely gonna get you back 'cause there's a lot of topics that you and I covered off record that I, I want to put, I wanna see if we can get on record. You guys, thank you so much for joining us.