
All Right guys. Happy Monday. Let's get right into this. I think that President Trump has been watching the Candace Show because he randomly posted this on Truth Social over the weekend. He wrote, there's something wrong with Kamala. I just don't know what it is, but there is something missing and everybody knows it. Hmm. Yeah, that's a really fancy way of saying, I've been watching Candace's episodes 70 through 75 and I'm at the edge of my seat. We all are. Mr. President, this is really turning into quite the scandal and we are on top of it. I've gone through so many emails and it just gets crazier and crazier. Plus is LeBron James ducking smoke from Candace Owens because that's what former NBA player Kwame Brown thinks.


And I'm going to tell you guys why all of that coming up right now on Candace, A lot of interesting trends happening on X over the weekend. And I've come to the conclusion that maybe the ghost of Michael Jackson is haunting Kamala. 'cause there have been some really old clips that are now surfacing and it's essentially depicting the Kamala versus Donald Trump discussion pertaining to the Michael Jackson case. Now I know a lot of you guys are new listeners to the show. We've gained a lot of new listeners over the last week.


So in case you are like me and did not remember any details about the Michael Jackson case, all you remembered was the media telling you incessantly that he was a pedophile. I highly recommend that you go back and revisit our episode 55, which we did looking into the Michael Jackson case. It is stunning. Michael Jackson was without question being set up by some very powerful executives because he was fighting for control over Sony. It it's completely crazy about how the cases even came about. Literally the first person who ever made an allegation against Donald Trump was drugged into the allegation by his own father. I'm talking about that crazy and that his father eventually killed himself.


It's nuts. It's nuts. Anyways, at the time that all these accusations were coming up, it was very much the media versus Michael Jackson because obviously the rec record execs had a lot of power over the media. They controlled the media at that time. Same story it is today and why there are certain people who are protected And. so at that time, they were going around asking a lot of powerful people what their opinions were on the Michael Jackson case. And one of those people who was asked was Kamala Harris, then the deputy city attorney in San Francisco and here's what she had to say. That could mean life in prison. And cases like this can depend on the testimony of the child accuser In general.


The child will be able to recall and recollect with some detail the incident and that is persuasive to a jury, even if it is the only testimony that is available. Ooh, betting against Michael Jackson who was eventually acquitted of all charges. But what's really stunning is when you juxtapose this to what Donald Trump said at the time, then just a real estate magnate. Take a listen. Michael's been a long time resident of Trump Tower and last night that Donald strongly reiterated his defense of Jackson with Larry King by going after the accuser's mother. She's had plenty of experience at going after people and she goes after 'em viciously and violently.


And I saw a story and I read another story about some of the things she's done and I don't believe it. But you know what it's like when an indictment comes down, it's tough, it's presumption. He is Tough. It's tough, it's tough to win, but I have a feeling he's gonna win. Larry. The interesting thing is I've known Michael from many different standpoints and Michael would spend a lot of time with my kids. I have beautiful kids and at the time, like at Mar-a-Lago, and even in Trump Tower, the kids were very young. Michael would come play with the kids. He just loved children. He was not a child molester. And I am certain of that. He loved children. He'd play with my son Eric and my son Donald, and he'd just play with them forever.


He loved children, but he was not a child molester. And you know, that whole final saga of Neverland and the police and what they did was I think a very, very, a very, very bad part of Michael's life. Just incredible. When you really look back on that, it just makes you love Trump even more because he was always standing up to the media complex. And that's really what it was that came down on Michael Jackson. like I said, the record execs had power and he was fighting them and he was winning against them. He was gonna eventually control the Beatles catalog. Next thing you know, he ends up dead. He first gets accused of being a pedophile and his entire legacy is destroyed with accusations that did not win in court. He, he, like I said, was acquitted.


Go back, watch that episode that we did on him and inform yourself on that. But it's incredible to see that and people are now replaying these clips and are feeling some type of way about Kamala Harris. And I think the majority of people just wanna know who is this woman and who does she work for? Well, we left off on quite a note last weekend or at the end of last week rather. We have received a lot of information. You guys have been emailing us incessantly. I know I'm not responding to the emails, I am reading them and going through them. I'm creating this really long timeline. I'm also trying to be careful not to overwhelm you guys with too much information because there's so many moving pieces and they all have so many names and I've just been carefully organizing things because we have time, we have a little bit of a runway ahead of the election and I wanna make sure that I get it right.


So we left off interested in RIS, Cambridge Harris McPherson. Okay? And this is a woman that we believe is Kamala's grandmother or her mother. Really. She looks so much like her But. anyways, her true grandmother, not Barrell, a woman who I believe looks a little too much like Kamala and has been rather conspicuously just left out of the family Jamaican heritage story. So I'm just gonna show you the side by side of, of Kamala and Ris. And we then learned, because someone pointed it out to us that actually v's. Birth name is Iris. I can't believe I missed this. I produced the birth certificate and obviously did not read it for details.


But yes, If, you look at her birth certificate again, it actually says in that second column that her birth name is Iris. Now that explains why whoever created her profile on ancestry.com put Iris in parentheses on that far side it says RIS Anita and that's her baptismal name. As I've been going through all of these documents, I realized baptismal names are very important or were at this time because they then used them and pretended that it was their legal names on other documents. But yes, so when we see that and we go, okay, so we now have a grand iris that's very interesting. We know that this woman was born in 1927 in St.


Elizabeth, St. Elizabeth Jamaica and her last name was Cambridge. And I'm wondering, and I'm sure you're wondering, could she be the Miss Iris that Donald refers to So affectionately throughout his piece, he claims in that piece by the way, that Ms. Iris's ancestry is unknown to him, right? He also claims that that Iris that he mentions is his grandmother So. it would be Kamala's great grandmother and not her grandmother, which I suspect she is. And I'm gonna show you the extremely black woman that we are shown a picture of, a picture that he claims he captured of Kamala sitting on Miss Iris's lap.


Now I have received, by the way, a note from a woman who is in her seventies who swears that she knew this family and that that woman there worked for the family as we worked to get in touch with her. She's a bit older, trust me, I am on it. I, I've reached out, I'm gonna actually place a phone call later on today to try to see if she'll pick up her phone if she's easier or to connect with that way to get to the bottom of whether or not she really does know this family. She claims that she worked for the family for so long, didn't wanna leave, and that that is in fact a picture of the help. Which would be wild, absolutely wild. If we can get somebody to confirm that what we do now know for a fact is that Iris Cambridge, so going back to, I'm gonna have to start calling them like white Iris and Black Iris like just because I think it's easier for you guys to know who I'm speaking about.


So white Iris who died in Broward County, we know for a fact now that she is related to Kamala Harris. And I'm gonna tell you how we determine that fact. It is now undeniable because when Kamala Harris was effectively handed the torch from Biden after they staged an effective coup back in August, CNN couldn't help themselves. And he immediately ran an article instantly reminding the world that Kamala's Black, she's Jamaican, instantly looked black, fify her immediately. Here is the article that they ran and it essentially had a title like about her Jamaican roots or whatever and embedded in the article it was a man named Sherman Harris. And he was speaking about his second cousin Kamala.


He, I'm just gonna read this to you. It says, three and a half years ago, Sherman Harris gathered together a clutch of family and friends at his home on a hilltop here in rural Jamaica to watch his cousin step into history. As Kamala took the oath of office as vice president of the United States, the room erupted in screams and tears. He recalled quote, even talking to you, now I feel some sort of tears from my eyes too. you know, Sherman Harris 59 said an interview with CNN, it's like tears of joy. So later throughout that article, he claimed that Oscar Harris, that would be Kamala's grandfather Donald Harris' father and his father Newton Harris were brothers. So that would make Kamala his second cousin.


Okay? Now, if my theory is correct, that would mean that he knew White Iris very well because we know that White Iris and Oscar Harris were married until death did him part until he died. Well, guess what? We found that same cousin, cousin Sherman Harris, who was featured in that CNN piece just from August, we were crawling through Facebook, we found his Facebook page and he posted a sweet tribute to his Aunt Iris, white Iris. It was a Facebook posting of white Iris's obituary. And beneath that obituary posting, he wrote this tribute to her. There it is. You can see the third one down says Sherman Harris, rip Auntie, you're never forgotten lasting me memories of shared episodes.


that is the exact same Sherman Harris pictured in the C article. And again, this was posted under the obituary of the Iris Harris that died in Broward County. So this confirms that Iris, the white iris is indeed related to Kamala and Donald Harris. If Sherman is telling the truth, this would make Iris her grandmother officially. Kamala Harris must answer for this. She absolutely must answer this. You cannot be posting up pictures of you with a black woman saying that it's your grandma. Okay? You cannot do that. And then come to find out there was another woman who you look much more like and we have all of the evidence in the world that she is your true grandmother.


That is just, it is too wild, it is just too out of pocket. We are going to need answers to that because if, if what Sherman Harris who's interviewed by CNN is saying is true, then there is no room here. There's no situation in which Black Barrel, this woman is her legitimate grandmother, okay? And by the way, I wanna say, 'cause she's keeping up looking at this barrel, she no way favors Donald Terrace. Get a side by side of, of, of Barrel and Donald Terrace. Like what are we even speaking about? If, you, If, you put this together. How are you getting a barrel from this woman? And Oscar Harris? I don't see it. Now again, jeans can be funny, but then when you put him next to our white iris, I go, okay, look at little squinty eyes here.


I could see a, a little bit of a similarity here. He does seem to somewhat favor her. Again, now we're just believing our own eyes and asking the right questions. What we do know for a fact is that woman on the right, Iris Harris is related to Kamala Harris. And we need answers. Okay? We need answers. Now also, last week we left you on a tidbit. We were searching for a Christopher Harris. Do you guys remember that? I'm gonna briefly jog your memory here. Christopher Harris was the, at the time anonymous person who signed off on Oscar Harris' death certificate. And we were just imagining, okay, we're looking for information on Donald, we know Oscar Harris was married to Iris Viris, whatever you wanna call her. And I would just imagine that Donald would've been there by his father's side when he died because when your father dies, you tend to be by their side.


Well, I'm gonna pull up that death certificate again. This is again Oscar Harris' death certificate. And you can see on the bottom there, number 16 If, you go right there to the bottom it says qualification, meaning the person filling this out, the qualification is that he is the son of Oscar Harris. And then it says something about the body being buried. And he signed it off and we were going, okay, who is this Christopher Harris? Like this would mean that Oscar, that Donald Harris has a brother. This means that this guy would be kamala's, definitively be Kamala's uncle. Where is he in the world? Where while we were able to locate Chris, he was also featured in the Kingston Gleaner that has given us a lot of information.


The newspaper in an article that was dated back to June 24th, 1983, announcing the Council of Jamaicans in Ontario, Canada. I'm gonna show you a picture, okay? See these pictures of these people, that one in the middle is Chris Harris, presumably that would be Oscar Harris's son that he had with Iris Ris Harris. Okay? It says in the bottom there, the newly formed Council of Jamaicans. And it tells you again from left to right that you're looking at a man named Romley Armstrong and next to him is Bev Hayden. and that person who looks rather fair skinned in the middle is Chris Harris.


I find it rather offputting that Donald Harris does not mention many of his siblings in his piece about his Jamaican heritage. It seems like he's continually leaving out the white people and that just makes me a little bit uncomfortable. I don almost say it's racist. There's abandoned an entire side of your family. Like don't you find that quite weird that that piece so much focuses on introducing and discussing everyone who's black, but you leave out your own siblings. We've thus far, by the way, been able to locate two other confirmed siblings. So these would be the siblings of Donald Harris, the children of Oscar Harris and Iris, our our white Iris Harris who died in Broward County.


He doesn't mention them. Did did Kamal have a relationship with 'em growing up? I don't know. I wanna be clear, we still cannot find much information about Donald Terrace himself. We did find some old newspaper clippings of a Donald Terrace, which we're working to confirm it's him that was involved in a lot of plays in theater and in drama in Jamaica. And I'm going, okay, well the piece that I read about him, he was constantly speaking about the farm and the farm and the lessons on the farm. It would be wild if he turned out to be another theater kid. 'cause you know that I have had my fill of theater kids and them being put into positions of power, Allah, president Zelensky, Justin Trudeau, Emmanuel Macron.


So I'm really hoping that this is not the right Donald Terrace, but again, we're working to confirm it. Still cannot find his birth certificate. I still cannot find really anything else that would make him seem legitimate to be like I just, I can't find Donald Harris. But we are still looking, we're still searching and we're not gonna stop. Now I'm gonna take a quick pause here to thank one of our sponsors before we get into this next really interesting tidbit about the Kamala Harris scandal.


First and foremost, I've been telling you guys about Hallow because so many people are recognizing that it is a time for prayer and people want to have a deeper prayer life. But don Dunno where to get started. Well, I get that And so does Hallow, which is why I'm excited to tell you about Hallows new prayer Challenge. How to Pray Prayer can be such a daunting thing to undertake. Where do you start? What do you say? I remember when I was learning about Catholicism being in awe of how many different practices there were when it comes to prayer. But doesn't that have to be overwhelming? Hallows new prayer challenge will take you through short daily sessions over the next two weeks with an all star lineup of spiritual leaders and guests giving you all the essentials to creating a rich prayer life. They'll teach you how to pray through scripture, how to do imaginative prayers, how to incorporate prayers that have been around for centuries, And so much more. You'll get a new guide every day. And some of the guides include Father Mike Schmitz, Jonathan Rumi, who plays Jesus in the Chosen and Mark Wahlberg and many others. The only way that we can get through these crazy times is by getting closer to God in prayer is the best way to do that. So download the Hallow app for three months free at Hallow dot com slash Candace. Again, that is Hallow dot com slash Candace


All Right guys, now so many of you emailed me about Alvez Cambridge. You guys familiar with that? Never heard of that name. It's okay. So Alvez Cambridge, interestingly enough, is the brother of our white iris down in Florida, okay? She had a brother named Alvez and they lived near each other in Broward County and they were extremely close. Many of you guys pointed out to me that I missed in her obituary and I did miss this, dunno how I did. But there were so many pictures of her and her family, And so many pictures of Alvez and his wife of 68 years with Iris. They were extremely tight knit. That was all very true.


And Alvez Cambridge passed away in 2020 and in his hope, in his obituary, there were some things that were of interest and sent me down various rabbit holes. And I'm still collecting that data, but I wanna show you his obituary, particularly the second page of it. Okay, so this is his obituary. It goes on and talks about how he, you know, worked six days a week, opened a hardware store and worked in Jamaica through two fires that destroyed his business. He persevered and rebuilt to the mantra that you can destroy the tree, but the roots remain untouched. Talked about how him and his wife Vaughn loved to travel around the world. Yes, there's a lot of stuff I'd like to speak to you guys about Vaughn. But first I wanna introduce Alvez because like I said, there's so much information it's important to slow it down.


Look at this, this third portion here, okay? Al would want you to know that he was a free mason and visited many lodges around the world on his travels. He was also president of the Jockey club for a time. Okay? So this means that when this man passed away, he wanted the world to know. This is again, Iris's brother Alvez that she came over with on a ship. We found the ship logs, I believe it was in 1958. She came over with him on a ship and they settled in Miami Aade. And he wanted the world to know after he passed away and he was a Freemason and he visited many lodges around the world.


Now this is a great time for us to pause and discuss Freemasonry because there are so many different elements, cultural elements of this, which I think a lot of Americans have the wrong idea. Either they don't think Freemason Freemasonry is real, or they don't believe that Freemasonry is relevant or they believe that Freemasonry is innocent. And I'm gonna speak about all of those things. So First and foremost, what is Freemasonry? Full stop. Okay, so during the late Middle Ages, the world was united under the Holy Roman Catholic Church. Okay? So If, you had any opposition to the church throughout Europe, you were forced to go underground, right? We were a a Christian society and among the only organized groups that were able to move freely throughout Europe were these guilds of stone masons.


And they would then be, therefore, because they could move freely, hence free masons, they were able to maintain meeting halls or lodges in virtually every major city. And the Masons were essentially very talented at architecture and they had a bunch of secret knowledge, sometimes secret knowledge of architecture and of other topics. and that knowledge was dated back to the times of Egypt, right? And it was essential maintaining this knowledge in the construction of European churches and cathedrals. So one of the things that is well known is that Freemasons were in opposition to the church, right? They wanted to crush the church, which is why it is not ironic that the person who founded the Mormon church as just one example, many of the churches, the very many Protestant faiths that we have was Joseph Smith and he was a Freemason.


That's a fact. Just as one example, now you may know some people that are Freemasons and you're going, well I know this person and he goes to a lodge and he's completely harmless. Yes, it is a known thing that 97, like something like 97% of Freemasons are not in the top tier degree of freemasonry. And it is understood that at the top tier degree of Freemasonry, you essentially become one of the makers of the world. Now I remember, and I've spoken about this on this podcast, but one of the things that kind of ripped me into a new reality last year when I was studying with some priests was they sort of looked at me. I was, I was in London at the time and they just said to me in the kindest way possible, you Americans don't know anything about real history.


You just, you know nothing about your own country. You don't even know that your country was established by Freemasons. Right? And it's interesting, of course that I'm, I'm referring to Catholic priests. I believe a lot of the reasons why people hate Catholicism or hate Catholics is because Catholics know history. They have been recording history for a long time. So if you're a Freemason and you're working to rewrite history or you're telling people that America was established because of this or because of that and they, you completely remove the aspects of Freemasonry from our textbooks as they have, then yeah you are gonna be at conflict with the Catholic church who remembers everything and keeps, you know, very good records of history. So I'm just, for those of you guys who have never even heard of that and like I said, I, I would've been among you, I'm very new to relearning American history through the lens of Freemasonry, some known Freemasons.


George Washington was a Freemason. Thomas Jefferson was a Freemason. Benjamin Franklin was a Freemason Buzz Aldrin was a Freemason. Don't get me started. For those of you that have been listening to this podcast for a long time, you already know where I'm at, at where I'm at when it comes to NASA and the weird satanic chants that they were doing to establish the Apollo program and all the weird stuff that happened leading up to the moon landing. So I freaked out when I learned Buzz Algin was a Freemason. It's not helping my case in believing those moon landings. I'll tell you that for free. Franklin Roosevelt was another Freemason Sigmund Freud that got me into a lot of trouble this year because I started speaking about Sigmund Freud, he's a member of of Benni Breth. And I was telling you, look, this guy who keeps writing about child sex, yeah, there are some things you should know about him.


He was a Freemason Mozart was a free mason, okay? So at a a point in our history and likely even today, it was all about a battle for power, a battle for dominion over the earth. And they had all different sorts of aims. And it is true that different groups, high degree of Freemasons practiced sexual rituals. And again, that gets back into the origins of nasa. For those of you that are new to this, you gotta go back and watch the NASA episode, watch the Michael Jackson episode, watch the NASA origin story. It's shocking. It's all in your face. You can look this up literally on Wikipedia, it's so known, I'm not like on a weird Reddit feed learning misinformation.


They believed that some of these people, and particularly speaking about nasa, that you could perform these sex rituals and have these like group sex settings and you would be able to summon demons and they believed that they would be able to conquer the earth this way. These people who established Apollo thought this they, these people, I was sharing a story. Alistair Crowley was one of these individuals. He was quite literally kicked out of Italy. Italy, pardon? By Mussolini because he was hosting a sex ritual amongst the powerful elite. That's what I think is the biggest takeaway. The biggest takeaway is that the people that practiced these sexual rights and believed in sex magic and did these things in effort to conquer the world were elites.


This wasn't like a random group of people in the middle of nowhere living in the desert doing this stuff. you know what I mean? Like this was the most powerful people in the world in effort to believe that they would be able to conquer the nations. It's important to know that to, as we continue to discuss everything that's happening, because I even had to reset my mind as I was looking into Kamala's history and all of this weird stuff and I was going, okay, what was the world up to in the 1940s as just an example of Donald Terrace was born in 1938. What was actually going on in our country? Well, you know it we're talking about World War II period where this stuff was going on where you had Elise that were practicing fma, we're talking about when free Masonry was relevant, where these sorts of individuals who thought like this leading up into the sixties, obviously free love, sex, rock and roll, many people don't know.


The basis of that was Alistair Crowley's religion, fma. That was the precursor. It wasn't like a bunch of adults by themselves decided to have multiple partners. It was at a bunch of elites behind closed doors. It decided to introduce sexual liberation as a means to conquer nations. And it worked. It crushed the church in the process, right? Having multiple partners is is explicitly anti-Christian, obviously making people not desire marriage. These are the sorts of things that actually took place in this country and you can learn all of these things. By the way, I posted my book list on locals.com because people were like, where are you learning all this stuff? I'm like, I just read stuff that are, that's outside of a textbook.


And of course start with that book Chaos because the sixties was a very, very wild time. People changing their names. Of course prior to that you had McCarthyism and your textbook, you learned that he was just a paranoid guy, paranoid senator. It's not true. It was real. Communists were invading America, they were changing their names, they were selling our secrets and he was brave to fight and stand up and to speak about it. Anyways, like I said, I, I want to just speak about that because when you see Alvis Cambridge openly put something like Freemasonry, I don't think that's a haha joke after you die. He just was like, I'm not gonna say this until I die. And then I want you guys to just publicize it.


So we have someone who is likely Kamala Harris's great uncle or uncle who is explicitly saying that he's a Freemason and now we have a woman who's about to be president of the United States. How does that make you feel? like I said, we don't want to overwhelm you guys. Another important part of this process is we don't wanna make any mistakes by going through all of these documents too quickly because that's what they're waiting on, right? If this, everyone's watching these episodes, they're seeing the numbers, they understand people are processing this, they're waiting, they're waiting for me to make one slip up so they can like pound and be like, she's crazy. So I'm going through everything very slowly and very meticulously. We're investigating every claim that people are making, but until we feel certain that it's correct, we're not presenting it tomorrow, we are going to take a closer look.


However, at Kamala's alleged Mother Shaya Oli Golin, there are some interesting things in her filings, some interesting things about her pursuit of citizen citizenship in America that have come up and we feel well equipped to discuss those things. I also wanted to tell you guys that are emailing us at info at CandaceOwens dot com that there are still a few things we're looking for. So If, you can find it or you come across it, please send it. One of those things is Donald Jasper Harris Harris's birth certificate or a yearbook entry. He did list the schools that he went to. Maybe you are someone who attended those schools and you have an old yearbook. I just would like to confirm that his name has always been Donald Jasper Harris 'cause I can't seem to find him.


Also regarding Alvis Cambridge, our Freemason Iris's brother, we can't locate his birth certificate. We know that he was born in Saint Elizabeth Jamaica per his naturalization document, but we can't find a birth certificate for him. And. so If, you can find that, please send it over. We also would like to find Alvis Cambridge's marriage certificate. He married a young woman whose name was Cynthia, Yvonne Lopez. Say that again? Cynthia. Yvonne Lo Lopez. And we just cannot seem to locate that marriage certificate. It should be either they got married in Jamaica or they got married in the Miami Broward County area.


So If, you guys can find that. Please send it over. We are gonna pause there on the Kamala stuff. Much more coming out more this week. We're gonna completely say on it because we are just so shocked by all of these discoveries that we're making. And by the way, I believe she's dangerous based on everything that I have seen. My gut instinct tells me that what I'm looking at is a, some sort of a well organized communist effort to get people into America. And now I have an understanding that there's some level of free masonry that is involved in this And. so that makes Kamala Harris very dangerous. So we shouldn't just be laughing at this.


We should recognize this. This woman is about to assume top office and her feet should be held to fire. She should have to answer questions about why she is lying about her heritage. Who that Grandma Barrel Black Barrel and black Iris are, because I don't believe she's related to them. Not even one drop. That's all I'm saying.


All Right. guys, I wanna remind you about Gold Co because this election season has been insane and we really don't know who is going to win in November, but there is one thing that we do know, alright, at least I know I'm going to be buying gold and silver United States has $35 trillion in debt. There is no better time to protect your money and savings while you still can. You can go to Candace likes gold.com and you'll learn about the top rated Precious Metals company Goldco and how they can help you. They're a great company that is top rated with over 6,005 star reviews in a whole bunch of awards. Not only do they support my show, but my listeners can get up to a 10% instant match in bonus silver on qualified orders. So if you're worried about your money losing value or you just wanna buy some precious metals that you can physically hold onto gold Coke and help visit Candace likes gold.com. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com.


All Right. guys, I did want to show you this because I'm like, yeah, this is amazing. People should be putting pressure on LeBron James. I am still so not okay with the fact that this man who elected himself, the president of all things Black lives, anytime a black criminal died, he was out there telling people to protest on the streets like a, like a government plant. I'm just not okay with the silence. I, I genuinely am not okay with his silence on the issue of Diddy, who he claims was his boy, that who he claimed had the best parties ever and he's still silent. So you, we have this former NBA player, Kwame Brown, he has a YouTube channel and he is now calling out LeBron James.


I think it's fantastic. This is what needs to happen and it shouldn't just be Kwame, but take a listen. Kwame Kwame Brown been sitting here chilling, talking politics while LeBron James been ducking smoke from Candace Owens, he also been ducking smoke from son. He been ducking smoke For anybody asking them questions about this God Diddy situation, You know 'cause them the greatest parties alive. you know LeBron James on camera saying, ain't no party like a Diddy party and we know them some naked ass parties. Those are, I can uncon confirm some naked a SS parties. that is a fact. Kwame is correct and he does seem to be ducking smoke and I'm not here for it.


I'm just not here for trying to convince me that this guy who alleges that he is the king had nothing to say When we watched a video of Cassie Ventura getting beat by his friend Diddy. Could you imagine like, like purporting yourself to be a person that cares so much about Black Lives, branding yourself in that manner and then you have an opportunity to speak out on something that is so obviously morally wrong and horrific and you choose silence. Here's my thing, if he's gonna choose this silence, he better keep at it. I don't wanna hear another political quotation or expression from LeBron James from his ex feed in the streets. If he says anything seriously, I, I'm just gonna lose my mind because the reality is, is he's a complete and utter fraud.


He's an absolute fraud hanging around with people who live their lives like that while trying to preach to the rest of us about the struggles facing black Americans, but won't address the ones that were happening at the very parties that he was attending. It's an absolute nonsense. And by the way, you guys, it's about to get a lot worse. As we have predicted. As we have said, it's very obvious that there are politicians and executives who are above Diddy and involved in this ring who are likely going to get exposed while an attorney named Ariel Mitchell Kidd who's representing a different, a new Diddy Combs accuser says that she's been contacted regarding the sale of one of Diddy's tapes. Take a listen. There already have been tapes leaking around Hollywood being shopped around to individuals in Hollywood, but one particular person contacted me to shop a particular video they were in possession of and to contact the person who was in the video to see if they were interested in purchasing the video before it became a public knowledge.


Oh, I've heard this before. So like a catch and kill. Catch and kill. Correct. Wow. Can you, and I guess you can't reveal the person who is on, No, I can't explain who the person was, but Mr. Col high profile Mr. Combs was in the tape and this other person is, I would venture to say more high profile than Mr. Combs. Really? This was actually in his Atlanta home, okay, at a home he had in Atlanta at one point. And it does seem that it's the person isn't like looking into the video, so it's to me, doesn't seem like that person knows they're being videotaped. It doesn't seem like they're active participant in the videotaping, like they're being surreptitiously recorded it. Unbelievable a lot of things to unpack there.


Well, First and foremost, what we can understand is that people are now having to buy back their own tapes. By the way, this is tale as old as Hollywood Time. If you've read that book that I've recommended to you, Hollywood, Babylon, this was already going on, that they would get women on tapes and then have them buy it back or have like pictures of them and have it, have them buy it back. The expression peeping Tom actually comes from an old Hollywood director who put holes just like Diddy did at his house and would have these raunchy parties and then would catch people on film. This is literally, this is tale as old as Hollywood time. like I said, Hollywood has always been a town filled with debauchery and drugs and murder and lies and deception and people that are looked up to and inhaled to as heroes and kings and as beautiful queens who live their lives like this in private, which is just truly sickening.


But she's saying that there's someone bigger than Diddy who could that be at his Atlanta home? Who do you think it was that didn't realize they were being re recorded at his Atlanta home? There's not many names in hiphop that I would say are bigger than Diddy is that she's referring to more powerful, perhaps an executive that's more powerful. My best guess is that that person will buy back the tape. But just like what happened in Hollywood, Babylon, there's probably more copies of it that have been made and you just can't keep buying these sorts of tapes. And what really upsets me by the way, is how casually she's discussing this, which means she's not the only person it's being shopped around. That means right now all of Hollywood is colluding to keep this on the low. Like no one has come forward and said, I don't care about the tape being shopped around, but I do want people to know that this person was engaged in this on camera.


Like nobody has that moral clarity to just come out and say it. Instead, they're all just gonna stay quiet because they all know that they're a part of the same ecosystem. They all know that if they tell the truth about what goes on in Hollywood, they'll be chased out of it. And they'd rather keep their their place in Hollywood and live amongst these deranged stars than do the right moral thing. It's all really, really sickening. But of course we will stay on that story. You guys,


I am going to just throw it to one more advertisement before we get into your comments. I can't wait to hear what it is that you guys have to say, but first I'm gonna tell you guys about American Financing because mortgage interest rates are dropping and are now in the fours. Finally, if you've been waiting to figure out how to get your finances in order, you need to call my friends at American Financing. Two day. Many hardworking Americans are carrying high credit card balances that charge 20% or more each month. It's time to get rid of those American financing's. Salary based mortgage consultants are helping homeowners just like you tap into their home's equity to get out of high interest debt. They're saving their average customer $800 a month by doing this. But rates dropping, the decision is easy. All it takes is a 10 minute no cost, no obligation phone call to find out how much you can save and If you start today. You may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash owens


All Right. guys, let's read some of your comments. you know, we're gonna do that just on rumble because we're quietly building on rumble. Like I, I really wish I could read your guys on YouTube as well, but I hope you'll hit the link and follow us over to Rumble If, you are here on YouTube also If, you wanna support our independent work because we are not monetized here. Please take a second if you're enjoying this investigative journalism to go to locals.com and find me and give whatever you can monthly to support our independence because we're having so much fun and we love that we do not rely on YouTube anymore and that we can say what we wanna say and know that you guys have our backs. We're gonna stay on this Kamala thing again, locals.com and you can find me and give a gift to support our independence. We are now cutting over to Rumble to answer some questions.


All right, let's get ready to rumble. This person Rh second writes, canis Uur ray of sunshine at a yellow brick road in the hellscape of evil vaccines, zombies and criminals, basically Hollywood, I guess stay safe and fearless. I'm, yes, I'm against all those things. Vaccines, zombies and criminals and some, sometimes all three I feel like are coming at us at the exact same time. It has been really fun and it is also, I'm very happy. I'm just very happy and I think that just comes with real freedom. Rami writes, we love you Candace. God bless your life and your family. Thank you so much, Rami. Sarah writes, everyone cancel your Netflix and Hulu sign up on locals with a Candace subscription. We have a little community going on there too.


Thank you so much. And I'm sorry that I haven't, by the way, been posting on locals over the last week. I am obsessed right now with this Kamala thing. I'm busy, can't come to the phone, can't do anything, can't sleep and eat. Okay, I'm sleeping and I'm eating. But even when I go to sleep, it's like the last thing I think about is I'm like, what am I missing? What am I missing? There are so many twists and turns and they have so many names and it's just so clear to me that this is some sort of a, a, a communist ring that was somehow running people through Jamaica and So. I just need to prod this narrative further. Looking into the Cambridge family, I'm so organized, but again, I don't wanna misstep. I just feel like they're waiting for that to happen. It's very similar by the way, with what happened to, with Pizzagate. Like people had valid questions about these really weird emails that Barack Obama was sending about pizza and like hot dogs and pizza parties all the time.


And then somebody made a mistake and took it too far. And next thing you know, they were like anybody who believed in Pizzagate. So you, you just have to be careful and make sure that anything that you're presenting is an actual fact. And then they never had to answer the questions about why he was sending so many weird emails about pizza and like all, it was just totally bizarre. And I wanna make sure that Kamala still has to answer all of these questions. And the best way to do that is just to make sure that we are operating slowly and fact checking everything and not saying anything with certainty unless we are 1000% certain of what it is that we are saying. And like I said, we do have the time to still do this. Jennifer writes, is there some sort of AI where we can just upload pictures of Barrel, Iris and Kamala and have it tell us based on scanning the images, which one looks more like Kamala?


Yes, they do have those AI services, but what will happen is the news stations and the public that they'll like try to debunk that. Like, oh, who cares about these little AI services? It doesn't really mean anything. They're not perfect and they aren't perfect. So that's true And. so what I say is just forget the ai, believe your own eyes, like just believe your own eyes. And I just am looking at my own eyes. I am not believing that barrel is Kamala's grandmother, least of all. I'm definitely not believing that Barrell is the mother of Donald J. Harris. I just wanna know who Donald J. Harris is. So please somebody find a yearbook, something I need you. Come on soldiers. You guys have been so good emailing me so many things, so many tidbits. Maud gone writes, I'm grateful to you for showing how sex, nudity, violent, and drugs was used to break down the family and a strong society in Iran.


There are higher numbers of women in science, medicine and research than in the US That has not surprised me at all. America is getting infinitely more dumb as we become more reliant on the media that the establishment to media and the mainstream media to tell us what to think. People have stopped thinking altogether. And I do believe that there is an intentional hiding of knowledge, of science, of medicine, not wanting people to know anything because I think that we actually are in the dark ages. We're going into the dark ages. The Age of Enlightenment was actually an age when a bunch of Freemasons enlightened themselves and decided how they would begin to keep more and more information from us. But I'll save that rant for another day. 1, 2, 3 B, right?


God bless you Candace. Thank you for doing the right thing. We are on your side. Viva Cristo, Ray and Ave. Maria Ave Maria, play it out. Writes great episode. Thank you guys so much. I'm so happy that all of these random things that I've been obsessed with all year, like learning about Chaos book and the sixties and Freemasons and the Catholic church, it's all just kind of coming together. That's how you know God is just with us. Because everything that happened this year in my life has just been such a blessing. And the things that I got interested in, like I was just definitely being motivated by the Holy Spirit because we're all working together towards this like larger revelation about true evil that exists in our society. And our best guard against that First and foremost is God like to become godly in every capacity that we can.


And I've just felt so, so drawn towards the church, but also just turning off the evil. Like just saying no. Like we get to make a decision. We don't have to listen to these people that lecture us all the time and who are trying to enslave us to their plans. I mean, I, and don't even, I'm sorry I didn't even have time today to discuss the nonsense of them really just dragging us into World War II with Iran. Like we're just supposed to believe this Iran narrative that I've been telling you was gonna happen for two years. Now they're pretending that it's like by accident. It's like guys, the elites want war. They want war. It's so obvious they want war. Anyone doesn't see that and believes that what's happening is organic just needs to wake up. Like seriously for your own benefit. Wake up and we are here to help you do that. And we will of course be here again tomorrow to continue this investigation and discuss much more.


I'll see you guys then.