
Hey, it's Bill Simmons from the Bill Simmons podcast here to tell you about Michelob Ultra Courtside. It's getting fans closer to the NBA with a chance to win prizes like Courtside seats, A trip to Star weekend and much more. Check it out at michelob ultra.com/courtside. Michelob ultra superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents 21 and up begins on October 1st, 2024 ends July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mlo belcher com courtside for free. Entry. Entry, deadlines and official rules. Message and data rates may apply Void, wear prohibited.


Alright everybody, stop the presses because somebody from the Harris Family Ham Harris Family Circle has contacted me. Apparently the family is being inundated with calls from the press, particularly the Washington Post. And so I know that the VP debates happened last night, but scrap that because this is all I can talk about. I'm very sorry. Plus I got an email from a man named Moses and he is swearing that Kamala's paternal line is Jewish and he is not just speculating, he actually put together an entire compelling document that I'm going to show you. This is all getting extremely crazy, but we are getting very close to the truth. So let's get started. Welcome back to Candace.


I just truly do not know how deep this rabbit hole is going to get. The emails I am receiving from everybody are completely crazy, crazy as in just so informative And so many surprises and twists and turns. By the way, many of you guys have been asking us to put together a visual family tree. So we're going to do that for you guys today. Plus we're gonna share with you all on our locals page, a working family timeline and a working family tree so that you can see it and follow along more closely. So definitely head to locals.com and follow us there. Remember, these are all just working timelines. They're very much subject to change. If more information becomes available, we may be wrong about some things. And again, I am doing this just as a sheer investigation.


If something is wrong, I reserve the right to correct it. I honestly wish that we would just have Donald J. Harris, Donald Jasper Harris sit down and answer some questions or Kamala Harris to straighten it out for us. How could you just be purporting to be black and running around with Megan thee stallion shaking her booty so you can raise money bringing out Lil John, walking out to Beyonce knowing that you are telling some very big lies. So here's the thing. What everyone agrees upon is that Donald J. Harris is the big question mark in this family. Something is not making sense and that something is his written piece regarding his Jamaican heritage, his Jamaican ancestry. And I'm just gonna quickly remind you of what instantly flagged me as odd about that piece.


Well First and foremost, as we have said many times he mentions both his mother and his father only once in one sentence in that piece that is it just one sentence dedicated to his mother and his father. Extremely strange If you are doing a piece about your heritage. He also rather mysteriously claims that he doesn't know the ancestry at all of his grandmother. Miss Iris, miss Iris, he writes Nay Finnegan. She wouldn't have been nay Finnegan, she would've been nay Allen. So that's strange to me as well who he writes the entire article about. The entire article is about his grandmother Miss Iris. So the fact that he is simultaneously claiming not to know her ancestry, we just gotta run that through the bank of common sense, right?


I was super close with both of my grandparents. It would be utterly bizarre for me to claim that I just didn't know their ancestry. Like that is just something that comes up If you are very close to your grandparents as he purports to be. He says Miss Iris raised him and she was, you know, and Christiana Brown, miss Chrisy raised him and they were fortified and they were strong and he learned all of these lessons from them. And yes, on Miss Iris, she just very quickly mentions that he, her ancestry is unknown to him. He also in the piece very obviously declines to mention all of his many siblings and half siblings only mentions one sibling. Her name is Enid Harris and we know that he has at least five. And regarding Enid Harris, we have not yet been able to find anything about her.


Now it is plausible that she got married and now has a different last name and that's why we can only chase so many rabbits down the hole. But we have not been able to just verify who Enid Harris actually is from his piece. So we've got a sibling who he mentions that we can't find at all and then about five fib siblings that we can find who he doesn't have anything to say about. So that's interesting. So here is what happened earlier today and why we are so late today on the podcast, we received an email from someone that was purporting to be a very close family friend of somebody in Kamala's family. Now of course we instantly fleshed this out, researched the person on Facebook and it looked pretty legit right off the bat that this person could plausibly be a close family friend to the Harris family.


And I'm, I'm gonna be scant on the details here because we've not yet been able to get on the phone hoping that will happen later tonight with the actual Harris relative. But the conversation that we had with the friend of was incredibly interesting. He basically said that this particular Harris family member would like to talk that they have been watching the series, paying attention to it and they have some things that they would like to clarify and some things that they would like to say. And I instantly said, of course that's exactly what we have been waiting for. We're not doing this well it, it's getting fun obviously, but we're doing this because we are just realizing some major holes and this woman is trying to be the president of the United States. It's relevant, everybody should be talking about this. We cannot have somebody become the president of the United States who is telling us some major lies about their background.


So this family friend similarly grew up in Jamaica and expressed the following to me First and foremost that the family is fielding calls, as I mentioned at the top of the show from various media outlets, namely the Washington Post calling around trying to gather information. I guess they're trying to fact check the story, maybe themselves realizing some holes and they have not, by the way I should mention, reached out to me at all, which is quite interesting. They're probably just trying to debunk it quietly because there's a lot of people that are following the story and realizing that something is quite wrong. We don't know what that something is, but we all agree that something is wrong. This individual family friend also confirmed to me that Donald Harris lived for a time in the household of our white iris and his father Oscar Harris, which would make sense because white Iris and father Oscar Harris were married until his dying day.


By the way, Chris, we can pull up that chart right now if people just wanna follow that along, we can pull up the family chart. Now I wanna be clear, this family chart is what we're putting together of people that were married. Obviously you can see Kamala Harris, we have the people that she says are her parents. I have question marks about that. We'll get to the bottom of it and then we have Donald Terrace. Now I wanna be clear, Donald Terrace alleges that his mother is barrell. So that is, we're just putting there up visually because we are speaking about Iris. In fact, we'll make a little edit and connect Donald Terrace to Oscar Barrell. Seems to be this, this, this question mark. But yes we are, we have now a, a confirmation from somebody who is saying that Donald Harris lived in the household for a time period with his father and who would be Iris and Iris that he grew up with at some point, which would in my mind be his entire childhood because of when they got married.


And so that fact again makes it exceedingly strange that he completely omitted that iris from his Jamaican heritage article. Why? Why are you skipping all of these relatives? It just doesn't make sense. I asked this family friend if he ever met or heard of Barrell outside of the pieces of Kamala speaking about her paternal grandmother barrel while he was in Jamaica. And he said no, he never heard of her. So that's interesting. It could mean something, it could mean nothing. I'm just telling you what this family friend said. He also says that Oscar, our Oscar Harris had three children before he married RIS three children.


He's alleging before he married ris. And this is why I really wanna have this conversation with the family member because I wanna put these names together. He also noted that, and this is very true in the Caribbean, particularly in Jamaica, that people sleep around a lot on the island. I know that it, it is true and that is of some interest that you know, RIS would marry somebody who had three children before they got married. That to me is, is interesting. I again am just working to confirm who exactly those individuals are. But it does make it even stranger that Donald Harris has mentioned no other siblings in his piece. Aside from Enid Harris, his sister, is it a half sister?


Is it a full sister? We don't know. We are looking for more details there. My understanding at this moment after the conversation that I had is that far from the representation of the media who looked for family members to say everyone's so proud of Kamala, it seems to me that there are some family members that are not who perceive her to be problematic, to perceive parts of her story to be problematic. And if we are able to secure this interview with this individual, I don't know if he's going to speak publicly, I don't know if he just wants to speak privately to clarify some things, then it is going to be a major expose because my sense is that there is a lot of fraud that is being imparted at this moment and the media is complicit in covering it up.


By the way, I should mention here that somebody who emailed me that we've received so many emails had this theory that is quite interesting. Obviously not saying it's true, but their theory as that it's plausible that Donald and RIS could be the parents of Kamala that works according to the timeline. It certainly works according to the timeline. Again, we don't know if that's true and our job here is to simply ask questions and to try to find the answers and to clarify things that were wrong. But I did see a few of your emails coming in that were all of you going, this is what it looks like, this is what it could be, whatever. And then that would potentially, as the email said, that would potentially explain why he doesn't want to mention this person at all.


Who knows that by the way, that's in full tinfoil hat land. There is no evidence of that. But I just wanted to give that an honorable mention. All Right guys, I'm going to now tell you about this guy Moses, who sent me an email with some documentation that is fascinating.


But first I'm gonna tell you about PreBorn because I always have to throw it to my sponsors for supporting this show. It's been really fun. We know by the way, that Kamala Harris is the first vice presidential candidate to ever visit an abortion facility. It's unbelievable. And Tim Waltz supported a bill in his home state which legalized the denial of life saving medical care to infants born alive after botched abortions. The media has dubbed this the abortion election that we are upon. We have to stand up to this evil practice. When you join forces with pre-born the largest pro-life organization in the nation, you are protecting the greatest victims in our society. Babies that are in their mother's wombs, PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the nation and they have rescued over 300,000 babies. When a woman considering an abortion searches to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there. PreBorn gives these women an a free ultrasound. The power of hearing that heartbeat on the ultrasound combined with God's love doubles a baby's chance at life. One ultrasound costs just $28 and up to five ultrasounds are just $140. Any gift will help their cause. And all gifts are tax deductible. Donate securely. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby again. To donate securely dial pound two 50, say the keyword baby. Or you can head to PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


All Right guys, now there's this case of another email that was received and at first I was like, okay, you know the heading, the headline in the email was Kamala Harris is is German Jewish. And the first thing that came to my mind again like as we've been doing this investigation, why hide any of this stuff? Like who cares If you lineage dates back to Jewish people, dates back to Irish people. Like what is the shame here? And that is putting together a picture that we are missing something because nobody cares. Like we live in such a multicultural society that we almost anticipate when you go back far enough in anybody's ancestry that there's just gonna be a lot of different races and mixes. And so it's just odd that they're leaving out some things.


So I wanna take you through what this person emailed and the first thing that they said was that they had recognized that on the genealogy websites there was an intentional red herring, a made up individual to throw people off the scent of trying to figure out who Joseph Alexander's father was. So let's pull up that chart again so you guys can follow along and know exactly what it is that we're talking about. That family chart. So again, we know that Oscar, that Donald Harris when he wrote his piece kind of says that beyond the Miss Chrisy generation, that's his Miss Iris, I'm sorry, that's his Miss Irish generation that he doesn't know. He doesn't know anything about his family ancestry.


So it sort of stops at Joseph Alexander Harris, which is kind of weird. Well this guy is saying no, I have figured this out. Actually we do know who the father was of Joseph Alexander Harris. He had the same name, the first, first name and last name, but his middle name was different. It was Bravo Harris. He says that Joseph Bravo Harris is the relative that they are purporting that they don't know, but they do in fact know that this is the great grandfather of Donald Harris. And the reason that they're blocking this, he says, is because he belonged to a different church and his relatives that he was Jewish and that there was actually a public record of this on his grave site, which is on, there's like a, a website that directs you to Jewish tombs in Jamaica.


We have fact checked this and this is true. And he says that actually more can be learned about him in a book that was published in 1941 from a man named Jacob a PM Andra. So the forward, you can see this book is is very old again, it was published in 1941 in Kingston, Jamaica. And the forward of the book tells you that really this was just a labor of love that Mr. Andra, the person who put this together, has painstakingly collected information and carried out research over a period of 17 years. He has interviewed scores of people, written hundreds of letters and has searched 163 will books and 1400 deed books at the island record office in Spanish towns.


We know that that is where there are family is from. And so that is immediately of interest. We know that this person is going through all of the records. Now If you go in this book to Appendix L listed under the quote Cemetery cemetery of former English and German congregation, you see in loving memory of Joseph Bravo Harris. Okay, born November 2nd, 1855, died on the 20th of September, 1894. Then there is another section which lists Joseph Harris under Saint Ann.


The first who emailed me is saying that this is an uncle under Saint Anne, which again, we know that all of the relatives are from the Saint Anne Parish. And it says also on his pen property. You see that in the corner Saint Anne on his pen property Inverness. Now where have we seen the word before? That's a tell. If that is indeed his property, it's an important clue because Donald mentions Inverness as the place where Miss Iris, the grandmother he was so close to but didn't know any details about, he says that she was from there, but like her ancestry is unknown to him. So it, it does place, you know, the family at that time here, which is a, a major clue.


Joseph Bravo, by the way, had a brother and his name was Michael Ralph Bravo and he is registered as a free mason in Jamaica. This guy shows me this and here it is. You can actually see the logs of the the Free Mason, the free Masons signing their names there. He is registered in 1908 and that particular lodge that he is registered in, I makes him an England an English free mason. And that is considered the oldest Masonic Lodge in the world. It was established as an underground movement to support the wigs. Now a lot of you guys asked me questions in the comment section, you're like, can I speak more about Freemasonry?


And that is just, that would be an entire series. It's relevant. You should learn about Freemasonry. It is definitely, like I said on past episodes, it was an underground movement of people that were trying to overthrow empires, trying to overthrow kings. And they were meeting in secret society like meeting in these free freemasonry lodges to discuss how to do that. So I wanted to just give you a brief history 'cause I was looking into that. Okay, so if he's alleging that this is the family, were seeing the freemasonry thing come up again and what is it that were the aims of that particular Masonic lodge. And it is true that Freemasonry has a lot to do with the establishment of America. Like England was not cool just losing America after the Revolutionary War.


We were then infiltrated by a bunch of Freemason lodges and it became a way to sort of fight for America within America, but do it in a way that was secret. Anyways, that particular lodge that he is registered in, this is again Michael Ralph Bravo, who would be the brother of Joseph Bravo is the oldest Masonic Lodge in the world. As I said, it was an underground movement to support the wigs. There's a historian who notes that the wig administration of England organized this grand lodge as a loyalist counter to the jacobite rising of 1715. This get, we're not gonna get too deep into history here, but it dates back to the war of three kingdoms between England, Scotland, and Ireland.


So again, Freemason lodges kind of rising because they wanted a certain political philosophy to win. This particular lodge was down with wi, which essentially sought to prevent a Catholic ascension to the English throne, especially that of any of King James II's descendants. So they were particularly interested in break making sure that the Catholic church gained no more power. So that's just a little back history in case you're interested in what that lodge is aims were when it was established. So we are seeing that family member and then of interest is that that Michael then settled in Canada. We find him that Freemason on a ship manifest.


So what's interesting here is we're starting to see the coordinates. We're starting to see a map here of the same places data starting all the way here back in the 18 hundreds in Kamala's alleged family to now presently, right? We were starting to look at logs and we know that they spent this, the Harris family sent time in Canada. We know that they spent time in New Orleans. We know that they spent a lot of time in Jamaica. And so this person did indeed Michael settle in Canada, which would put the Harris family in Canada. We also know, by the way, we haven't yet gotten to her mother, but that she also worked in Canada, was in Canada a lot. So there may be reasons for that, but it is of interest that Canada keeps popping up in our research.


Okay? So like I said, that kind of is the person that he found that he believes that they actually do know this ancestry but for some reason are trying to obs ncate it. What reason that would be again is just, it's just not clear to me. Then he gets into, by the way, we should show that page where he speaks about the conversions that were happening in the, in the book. Yeah, yeah. So as this guy is kind of going through all of this and speaking about how it, again this, this book a record of the Jews in Jamaica is the title of it. As he's speaking through all of this, he speaks about why it was that so many Hebrew residents in the saint and perish began converting or marrying and what is of interest regarding Joseph Bravo Harris is the fact that, look at this, the Hebrews resident from the same book in Saint Anne Parish assembled for divine worship on Yom Kippur at the home of Joseph Harris at Brownstown, I was credibly informed that the room Harris appropriated for the service, which was during his lifetime never was never used for any other purpose.


Harris was an English Jew. He came here from New Orleans, Louisiana. Again, another coordinate that just keeps popping up. And then the author writes, I have not been able to ascertain the provision for worship that was made in any of the other parishes. Saint Elizabeth must however, have had organized worship during the 18th century. It is very pleasing to record that at no time since the reform movement assumed practical form during the 19th century has religious persecution in the island reached so acute a stage as to at all render it possible for the setting up of reform congregation, as was the case in some of the neighboring islands. Thus to save many on this account from leaving their ancestral religion.


So he's just kind of going through all of this, speaking about how some people left the faith and he says that he's inclined to believe that they did that because they just didn't like the rabbinical Judaism with its unyielding laws and just kind of wanted to marry into other families and become Christian. But that is of interest here. So again, if we can get up that family chart, we're speaking now about Joseph Bravo Harris and he believes that this is the father of Joseph Alexander Harris. So right in the chart you're seeing, we don't have a picture for him, but we have a blank spot for him if this is correctly, if, if this is correct, then above that we have someone that would be technically Kamala's third great-grandfather Ralph Harris, who married Julia Bravo.


That's where that middle name Bravo comes from. And what he's been able to discern is that they were also born in 1832 in England. He married Julia Bravo, they had two children together. He then married Sarah and Winchester and they had two children together. He also had one son with Louisa Mary Evans, and that's where he says he's gotten as far back. But for whatever reason, he's saying that this would of course be known to the Harris family because Harris was a big name in St. Anne Paris. She would obviously know that her heritage dated back to this. She would obviously know that she had Jewish relatives, which again just keeps leading us to this question of why hide any of this. This is not something that the world would be upset about or angry about.


So I I just don't understand why we are hiding certain relatives, pretending not to know certain ancestral things. What is the explicit aim of that? And I, I can't come up with a logical answer. There's nothing that makes sense to me. I'm, I'm going way down in my head. I'm like, let me just like go in straight conspiracy land. Why would you want to hide a relative? It can't be so simple that it's because you just want people to think that you're black. I mean, can it be, can it really be that simple that you just want people to think that you're black because the Democrats are, are so reliant as they are upon the black vote? Like maybe like maybe, but that just seems really foolish because eventually someone was gonna look into this and see all of these holes.


Maybe they were thinking it just wasn't gonna happen before the election. And that is, that is a reality with the entire media on your side, not poking holes in your story, instead condemning people that question your blackness. You probably could get away with it at least until election time. Because think about it, this woman was just established Kamala Harris and an effective coup against Joe Biden. They were like, yeah, nevermind she, she's the Democrat nominee. That's it. She's a democratic nominee, no questions asked. Nobody actually wanted her to be, but here she is, the media then fonds over her. That means that hap that took place in August, we only have until November. All they had to do was have nobody look into this for three months. Maybe it is, maybe it is that simple.


It was just an election time thing and it really is just about the black vote perhaps. But again, this was super interesting. We're gonna put this document that he put together also on our locals page so people can look into it and see whether or not they believe that, that there is some merit to those claims. I, I do think that he did a very good job putting that together. Alright, a brief break before we talk about some very interesting comments that have been coming from people that are Indian about Hinduism and what they find to be suspicious about Kamala's heritage.


But first I wanna tell you guys about all family pharmacy feeling sick of big pharma. Calling the shots is a sentiment that resonates with many Americans. Big pharma has been a key factor in rising medication costs due to the lack of transparency and the influence pharmaceutical companies have over healthcare practices. All family pharmacy believes in medical freedom since 2021. They've been providing Americans with Ivermectin helping over 50,000 patients across the US fight covid, parasites and even cancer. Ivermectin starts at just $3 per capsule and it's made right here in the USA, not in India, not in China. They provide the doctor's prescription for you with no hassle, just the medicine that you need when you need it. They also offer hydroxychloroquine antibiotics and more with over 200 medications available and fast delivery. So don't wait for the next wave. Protect yourself and your family today. Visit all family farm pharma.com/owens. Again, that's all family pharma.com/owens. Remember it's your health and you deserve all the best all family pharma.com/owens.


Okay now I know I've been promising you all week that we were gonna cut to Kamala's family but the Donald Harris thing just keeps becoming so interesting and every time I get one of these emails and just trying to now establish a contact, I keep prioritizing that. But I obviously am seeing all of your emails regarding her mother and I did wanna just show you this one comment because I think it's really interesting. We actually have received so many comments that are developing the same theme that the marriage between Ka Kamala's parents is just strange. And this is one comment that came in yesterday on YouTube that pretty much sums up all of the comments and emails that we have been getting pertaining to this. This woman writes Indian here from India with some Indian context.


BBTW love your work. Candace Kamala's mother belonged to a very high class bureaucratic family. So marrying someone outside your reli, your religion cost race in that era was extremely unlikely, especially for someone like Kamala's mother. Not to mention marrying a black person would be absolutely impossible because racism has been prevalent in India as well. So I completely believe Kamala's dad not being black, rather being Irish Indian, Hindu since he looks like a lot of old Indian men that I see in real life here, especially the South Indians. The communist party also seems so interesting because in the 20th century especially post independence, communism was extremely popular in India owing to the closeness to Soviet Union.


And even today some of the most influential and powerful political parties in India, especially South India, the region that Kamala's mom belongs to are hardcore communist parties with hardcore communist ideologies. Even today the head of the state of Kamala's mom is from, has literally changed his family name to Stalin, LOL, total personal opinion. But I absolutely believe Kamala's dad not being black at all, but Irish Hindu with maybe some Indian ancestry 'cause that's way more believable. Especially when you know the family background and social class and status of Kamala's mom and the Indian society and mentality during the 20th century. PS is a non-American.


I find it insane that this isn't mainstream news in your country. I follow global news, especially American news very closely and to find no one talking about this is almost a culture shock because had it been any other country, this would've been a huge media piece running across all news channels 24 7. Well, I'll tell you one thing, it would have been everywhere in America had it been Donald Trump. But as we know, the media is a part of the establishment. The deep state wants Kamala Harris to win. They're doing everything to assist that win. And the question is why. And I think it's really important therefore to establish what her genealogy is. And that's why I am following every angle of this.


But it is interesting to see so many people of Indian descent say that exact same thing that they would not have just allowed her to marry a black man. And So I, I think that Judge Joe Brown yesterday when he remarks that Donald Harris is of Hindu and Irish descent majority white, well that seems to be the thing that makes the most sense here and again still does not explain why it is that they're purporting that she's black and still does not explain why we do not have more people speaking about it. Because if nothing else you should be outraged, positively outraged at the fact that she's pretending to be black. Like that is like that is one of the wildest things that I've ever seen.


It is, it is so inappropriate. But it also, by the way, beyond it being inappropriate, it demonstrates that she's a sociopath. It's, it's really interesting because people got really upset when JD Harris had said that women who don't have any children should not be in positions of power to make decisions in the country and the media intentionally, You know, took that out of context. And next thing you know, we have Tara Taylor Swift holding her cat and like I'm with Kamala 'cause I'm like a cat lady. But what he's actually trying to say is that when you have a family, he's not mocking people that are struggling with fertility or saying like, oh, If you can't literally cannot have a child but you desperately want one, he's not throwing you in the same bucket.


He's referring more to people who, women who choose not to have children who instead focus their entire life on their careers. It does tell you something about that person. It it just does. That is just the reality of things. People who are just like, I never want kids and all I care about is my career. What does that signal to you about a woman? Like she's overridden her own biology and will do anything for power, right? She'll do anything for power and you do not want to elect sociopaths into power. It seems to be the only thing that we do, right? Because they feel nothing when they're inflicting pain upon you. They feel nothing when they're lying to you. This is why even the genealogy pertaining to Jit Macron is so important because over and over again we are seeing that people who don't care at all about your family, don't care at all about your family life, have these tendencies to want to be put into places of power to determine family policy.


And so this is why among many other reasons, getting to the bottom of Kamala's true genealogy is a priority. And we're getting close. We are getting incredibly close. If I am able to later tonight establish this connection with her family member, I just can't imagine that this doesn't just blow everything up like instantly just explode this entire narrative. Because as I said, my instinct is that they too are kind of not down with the things that Kamala is saying and the things that Kamala is doing and they have some question marks about what it is that she's doing and they got a lot of family members, tons of them that aren't even being mentioned. Maybe they're not being mentioned because they know that these people don't agree with them and don't agree with their political manipulation at this stage.


Anyways guys, we're gonna read more of your comments


Before we do, I wanna remind you about American Financing because we have mortgage rates in the fours now it's the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses by calling my friends at American Financing. We have a lot of hardworking Americans that have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices for groceries, power, childcare with high credit card rates, the debt can get expensive but with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe out debt. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over an average of $800 a month. They are closing someone as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront costs to find out how much you can save. So call American Financing today at (800) 795-1210. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Alright you guys, like I said, head to locals.com. We're gonna be posting these documents, we're gonna be posting the family charts that I've put together so far and please take everything with a grain of salt. Don't assume that we are beyond the ones that actually have documentation but don't, let's not jump to conclusions until we're able to speak to a Harris relative. Then we are going to jump to all of the conclusions. But this is just to help you as a guide because there's so many names floating around that it's just hard to keep them straight. And that's what's taking us so much longer to pull the show together every day because we don't want to make a mistake. So head to locals.com while you're there. Support the show. We'd love you to support our independence. Now is a time where we go onto Rumble. So you guys hit the link in the description If you wanna join us on Rumble as I answer more of your questions you guys, we'll see you on Rumble.


All right, rumble fam, what do you guys have going on? Let's get ready to rumble. Alright, scrolling down here. We have a comment from Freedom Girls. She said thank you. Can we get something on pet vaccines too? I don't know what we're talking about there about pet vaccines, which I speak about vaccines today. Sorry if I've not put my mind in the right space, but I don't remember speaking about vaccines today unless you're talking about the pharmacy ad that I did and I actually do not agree with vaccinations just to let you know for your pet or otherwise. I'm anti-vax all the way. I think it's crazy that we vaccinate animals goes viral, net rights. Keep up the good work. Sarah writes, hello everyone. I cannot wait for another episode of the Kamala Chronicles.


I like that name. I'm gonna name tomorrow's episode the Kamala Chronicles and hopefully we'll have established connection with this family member by then. This person also says it is 2232 UK time. I can never properly sleep after these lives. I know it's like a, just like a me. You imagine me in bed when I get these emails, I'm just like sitting up straight and I'm going, oh my gosh. Oh my gosh, oh my gosh. And we haven't even had the time to see all the emails. There could be more people reaching out. But I do sense that as I said, that there was some sort of a family rift and that again could answer the question as to why Donald chooses to exclude a lot of his family members because they're not all gonna back him up for CNN. C. NN is like finding the lone family members that are like, we're really proud of her. But I don't think everybody's really proud of her.


I don't think everybody necessarily subscribes to what she's doing and what her aims are. And I think that even within her own family they are sensing that she's being fraudulent about things. Froggy croak wrote, if she was a Republican, this news would be everywhere. Yep. Could you imagine if we found out that Donald Trump just like lied about his genealogy and Donald Trump just like pretended to be black? It was like, yeah, I got a little bit of black in my family, got a little bit of black, just a little bit, just tiny bit. They'd be jumping all over this. But when it's Democrat they just hand 'em a pass. I'm trying to get to the bottom of whether Kamala is more black or if Elizabeth Warren is more Native American. I think she ended up being after it all was said and done one and 1030 fourth Native American.


And I'm thinking Kamala is even less black. And there is also something really disturbing about the fact that what we do know, an established fact is that her family owns slaves and there's something really gross about her then. Like taking the identity of the descendants of slaves so that she can get the descendants of slaves in America to vote for her. Like I am, like ooh, not liking the way at that's feeling when I, when I run through that really strange bronze Erata writes, would there be an Indian wedding for the mom registry that you can check if that was such a special name? I can't find anything about their wedding. And that's another thing if she comes from this and she does this well to do Indian family there definitively would be a big wedding. Indians throw the biggest weddings.


I've always wanted to go to an Indian wedding 'cause I'm just like, what's going on? If you come from a wealthy do family, which she does, we know that she comes from a political family and So it is strange that they just like kind of got married in California allegedly. And we still have not been able to get the official marriage certificate a copy of that yet. I'm interested in seeing it. I think that there are ways to get it, but we do see that there was a log of their wedding, I think it was in like 1963 or something like that. Don't quote me on it. Controller writes, I hope you touch on Kamala and her sister looking nothing alike. Yeah, yeah. You know my instinct is like commo, like it's possible. Like someone said today on my team, sometimes siblings with nothing alike, like I don't actually don't look too much like my si like my siblings, but you then have that.


They look like each of their parents. Like there's just some sort of something that works. And I just don't think she looks one scent like her parents. Like I just like, it's just totally weird. It just doesn't make any sense. And by the way, Kamala, you're running just answer the questions like what? You know her whole team is watching every episode, they're live right now listening to the questions waiting for me to slip up so they can have their whole press be like, Candace tells the deranged just conspiracy or whatever. I know they're watching, that's why I'm being extra careful. The the easiest thing for them to do is just to come out and debunk it. Just drop a bunch of photos of you with barrel barrel smiling. Maybe not looking like the help. Like actually like smiling and hugging you. Like my grandma was always all over me. I'm like, grandma stop.


Grandma stop. Grandma stop. Why doesn't, why don't I feel like Kamala ever said to grandma Barrell stop. I just don't feel like that happened. I know I'm looking at one picture, but a picture is worth a thousand words. Actually, I would say worth a lot more than a thousand words. We're like 11 episode episodes deep on this investigation. A picture is worth 11 episodes is what I would say now. And I just didn't feel it. I just didn't feel that that was a family member that I was looking at. So we will see what is going on. But I totally agree with you that her and her sister just do not look alike. They could be related, I don't know how, but they just do not look alike. But I think it's very obvious that they grew up together at that part. I am not denying, I'm not denying that Kamala grew up with Shamala Golin. I know someone emailed me and said, my pronunciation on that is wrong.


I'll clean it up. I will clean it up. But yeah, it's getting interesting to our rights. Curious, have you heard anything about the people committing suicide in the hurricane struck areas that Kamala and Biden have completely neglected? She's evil and it starts from her hidden roots. No, but I did receive a few emails from people that are in the military saying that they were supposed to go down and help in the hurricane and now they're being sent overseas to the Middle East. That's your tax dollars at work. Americans that are suffering nothing, sorry, deal with the hurricane. The flood. We gotta go defend the borders and the people of foreign nations because Lebanon and Israel have some drama going on. I was really sickened to read those emails, but no surprise, our, our, our politicians have completely sold us out.


They lied to us about everything. It's all about controlling us, modifying our behavior by creating these peer pressure campaigns in the media. Like the purpose of these articles that are written in the media are not to challenge you to think, but to tell you what to think. And all of it is incredibly sickening. But don't let me go off on another rant. Rob Rose. Lauren writes, I'd watch this series if it went another 11 or more. Oh, I can't stop talking about it. It's my obsession. I'm just like, I know we should be talking about the VP presidential debates. I just don't care right now. I I can't come to the phone. Right. I got, I got to get to the bottom. I know. We're just inching so close and this, this relative could be the big break. So standby guys. Hopefully we will be able to have that conversation tonight and I'll be able to give you a major update tomorrow.


We'll see you then.