
Why am I back here when the last time I came on your show, I got canceled so many times. What Did happen? Actually, that's a great place to start. You came on the show, was that a, A year ago? So I still it down. The last interview I did, it was the number one question. Why did you go on? Can that show Why did you, I lost a few festivals. I'm sure that I don't get booked for a lot of stuff because I came on your show. So yeah, what is this effect? It's super interesting. Yeah, There is. And you weren't even controversial then compared to how you are now. So I think I've always been controversial simply because I think for myself, that in and of itself is the most controversial thing I've realized that you can possibly do.


And when you think for yourself and you're not controlled by a corporate entity, that just terrifies them because there are pre-approved ideas. And So I became enemy number one when I defied like the BLM stuff. And now it's kind of along the same lines. I'm just not towing the Zionist talking points or whatever. And so I'm enemy again. So the last time we talked and that was the subject we talked on, but now things have changed and you have this war in Israel. It's not war, but we, we call it a genocide, but BLM are pro-Palestinian.


And so are you, so it's kind of come round. So do you now like, No, I don't support have BLM at all. Okay. I don't support BLM because it pigeonholes black people into groupthink. And the entire BLM incorporated accomplished absolutely nothing for black people other than the destruction of black neighborhoods, which I foresaw obviously when with the amount of money that they were raising, it was so obvious that none of it was gonna go towards black people. But they were encouraging criminality and making black people feel justified in committing crimes as if it wasn't going to ultimately harm their lives. You get a record, you have a record, you know, you don't just get to burn down Wendy's and go, well, this was in the name of George Floyd and think that that's not gonna impact the rest of your life.


And So I just saw, I think for me, media simulation psychology is what I'm super fascinated by. And group think, group psychology is arguably the most fascinating, like the madness of crowds and what people will believe and what people will say because a bunch of people are saying it. Yes, COVID. That that was the last time we, we we talked was post covid. But that's, that's really interesting. So when, when the war broke out, I thought, oh, this is part of the old world because we are talking about this very small demographic and a small war. Yeah. In this scale of like what Covid has done, it seems like a smaller thing.


So when you talk about Palestinians and we say, okay, like I don't know what the number is now, I would say maybe like 150,000 people. You know, I, I know thousands of people are under the rubble and you can't really account for how many what the death toll is right now, but we are speaking about this in the same time where you've had like 20 something million people die, which is also a genocide, you know? And so it's like a mini genocide within a big genocide. It's, it's interesting. And, and, and I feel like talking about who that is, perpetrate that is the issue.


You can't, you can't talk about Bill Gates or what the thought is, you know, and who, 'cause this is, this is, it's very western, it's not Middle Eastern. It's a western thing. What do you mean by that when you say it's a Western thing? Well, I just, I just thought that the concept of the un like the last time we talked about it, we were talking about the concept of how co covid said we all won and we're in this together, that concept, it was sort of like this western ideology of how we're gonna go forward in humanity.


That we are all one and we're gonna have like one world government and we're gonna be able to like regulate everyone to work in this thing. And that, that the west is almost like the beacon or the leadership of this thought, you know? And that other things will fall fold into it. And I think maybe the last time we met the Ukraine war might have just started. So that set seemed like that was the only war that was happening. But that was really a fight for this western kind of leadership to come forward or come through for who that's gonna be. You know? And it's not, and Putin had to fold into this and that was the, that was where we were at, you know.


But now in like a, a bigger sense, you see like in America, there's crazy stuff happening and there's also like an awakening that's happening in America about where people stand and where like the Christians stand, Jews for Jesus, the Jewish people, the Zionists. Like there's so many categories now happening within America, you know, and then now you have election time, you have just two party like blanket segregation of the left and right within all of these other ca categories. Like it's very confusing. So yeah, I've just been canceled again this week.


So because, because you know, not fully grasping this concept of what is going on because I obviously, I just recently got back into the US So I had to kind of land running to understand what's going on. So you've got Jill Stein, who's the Jewish, the only Jewish who's pro-Palestine, then you have RFK and Trump joined forces, which I thought, oh, that's too against one, which means that he's gonna win because that's like more people voting for Trump because there's just like he's RFK has just pulled in this demographic of people like me who I thought, you know, I, I understand him more than Kamala Harris and Trump, you know?


And I was like, oh, he seems like somebody who cares about health and I'm making all the CMF clothing and he seems like a really chill person. And then, so yeah, I said that and I got, I got canceled for tweeting it. But this is why I wanted to come on and get a bit more insight into where are you putting all this, you know, You know, I have largely abstained from politics this political cycle because I don't think that there is clear messaging and what you're talking about, I think is what the American people are feeling, which is there's a lot of confusion and you have this sort of rare insight into Hollywood.


Obviously I absolutely hate Hollywood. I think it's all demonic. I think it's a pagan culture of creating stars in the galaxy and teaching people to worship these stars. And I've done a lot of study into the background of Hollywood and have really learned that it was, it was quite literally designed that way. It was designed as a demonic force to be able to control people and control their behavior. And what's fascinating to me though is that on the outside, what they're trying to sell to people is that they are the most accepting, loving love is love. We absolutely must unite in Hollywood and issue statements against Donald Trump. Like, this is why you're being canceled again. 'cause God forbid you say Donald Trump might win because they've kind of turned him, I guess, into like a symbol of hatred.


Like, we are good people because we hate this man. But then to have that happening at the exact same time where virtually all of Hollywood is silent on the Palestine Israel issue, that fascinates me. Mm. That absolutely fascinates me. 'cause that, that to me signifies a fear because they were rabid when Trump ran the first time. And I'm talking everyone, I mean, even Taylor Swift did this documentary where she like fake cried to her parents and said like, I need to use my platform to speak out because like, if he gets elected women, this, women that whatever she was saying, then you have this objective reality on your phone on X, right?


This Elon Musk freeze the bird. And I'm seeing every day these Palestinian children being blown up. Okay? And I'm hearing the sound of a mother wailing as she's holding her child that died because a bomb was dropped in the middle of the night. I'm reading articles from Doctors Without Borders who have been in many wars and offered their services. And one of them wrote this piece and said, this is not a war, this is an annihilation. And he described the kids not having morphine, getting, using a Civil War tool to, to saw off their limbs. And I look at Hollywood and they say nothing because they're fearful that speaking out on this issue might get them canceled.


What is the world to make of that sort of a cowardice, that sort of a hypocrisy all in speaking about Trump? Because God forbid you don't, you can't get your abortion, right? Nothing on the Israel-Palestine issue. I think that's to do with, it's, it's power, right? And in order for you to gain self power, you have to go through some sort of a sacrifice. And you, what you just went through is, is sacrificing the Candace Owens. That was to, then you had to go through the door to become the thing you are now.


And If you say Christ is king and you, and you take the shot and you get canceled and you get pulled from everything and you are rejected by society, but then God can strengthen you and help you build your own thing. And a lot of people are scared to go through that. So Kanye had to go through it, but unless he sacrificed himself and the version he was already, and I feel like I had to go through that years ago, you know, and unless you're prepared to go through that and go through the fall, you don't come out knowing the truth, right. And a lot of people are hanging onto their versions of what they're told they are.


And it's the same as me saying, Hey, Trump might win. And a lot of people wrote to me and messaged me instantly saying, you are killing the version you are. You know, and I, I'd already moved on, but everyone, to everyone, to majority of the human beings, I'm this refugee immigrant, you know, pro, I should be pro Kamala Harris because she's Tamil and you know, she's all for women. And this is like fed to me. And it was just like, you gotta do this. This is the person, this is your person. You know, like how dare you go up against this person?


But I think that's like, I, I feel like that's the, the reason like people find a a, a coat, you know, and they just wanna hang onto it. And, but, but like we said, this is like a moment of transformation and a lot of people are going through the transformation. A lot of people are going through the awakening of like how to deal with it because there's loads of, there's like a few things that confuse me. One is, you know, becoming Christian in this time, you know, and if I'm listening to like a Christian service and the emphasis is always on Israel, you know, and how it is the chosen place and all of the characters in the Bible are from that.


And I, I understand like why that's such an important topic to the American Christians. And even my mom who's been a Christian, you know, she's, she's been on her pilgrimage to Israel and things like that. And I just find it really a really important place to get to where we discuss who the Palestinians are, You know? And I think, like I was listening to Kim Iversson where she was saying, oh, you know, Palestinians are also original people of Judah. And it's true, like If you do DNA tests, you'd find that there's been this mixing.


And both of these places, of course, they've been in the same demographic for thousands of years. There's gonna be mixing and that the blood is gonna be the same almost. You know? And they, they're able to annihilate Palestinians because they say that's the Philistines, you're supposed to kill them. You know? And, and I think that's like, it just brings it back to really understanding the scripture, but who wrote it when it was written? What is the version you're reading and all of these things, which I think you're trying to talk about, but you know, we just have to talk about it in this time where there's all this other confusion built around it and people canceling every step of the way when actually these conversations are really important.


You know, for me as a, as a Christian now I need to figure that out, you know? And what you were saying is that the fact that Israel might be like a concept, You know, it's like a belief. It's anybody who believes in Christ that's Israel and that it might not necessarily be a geo geographical spot, you know, where you're like, I'm gonna locate it to this position on the GPS and then anhilate everyone in it. And whoever lives in this GPS location now is Israel. And so it's really like, I think a very interesting conversation.


I know we started on Hollywood, but No, but you know, the, they're sort of like, I don't know, they, they're sort of in a system that is, is is reluctant to do the transformation, but the transformation's happening regardless. And especially I think in the next four years even Trump has to confront that even RFK has to confront that, You know, the leaders and, and If you say Kamala Harris who is been in power, You know, she's, you see the way she has to deal with it and the way she's dealing with it, you know, so it's not even like what is Kamala gonna do?


It's what is Kamala doing right now? 'cause she's in power. And so that's why I think it's a really in important and interesting conversation because even the leaders of America are gonna go through this,


Alright? Right guys, reminding you about Hallow. It's a wonderful app. It's the best way to help keep God at the center of this season. You can join Hall's Advent Pray 25 Prayer Challenge. Hallow is the number one Christian prayer and meditation app in the world offering thousands of guided prayers to help you get closer to God and for their prayer challenge. It is called For God so loved the world and it's going to help you experience the transformational power of God's love This advent season in the Prayer Challenge, survivalist Bear Grills and Jonathan Rumi from the Chosen guide you through the book, A severe mercy, a remarkable story of a couples encounter with God. You'll also hear from Pastor Francis Chan and Jeff Cavins as they take you through reflections on scripture. And actor Kevin James will also be a part of the challenge to discuss this spiritual classic divine intimacy. You'll even hear Advent music from award-winning artists, Gwen Stefani, Lauren Daigle, Matt Maher, and Moore. This season will be such a beautiful opportunity to be seriously transformed by God. So do not wait. You can get three months free right now when you sign up at Hallow dot com slash Candace. Spend time in the most important things is Christmas, your relationship with God. That's Hallow dot com slash Candace for three months free of Hallow.


I got really interested in the history of Hollywood and there was this kind of a wacky guy, but also admittedly brilliant named Kenneth Anger as director producer has been in Hollywood for a very long time. And he wrote two books called Hollywood Babylon. It's a fascinating read, fascinating way where he speaks about First and foremost, how the bootleggers, the criminals set up Hollywood. They were really the carnies, right? And people started coming to the show and if they could create something, they realized they could draw crowds and people would sort of worship these people and and them talking trash. People like middle of nowhere Midwest. They kind of created this carnival experience for them.


And the next thing you knew was people were stars. And how that's Not the movie Babylon. I haven't seen it. You should watch It. Is that like the original one? It's the one, it's the one where rap pit and it's recent and it's really interesting 'cause they had the tunnels and they talk about this kind of crazy, right? Deery and people being in tunnels and stuff underneath Hollywood in the, in the 1920s. That's where it starts. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The golden age. And when you, when he starts sharing how they really built it up, I am so committed to the idea that Hollywood is like fully demonic. I mean in terms of them even making sure, like there were certain directors that made sure every single actor, an actress that was brought in and that film studio was either a lesbian or a homosexual because they wanted that agenda.


And how many of them, too many of them were pedophiles as well. And they wanted to encourage pedophiles and give to, to become stars because then they could control them. Like there was always a system of blackmail, suspicious deaths. Somebody spoke out or tried to get out of Hollywood. And it was actually reading this book that made me realize that so, so many of these things that were told to me by Kanye, like when he was going through all of that stuff, I was not awake yet to what he was speaking about because it seemed, it's so evil. It does sound crazy, right? When he kept saying to me, this person is an op, this person is an op. I'm like, why do you keep, then he, when I didn't believe him or didn't understand him, he'd be like, you're an op.


And I'm like, what are you, what do you, why do you keep calling everybody an op? And then you learn that these people and these handlers have always existed and this system of blackmail always existed and that they would sit down and commit themselves to ideas. Like, I even feel weird now wearing pants, knowing that a Hollywood director quite literally convinced women to all start wearing pants with this woman who was sleeping with men and women putting her on the red carpet and having her sell that. And so it's interesting because Amber Rose was sitting in this chair and I was speaking to her about this and she was saying very much what you're speaking about, that she had all the best intentions when she arrived into Hollywood. And then they kept telling her, you have to be this thing.


Like you have to keep selling the idea of being a slut to women. Like this is what freedom is. And she's didn't wanna do that anymore. Like she didn't feel empowered by taking her clothes off, but they were telling her the handlers like, If you don't do that, you're not gonna book, you're not gonna get money, you're not gonna book the covers of all of these magazines. And you can think about all of these stars that are kind of in that trap, like whether it's Cardi b Lizzo, they're kind of telling her, her brand has gotta be like fat and you have to be empowered about obesity and Cardi, it's like gangster rap and also wop and all of these things. And you see that they're creating this demonic, pagan culture trying to get people to worship things that don't actually fulfill them and make them happy.


Wow. It's more, I think it's more, it's, I say it different a bit because of the Hindu, like everyone's great vibes, you know, like If you take Kamala Harris, she's named Kamala, which is the 10th Vidia, which is the, the 10 Goddesses and Anglia. I'm, I'm named after the ninth one. So Shiva's wife sucked these, slow this down for me 'cause I actually don't know much about the Hindu faith. Okay, so Shiva, which is the main God in Hinduism, he has a wife called ti. Okay? And before she was incarnated at ti, which means strength, she was called power.


Yeah. So Shiva had a wife called poverty where the word power comes from and she kills herself. And then she's born again as strength and he marries her. But the way it works is that Shiva cannot destroy, he's, he's a destroyer of ignorance and he cannot destroy without power, you know? So each couple that Brammer is and Vishnu the these, they all have counterparts that give them the strength to be who they are. And so Shiva's wife sucked these splits into 10 goddesses when she's going out to do her work as this power strength person.


Okay? And so when she splits into 10 goddesses, she covers 10 directions of the universe and each goddess like covers a certain, you know, place in the compass kind of thing. And the ninth one is Matangi, which is the goddess of music, the arts and knowledge. And the 10th one is Kamala. Yeah. And she's a goddess of bliss, which is why she laughs all the time, right?


It's like, but quite the laugh. Yeah. It's quite like, yeah, literally what it is. So she's also like the goddess of lotus's and bliss. Okay. So like If you wrote for this goddess to run America, your Promised Bliss and the bliss in Hinduism right now, I don't know if it was the original version, but right now is that is coexistence and everything goes and everyone's accepted and everybody's welcome and the door is open for everyone, which is Kamala's whole thing, right? No one's left behind.


And the inclusiveness is what Hollywood is selling. But I know that when I was a Hindu, you did have concepts of god's and demons. Like you don't just have, everyone's a God in Hinduism. Not everyone's perfect and not everyone is welcome. Demons were not allowed in heaven. You know, you had demons at the gates of heaven fighting off other demons who wanted to be gods. It's kind of similar to Christianity in that way. So it's not, so this new age concept of everybody's great and everyone's welcome and there's nothing wrong with you If you feel a certain way.


It's weird because actually in Hinduism that is not the thing. And If you take a lot of like Israelis, their whole thing is Hinduism. A lot of them, a lot of them gravitate towards, you know, If you take the non, If you take the Jewish religion that is progressive, they gravitate towards Hinduism, right? And that, and, and that kind of ties in because Babylonia and the Babylonians and the Sumerians would've had Hinduism in interjected into it in the Like the Babylonian Talmud, Well, whatever, like the worshiping of the cows and things like that is kind of Hinduism.


This is what I was trying to talk to PBD about. Because If you take the first town in Mesopotamia on the Euphrates River, it's called Ur and U are means town in Tamil, which is the language I speak. So, and If you take like Abraham's dad who used to like chisel idols, that was his job. Like Hinduism has that a lot of idol worship, you know, we create idols and we dress it up and we worship it and we also worship cows, we worship snakes. Like Hinduism does do all of that. So it has a lot in common with the Babylonian belief system.


And Hollywood loves it, you know, stars love it and Israelis love it, You know, so there is, there is this whole bit that comes from, because If you take that other documentary that was banned, the one that Kyrie tweeted that, but they actually Ban it in the end. No, I think it's still on Amazon. I know. Think there were calls to ban it. Yeah, I know you're not allowed to talk about it, but You're not allowed to tweet about it, that's for sure. You're not allowed to tweet tweet about it. But it was fascinating because the first half an hour talks about how the Tamil language makes up 30% of, You know, whether it's Hebrew, arama and all of these languages. Yeah. From Hebrews just people can know what we're speaking about. Kyrie Irving, the basketball player, tweeted out a link to a documentary called From Hebrews to Negroes.


Yeah. And it was on Bill on Amazon. He tweeted it absent any commentary and cancel culture came for him. Like I've never seen. And they were wanting him to take six steps to get his life back for sharing a documentary link that he didn't even, he didn't do the documentary, he was just sharing it. But this documentary and you're just saying what it's Going about. Well, I'm a Tamil, so I'm the only Tamil in this Hollywood music, whatever scene. So like, you know, it, it's like, yeah, I get that. Like some of those words are older than Sanskrit, you know?


And did You watch the full documentary? I, I did, yeah. Can You communicate to people? I like God, I gotta be canceled. Well, Yeah, you don't wanna watch It. Well, I can't, I can't fully remember it. 'cause I, I watched it when he tweeted it, but I just remember the first half an hour they talk about linguistics and I'm into words and I'm into linguistics and blah, blah, blah. So I, I was watching it and thinking, yeah, all of those words are right, they are Tamil and that I didn't, I don't know Hebrew, but it was interesting to see Tamil words that are the same as Hebrew words or you know, Sanskrit and Aramaic and You know, whatever the comparison, there was another one that they compared it to.


But these is true. And then in my own, with my own research, I later found out that If you take a sesame seed, so Tamils love sesame oil, right? They cook their base cooking oil is sesame oil. I know on Instagram it's such a fad to cancel seed oils and things like that. But for, for thousands of years we've, our cooking base has been sesame oil. Whereas the North Indians and the Indians use ghee and that's what they're famous for. But we don't use ghee. It doesn't come from, you know, in Sri Lanka we don't use it.


We don't have it. And in South India they don't use gh. And South India is also a place, If you go on Google maps and zoom into all of the towns in South India in Tam, you'll see it all ends with, or because it means town, you know, so it's like London town, whatever town, and they all end with UR and to this day, And so the sesame oil thing, it's, it's like a, If you, If you look at the one that's cultivated in Africa and in the Middle East it's called Indo Sesame, right? So all of their sesame comes from India.


It's the Indian sesame that then was farmed in Africa and in the Middle East. So in, in Africa, they don't have sesame that is farmable. So the African sesame is not the one that you can cultivate and extract things from. So the one that traveled all the way to the Middle East is, is the Indian version, right? And that's the one they still have now. But the in, in the Middle East, when they had the concept to open sesame, it comes from this magical powers of the sesame seed because it was so good for so many things. So this was transported right from India through Africa, the Middle East or India, middle East to Africa.


But there was travel going on for thousands of years. Okay? And so it's just, even just from that you can tell yes. Language. So whoever's doing that is also spreading language and spreading words, You know? And so the Indo Sesame, I think it still got the potential to, you know, it's got magical properties to bring about knowledge, you know, if people are prepared to look for it. But we've been really, this is what's really fascinating, is like even If you go and watch Joe Rogan and the type of people he interviews, everyone gives like this very like weird disjointed understanding of like the past history.


But no one will approach the Tamils because we, we, we are like the Palestinians, we were bombed and killed and you know, and if, even If you look at the, the latest news about how the hostages were brutally murdered and they had their breast cut off, that is a story that comes from Sri Lanka, that it was the Tamil Tamil tiger fighter women who were gang raped and they had sad, the same story happened to a journalist, a Tamil journalist. Yeah. And she was gang raped because she was the only one that was reporting about the genocide and they cut her breast off. It's a story that comes from the Sri Lankan genocide.


And so they, they borrow these to stories, I think because the crime is so similar, you know? But anyway, these Tamil people were erased, right? And their identities are blocked from being spoken about because for the last six years, Twitter, Instagram, all of Google, they erased the Tamils. We were not allowed to talk about our experience to remember what happened 10 years ago. This is like you're talking 13 years ago, we weren't allowed to remember it. All of the youth groups that are forming to, you know, to spread knowledge about what happened to all these people, we were all erased, all canceled, all of these accounts were blocked on Twitter.


Yeah, on Instagram, on Google. This happened six years ago. They did this massive clamp down 2016, I would say around 2016, 17. Meanwhile, you are still like the representation of immigrants. Yet these ones, these particular ones were not allowed to share their story. And they were the actual real refugees because this war had come to an end in 2009 where we all said, yep, they're terrorists. It's okay to destroy them all. But I think they hold a lot of knowledge to then what's happening. Everyone's fascinated by these sort of Babylonian ways, you know, and to, and to say all entities are accepted, but it's not.


And, and even, even the Tamils to this point are becoming confused about what they, what their true religion in the beginning was. It was not that you accept demons, you fought demons, you didn't accept them. But we are going through realistic genocide. We are getting, you know, our library was bombed. All our knowledge is destroyed. We are not allowed to communicate. We are not allowed to talk to each other about these experiences. We're a fragmented society, even when we've come outside and then we are told, no, everything is accepted.


You are allowed to be this, you are all of those Tamil, NGO kids that post my documentary coming out who were helping to help the widows and the war victims and refugees in the camps, all of those NGOs, which also, you know, I try to reach up post documentary and to empower them in some way or became L-G-B-T-Q campaigners. And I'm like really confused by that. Like, how did six years after the war, seven years after the war, the people, the kids are not even out of the camps yet.


You want to go and hand out L-G-B-T-Q pamphlets to these kids. They don't even have food. And so how was that happening? And then, you know, then there's this revival of Hinduism in the Tamil section of Sri Lanka in the north where they're like, no, this is about regaining identity, but it's like slightly morphed, you know, where they're like, no, everything is accepted yet. I think that is so dangerous. It's, Well, it's A veneer, you know? Yeah. They want people to think that there's progress when there's actually not progress.


Yeah. And what you just said is actually so important because obviously so much has changed for me since we last sat down. One of the things that I truly believe is that all of these wars that we're told about we're meant to be distracted by Hollywood, distracted by this false idea, progressivism distracted by our technology and not realizing that we have demons that are intentionally wiping history. So we don't know where we come from. Yes, at the point of war is to crush History. That's every Religion a rock, what they're, what they, what they've done. I mean, these are the oldest civilizations in the world and they're being bombed into oblivion. And there's a reason for that because these people wanna rewrite history. There's now neo historians that are lying about what happened last week. Forget about what happened thousands of years ago.


They're lying about what happened last week. And so they're programming people in the west to perceive these people as less than human, as subhuman as all terrorists. They don't know why it is that we're actually bombing them, but we continue to bomb them. Like we've just been bombing the Middle East for decades. And no one really understands why, why are we bombing Syria? Nobody knows what the US is doing in Syria, what our interest is in there, there. And I think it's, it's about wiping the memory. It's about a true reset where there's gonna be all of these old languages. Nobody's gonna have a record of human history and they're gonna tell you what it is. And that once I recognized that, I realized how crucial ancestry is.


I wanna take a minute to talk to you about our store over at Sticker Mule. It's packed with awesome Candace Owens merch, including stickers, t-shirts, key chains, buttons, and much more. You can even buy a Candace temporary tattoo with Christmas right around the corner. It's the perfect place to get your friends or family members who are also fans of the show, the perfect stocking stuffer, because like you, they have impeccable taste. So go to sticker mule.com/ Candace and check it out. Now a big portion of sales goes directly to the Candace show, supporting our mission to empower communities and to promote free thought. Whether you want to show your support or just grab some cool gear, we have got you covered from Crisis King t-shirts to conspiracy theorist stickers, head over to sticker Mule for all things Candace. Once again, go to sticker mule.com/ Candace, you can check it out right now.


Well, this is what's interesting about the, the AI technological elite that want to dictate and tell, you know, humanity how to live and how to like ration the resources and depopulate the world so that we can all just be like regulated into these boxes. They're not smart enough to do it and they're not smart enough to code the AI to do it. You know? And you can use science and you can use maths and you can say, no, everyone's gonna get this much thing and this is how everyone has to live. But within that, there's God, You know, and you can have God come through the presence of AI to some extent.


I don't know how it's gonna happen, but maybe, you know, God, God is God, he's gonna work out ai. But like, you know, like there is, you know, I'm not worried about it. But at the same time there are, there is arrogance, you know, they're not creating, going, I'm gonna create something that God's gonna come through and do something they're doing it to, to be like, no, I am God. You know? And, and I think that's what's really interesting because no matter what religion you are, whether you are Muslim, you know, Christian or Hindu, they all have the same battle.


Like where it's not, You know, not every single Muslim is a good Muslim. You know, there's some people using it to bring in like Satan's thing, You know, like you can get Satan going to the mosque and doing what he needs to do and learn the code and like infiltrate and like lead people the wrong way, same way the Satan does it in church. And same way say Satan would do it in temples you have people. So, So it has to be like a balance where you, you know, technology, ai, all of these things are creating space for humans to self improve.


Yeah. That they then are a receiving messages. Like, you know, you have to go through transformation. You have to be prepared to kill a version of yourself and let it go to go with what God's telling you. And you have to be having this communication directly with God. And in order to do that, you are creating the space. And that's what AI should do, should give humans a space. And that's what we should use it for, to be like, okay, this is ma my business is being managed with this AI tool because it gives me two hours extra to go and sit in meditation or eat right, or like spend time with my family and te you know, like that's what we should be using that tool for.


But it's not necessarily ne necessarily to like control humans and to bring about this thing. It's funny on the way here, I watched a movie on the plane called Concrete Utopia, and it's a Korean movie and it's really interesting 'cause they, they deal with this and it's about the whole world gets destroyed, but there's only one apartment block that's left and everyone in this apartment block are like, we are the chosen and then all these other humans that survive the destruction or wanna move in there. And it's about how they're trying to regulate it and all the things that they have to do and ration the food.


And You know, they're like, do we evict these immigrants coming in? You know, it's like everything's based around this apartment block. And I, and I think it's really, really fascinating because you can apply that to what's happening and like, you know, it's sort of, you can apply it on a technological level to the AI situation, but it's also like what we are trying to do, You know? And yeah, So I think there is, there is a way to become discerning as a human being that you can discern truth.


And, and I think that will tell you, because a lot of, you know, I don't want to be Hindu bashing. I don't want people to think that's what I'm doing. But I do see the confusion in new age religions. People just, You know, like embracing, like in Hollywood embraces yoga and they're like doing all these sort of like meditations and rituals and praying to certain entities or diaries. And, and the same with ancestors, when you're talking about ancestors, like my ancestors are Tamil. And so when I'm like, I have strength from my ancestors, I gotta make sure that then my ancestors are not some random demon pretending to be an ancestor.


You know, you have to have that discernment because now that I've been more time in Christianity, there's like four realms. This is what I've learned. And the top realm is eternity, which is the realm that God lives in. And then the second realm is everlasting, which is the, an angelic realm. Okay? Because angels are born but they don't die. So it's everlasting. And then you're supposed to only have three realms. And the, and the third realm is supposed to be the man, you know, the human realm, which has got time. And we are the only ones who have a concept of time.


And but in between the human realm and the angelic everlasting realm, there's the celestial realm and that's where all the spirits are. And if you're talking about any religion, whether you're talking about Hinduism, Christianity, Islam, all of the sp spirits, they talk about whether Islam talks about gins, Hinduism talks about diaries, and Christianity talks about demons and angels, whichever version you're looking at. They all exist in the celestial realm, You know, so when you go to Indonesia or you go to a Tamal temple or Indian temple, you'll have a temple that is got like hundreds of deities carved out, right?


And, And so that's what the celestial realm is. There's when you're praying and you're doing these rituals, and when Hollywood is doing these rituals and they're trying to talk to dead people, or they're trying to talk to the God of whatever, you know, they're trying to access the celestial realm and, and you can bring these entities down to our space. And that's why they're also obsessed with portals and things and pe we, we talk about portals even in tech, you know, like you have to sign onto the portal and it's gonna Yeah, I didn't think about that. Yeah, it's true. It's like, it's the same system.


So like, so the portal gives you access And so it's a two-way thing. And a lot of people want to shortcut and to communicate with these celestial beings. And nobody knows if there's good ones or bad ones. No one knows how to tell the difference because we have ignorance on this planet right now because of how confused everyone is. And through disrespecting ancient old knowledge or bombing it, or burning it or rewriting it, there is confusion yielded into our understanding of the celestial realm.


So like sometimes you are told, Hey, when you like this incense and pray to this thing, and you're calling the diary of like wealth because you need to get rich. You, you are not, you know, sometimes you're burning an incense saying, I'm gonna talk to my, you know, dad who's passed away. You are not, you know, it's something pretending because you don't have the discernment to, to tell. And so that's like, I think what's going on, I think that's why there's a lot of confusion and, and the bad spirits will say, Hey, earth needs to be all about acceptance.


You need to accept everybody because they want to be able to be existing and be accepted. And, but now, you know, that celestial realm is also labeled as aliens. You know, a lot of humans are like into the idea of aliens and us talking to aliens. But I think that's also another version of these like different entities, Demons, my, my husband thinks aliens are just demons. And he is very adamant about that. And I, I think it is interesting because when you look at Hollywood, it's funny because most of the people in Hollywood, when you speech them, they think that they're atheists.


I don't believe that there is such a thing as an atheist. I think that that's just a term for like, I worship something else. Something, Yes, it's a religion And it's usually yourself. A lot of times in Hollywood you see that it's usually themselves that they worship, which is why they, they say that they're atheists, but they're fully committed to themselves. And we were talking about why there's this need, almost this obsession with holding onto your youth something, the one thing that you definitely cannot hold onto. They're convincing themselves that they can, if they go to the right doctor and what they'll put their bodies through and the stuff that they'll inject themselves with to be skinny, all of this stuff, you know, when you look at that, you realize that there's a reason the bible says that there's nothing new under the sun.


You know, that this is, that this sort of stuff has gone on for a very long time and I really do see Hollywood as sort of this, this pagan culture. But you, last time that you were on the show were speaking to me about your conversion to Christianity, which is fascinating and you were cagey about speaking about that moment. I was, I was, because I was told that If you speak about it, it disappears because it's like a, a thing, you know, you're not supposed to share like any spiritual things. Many, many people have told me like, when you have a spiritual experience, don't share it. But I think with Christianity, what I'm finding out is that you do have to testify and it is about the testimony and you have to tell people that it happened because like I said, I was a Hindu and I was very comfortable in it.


I loved it, you know, like I felt like I was a realized, self-realized person and, and the aim of the game in hin Hinduism is to become self-realized. And you know, and I was called Matangi and I became a musician against all odds and it all kind of tied in and I was like, oh, I did pretty good. Like I can relax. And then I had the vision and it's, you know, and, and she also is like the goddess of spoken word and freedom of speech. And it's something that I've always been into and you know, and I, and I thought, well if that's, if it's truth, you have to share it, you know, and with miracles, when miracles happen, you have to share it or you lose the miracle iss what I've heard.


And So I was like, okay, I better go and say it out loud because it's like, you can't be embarrassed about God, you know, like you can't. So I, I find that it's a different thing, like it's given me peace, you know, like it's what I've gathered, but also like, it's very, like, you don't, you are not, it's not about yourself, You know, you're being used and you just have to accept that and you just have to go along with it. But there are lots of confusing things, you know? 'cause I'm still learning. But it's definitely, like, for example, I feel like especially with America in the next, you know, years to come, more people are gonna embrace Jesus again.


And you know, and I think the conversation about Messiah, medi Jesus will get clearer, you know, about what that is. It's like the Americans are not waiting for medi to come. And I don't think the Americans are waiting for the Messiah to come, but they're gonna be waiting for Jesus to come, you know? And so they have to get that story kind of, I, I don't know if it just happens and if it's just like welled by God and it, it's born outta confusion and chaos. But that is happening, it's getting played out right now with this, you know, the Israel-Palestine situation where I think people are really gonna focus on what it is.


And I, I listened to an African pastor, he's from South Africa, and he's always like, American people are very gifted, you know, when it comes to Jesus Christ, like a lot of them are gifted with like, so a lot of power to understand. And he's always talking about that. And So I think that is going to happen. And I, and I think If you say Christ is king and you're getting, getting canceled, you know, and, and, and there's like a massive backlash.


It's really interesting because they also say that when you are about to be having a breakthrough or you are empowered that and the door opens for you, that's when you see all the demons. Hmm. Like if the door is closed, you don't see them. But when the door is open and you're about to go to another level, that's when you see the demons, right? And you go to fight and you go fight through it and every step of the way your old life calls you back and says, no, but remember who you are. Like this is who you are. Are you gonna lose this? And you have to say no. And you got to fight through it and go through, you know, and that's how you're going to get to the truth.


And every step of the way, you have to be ready to sacrifice yourself because it, you gain a different power, You know. So I wanna ask you, so you have a vision and you convert to Christianity and I just wanted to ask you, which denomination did you convert to and what is your perspective on, of course America where there are so many denominations. I went with the one that my mom is, which is a born again Christian. And yeah, I I just, you know, before I did that, before I got baptized, I, I dunno, I felt very connected to this sort of, well I went to, I went to India to look at, I think maybe I did this after I saw you, I went to India to go to St.


Thomas' Church. Okay? So St. Thomas, he went to India and that's where he died. And, and So I went to the church and St. Thomas was there like, like four years after Jesus died. And he was there all the way until year, like 56 or something when he was murdered. And in year 75 the Greeks came and extracted his bones and moved it to Greece and they built a church there with St. Thomas' Bones. But I went to the church thinking it was there, but it wasn't there.


It'd already been moved 2000 years ago and now it's moved to Italy and they built a church there. And so when I went there, it was really interesting because St. Thomas came and landed on the East coast Kerala. And that was essentially west coast and he built his first church in Kerala. Then he moved across to the east and built a one in Chennai and that's where he was killed and that's where he died. And so he ran this church for like decades and, but towards the end, the Hindu priests who murdered him, like they were very jealous of him converting people and stuff that he built a cave and he was praying in the, in the cave secretly.


And so you still find this stuff there. Anyway, so when I went to the church, what happened is I think year 500 the Catholics came and they destroyed all the St Thomas people. So there were lots of Christians that have followed him. And so hundreds and thousands of people were killed by the Catholics and, and then they built a cathedral on top of his little church. So within India, south India, just Tamil Nadu itself, there's so many versions, right? So you've got the TOMA people who are the original Thomas followers, then you've got the Syrian Christians, then you've got like the Catholics, the Portuguese version, the Greek version.


Then you've got like so many different, you know, so even within the Tamil community there's like so many not even getting into like Protestant or you know, Methodist and all of this stuff. So it is very, very confusing. But I tend to just go with what I'm going through and not get so much into the rule books of the versions. All I know is that, you know, the way I experience it, like what that truth to be and if I can still access it when I, you know, 'cause I, I try to get with the Catholic version, this actually really happened.


So I went to St. Thomas' Church and I bought a, a rosary bead and I put it on and then I had an epiphany that my name right Matangi is M-A-T-H-A-A and then NGI, but If you take M-A-T-H-A and isolate it, that actually means Mary in Tamil. So I was like, oh, maybe I'm supposed to be a Catholic. And I was like talking to my mom about it and then I put the rosary on and I had it on for like a month.


Then I went back to St. Thomas' Church on the last day on the way to the airport and it broke and fell in the church. And I was like, wow, even St Thomas is not having it, you know, like it, and it didn't break here, it broke like at the cross and just fell in the church. And so I know that that's not it, You know, like you are not supposed to worship Mary and it, it always leads me back to Jesus, You know, it, it does. And so whatever version that is, and I don't know how how much of the stuff has been confused or rewritten or infiltrated or whatever the thing is, but I have to keep sort of figuring it out.


And I also like read a lot about, So I try to go to, you know, study it through St. Thomas and also St. Mark who went and built the Egyptian version of the Coptic Church and he wrote the, the Bible four years after, you know, his, his verses are written four years after Jesus died, whereas the others are written 200 years after. So I was like, well if, If you wrote it four years, you're probably still gonna write from memory and it's probably more truthful, you know? And So I was kind of interested in that, you know, finding out through Mark's gospel because I thought that was the truest version.


But yeah, I have my own way of working it out. It's kind of weird. Alright, Right guys, now I wanna get into some of your comments. First, gonna quickly remind you about American Financing. 'cause If you are overwhelmed thinking about the upcoming holidays, it is hard to think about that. When everything is more expensive and credit cards are pushed to the max, now is the perfect time to pay off that debt and get your finances under control before the holiday season. If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you access the equity in your home for instant savings. They are saving homeowners just like you, an average of $800 a month. Think about how that money could help your family. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra holiday funds. It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. The holidays are going to be here, here, before you know it.


So call American Financing salary based mortgage consultants today. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Well, yeah, continue on the journey. I mean, I made the decision to be baptized Catholic after a long period of study and part of it was because I realized, well, I guess kind of with my political journey is how brainwashed I was against the Catholic Church. Like as an American, you're very brainwashed against the Catholic church in school and you learn a lot of like lies about the Catholic church that you think is true about the Spanish Inquisition. And I started realizing this sort of Catholic conspiracy in America, which was very strange to me.


The more that I started studying and reading books. One book Rodney Stark Bearing False Witness, which would be a great book for you to read. Catholics also don't worship Mary, but everyone thinks that Cat Catholics worship Mary. That was one of the things that I believed too. And it is, it's a, it's a, it's been a really empowering journey because it's, for me really helped me to see the evil of dividing the Christian Church and really who was behind that evil, like wanting the Christian Church to be so separated because what's divided can't stand obviously. And America really has become a playground for that. Like ev nowhere else. I mean, could you really just pick like you're picking out ice cream flavors, like decide like what version of Christian you wanna be, which is very my truth, my truth, my truth and not the Truth.


Yeah, well like island, like where they, You know, I don't understand that. I see it all as one thing as well, right? And so it's interesting and I, I would imagine, especially as you're, well I guess I would ask the question really, what is your viewpoint on pro like American Protestantism now given all of the political events and seeing I guess the American Protestant Christian response to it. I know if that's what it is, I think when you're up against all of these other things, right, which is the new age religion, or you are, you know, talking about this conflict where they're like, this is definitely, You know, Muslims versus something, You know, that's why we're fighting the Middle East because it's all really about Iran and they're just, it's about Islam's domination of the world.


So I think when, when it's much more broad, I mean even Islam has got a hundred versions and also Hinduism, like If you go into Hinduism, it's the same. So I, I don't see it like that. Like I, I think it's Jesus Christ. And you know, like when you go past church, it's whether that communicates to me, I, I don't go, what church is that? Interesting. See, you know what I mean? I do. And that was kind of what made me pull away from Protestantism was because I suddenly realized it was a symptom of Americanism.


Like everything was extremely new age. I was driving by a Methodist church and there's an L-G-B-T-Q flag outside. I going to a non-denominational church and it feels like a concert. But you also have that in, in the Catholic churches. And, and the thing is have L-G-B-T-Q flags. No, you cannot. There's no L-G-B-T-Q flags in the Catholic church. No, definitely not Really, because I see that and also Like, no, I think you might think it's a Catholic church, but that's, that's a hard No, definitely not, not the Orthodox or the Catholic, but probably Because say, say when you go to South America where it's very Catholic, I, you know, you go into towns and you do feel the presence of God, You know?


So I don't go, oh my God, it's Catholic, you know, so I'm not gonna go into this church, or I'm not gonna be, I, I don't understand why they've got this like cross decorator like this. I don't think like that. But I just, you know, if I see or feel the light there, then I feel it, you know? You know, and, and I think with, 'cause even in Hinduism, there's so many different versions and it, the same thing's happening to them where I think they're just being told to think everything is okay and everything works.


And with Catholicism, I was just, my dad, my dad was a Catholic, and you know, his family were really heavy into Catholicism. Like his cousin was the biggest bishop in Sri Lanka. I think we talked about it on the last podcast because he, he devoted his life to writing down every single dead person during the war. Wow. That was killed on the beach. So in the last days of the offensive. And so the BBC always said 40,000 people died. Just like we, we've got that statistic with the Palestinians, like, yeah, 40,000, 4,000.


But he recorded 129. And on the on once he'd submitted that to the un, he passed away. And so he, you know, I, So I have that in my family. I love it. But because what you're talking about is why I was drawn to the Catholic faith, it was because in my viewpoint, the Catholic and the Orthodox communities are the keepers of history. And Protestantism started feeling very, what is the right word? Progressive Surface, progressive, not deep on history. Kind of repeated talking points learned in a classroom. Just very American, like, very new age American.


And like when you would walk into like cathedral and you feel there's history here and it's not adopting to the times. Whereas you, when I was going to an non-denominational church, I was like, this could also be a Justin Bieber concert. And everyone's kind of saying the same thing. It felt very cookie cutter. And of course then it became especially a challenge for me in the wake of, I think everything that's happened since October 7th, seeing, not that I don wanna say a compromise of values, but I, I was, I thought, I thought it was very strange Christian Zionism. I was going, what is this? Hmm, I wanna know about that. What is that? Like, what Actually is this? What is it? Well, it's sort of Christians that are very dedicated to Israel.


Right? And what is that exactly? What is that Christianity is like to be a humanitarian, you're supposed to, if there's a dead child that is a Dead child, you can have a reaction. You say that we care about life. Exactly. So I was really struggling with trying to comprehend this because there were so many people that I respected and, You know, evangelical Christians, and then they just couldn't be consistent on this. And I was going, what is this? And then I studied that and I realized, oh, okay, your Bible was funded, you know, the notations in your Bible was funded by Zionists. And they don't know that, they don't even know enough history to know their own history. They don't even know about the Schofield Bible. I actually recently saw that a country music artists was on Tucker Carlson speaking about the Schofield bio for the first time.


And when I started learning about that and how that got funded, I was like, okay, well this is a lot of knowledge. This then is a, That that's true, but a lot, a lot of knowledge. Right? You would just know, I think that's, Well that was me. I just like, it just, I went like, wait a second. You can't tell me that I have to bend over backwards and do a cartwheel and a split to be able to now say like, yeah, we are pro-life, but Palestinian children die. There's this like, obviously, okay, something's not right here. Instinctually, spiritually, I just went, something's not, there's something heretical happening here. And I wanna understand it. Like, I want to understand why people don't have moral clarity on this issue of life suddenly.


And that's what kind of got me into looking into the history. I, and I also don't wanna believe that Jesus saves you then puts you in this place to then be okay with another bunch of people dying the same way as your people died. Of course not. Of course not. I don't believe that. He's like, this is your job now to be like, yeah, it's fine. I, I don't think So. It Spiritually it should make, you know, like, something here is not right. And, and then once you have the, this, that spiritual inclination, you have to do the due diligence to truly try to understand it. And what it brought me to was like, okay, the Catholics and the Orthodox have been the ones that have been straight on morality on what they believe, what they don't believe without bending, without bending the will to the modern times.


And I then sort of realized, but You know, the Pope's auditorium is in the sa shape of a snake. Well, It's interesting because there is this, there's this, well it's, it's, it's so funny that you said that because then when I got interested, That's the bit that I'm like, mm, the Pope in general, I, I believe, and I Think he is pretty cool though. But he's, he's pretty cool. 'cause he does get into trouble a lot for, I'm not supposed to speak about the Pope. I, when I met with the priest, he was just like, there's supposed to be a certain level of reverence. Yes, A hundred Percent. But I do wanna say that We're talking about the auditorium. I wanna say that I just based on research that I've done into freemasonry, politically free masonry, there's been an infiltration in all the faiths, a satanic infiltration in all of the faith lit, a literal satanic infiltration.


Intentional meant to be deceptive and take a position as, you know, a pastor, a priest, whatever it is, with the intention of bringing down the church. So there are traces of that throughout all the Abrahamic faiths. Snake is fascinating because Didn't you just say Hindus worship snakes? Yes. Can you tell me about that? We have a, we have a sect like, so say you have born again sect in Christ in Hindus, and you have one called nago worship. Right? So you only pray to snake gods. I feel like that's instantly has to be evil. Okay. So the Egyptians also had snakes on their helmet all the time on their crown.


They wore snakes. You know, why Evil? Because the way I instantly feel when I see a snake, like that's, but Like, but recently Hindus have been told because really the snake tried to kill Sheba. Right. Which is why Sheba is blue, because he is poisoned. And then he grabs the snake and then he kills it and he puts it around his neck. Right. Or he transforms the snake that it's no longer trying to kill him or something. But that's why Shiba has a snake behind his neck. And he's blue is because he was bitten by a snake that tried to kill him. So It, but why, why pray to It. Exactly. So now it, they've been infiltrated, inges have been infiltrated, and they've been told that the snake is something great and it's the ultimate God, but it's not, it was a tiny bi of like, it was just like this sub footnote in Hinduism, it's snakes.


If you see Vishnu relaxing on the ocean, he's, he's sleeping on a coiled snake, which has got like six heads and it's creating an umbrella and protecting him. And that's like an enlightened snake that he uses as a bed. Right. That he's subdued. But If you look at Krishna, he killed a snake that tried to poison his whole village and he banished it to Fiji. I think it's called like cat. I, I don, I know the name of the, the snake now. So there is demon snakes and then there's subdued enlightened snakes that come to work for the gods.


Right? So that's the difference between snakes and serpents. Interesting. Yeah. So they have a very like, intricate understanding, but now they're told, or snakes are good. And it's really funny 'cause like 10 years ago when I was having these downloads, I for random reason Googled the snake population in America. And it had gone up by like 60%. So physically, physically the manifestation of snake population in the United States has been going up the last decade. Wow. That's really interesting. Yes. Isn't that weird? It's a weird fact only I know, but I was already like, oh, that's weird.


The reason why in reality the manifestation of the snakes are being multiplied is because so many people are accidentally worshiping the snakes and manifesting them. That's how it kind of goes. Why is it on the planet when every other species is going down? This one keeps going up. Why? You know? And, and I, and I think that is to do with the consciousness. And Hindus are just as much tricked into, they know the power of collective consciousness. It's the only religion that's completely devoted to that. But they have also been infiltrated. And now what all the Hindu people around me, they're all getting snake tattoos.


And I say, why not get the, the goddess of wealth or like shiva tattoo or some other dietary that represents something else. You know, why the snake? Because snake is not the God. It's like, it's like If you were into Chris Christianity, you getting the Judas tattoo instead of the Jesus Christ or the cross. Yeah. And you're like, why are you focused on that instead of the actual bit, like the good bit. But that's because everyone is like also being infiltrated and trained into thinking that's an acceptable thing. And that snake represents like an Egyptian, it means, you know, it's the rebirth, You know?


So like it's about Yeah, it's the cycle of things. And that's the snake. Yeah. So when they, when they say we've got a snake tattoo, they say it's because it represents like the beginning and the end and the cycle and the rebirth. And it's actually a very profound thing. And then you're like, well that's kind of like a very, like, I would say so deep you're shallow, You know, it's just Like, yeah. It's kind of a, it, it's just weird that that's what everyone's focused on, but that is, is being sold as as that, you know, and the, it's like, yeah, it's kind of, it's like saying when Moses, is it Moses made as staff turn into a snake and it ate the other snake and then you like saying, oh, I'm gonna tell you the snake on and just ignoring the Moses part, right?


Yeah. And, and who gave him the power to do that? You know? And I think that's what it is. It's almost like cartoons and You know, people are into all the sort of fringe characters and think they're the cooler ones. Yeah. Because it's, they're the outcasts and things like that. Well, they do that now. Or they even take villains and try to like repurpose them and try to tell you that they're actually the heroes of the story. See, Disney will go back and then they're doing Maleficent. And actually this person is a very sympathetic character, you know, and the real victim here is the villain. This is like a, a new thing that they keep doing is trying to sanitize villains. And I think that that's really emblematic of everything that's happening right now in our culture where things that are so objectively bad, they're trying to reintroduce it to you as something that's just fundamentally misunderstood.


Like it's just this person's misunderstood, not this horrific individual. I mean you even see this now with like serial killers. They do like documentaries trying to be like, oh, but let's look into this person's childhood And so we can really understand why they killed their own mom and like, and did all of this. And now that's a sympathetic person who's worthy of some sort of Hollywood treatment. And it's interesting because it's driving people into that psychology. It's all about training people to, instead of seeing something as an objective evil to go, okay, I know that's objectively evil, but there's, even in this totally evil thing, there's gotta be something that's good. And I don't think that's good for society. I think you have to just call out evil when you see it. Yeah.


I, I'm here to talk about my brand. Oh my God. But we're gonna talk about evil. So yeah, I think that's kind of interesting because like as a woman and as a musician, I have to be sexy in order to sell my music. And that, that's weird as well. But because, You know, the vidia are about women because we are suck the strength that is split into these goddesses. It's like, hey, embracing that is power, like the feminine power and the goddess power and you are like tapping into it and that being sexually liberated as a part of it.


And it's like, that's like not the right way of understanding it. You know, like even that like sucked the was Shiva's wife and she killed herself over it, you know, and or not poverty, the was Shiva's wife and killed herself over it because somebody said something terrible about her husband is why she killed herself and she was born again and he waited till the same person came around to marry them again. Like they're interlinked. You know, it's not that she was off like sleeping with everything that moves, you know, and promoting that in her being, it's not like there was still a respect for this sort of like marital kind of existence built into Hinduism.


But you know, now you have loads of girls on Tinder and they're like, I'm embracing my feminine power. And that's like, that's the cultural confusion. That is the new age version coming back to them and then saying, but this is you tapping into your ancestors and your like, you know, strength. And for a lot of Indian girls, that is, that is how it's pitched back through America. Like it's not pitched through India, it's pitched through America. And then that message then is going through India, You know, because it's going on their social media and all the Indian girls are like, yeah, You know, I'm embracing my feminine power, you know, and downloading Tinder and it's kind of like, it's like Hindus and process through America fed back, you know, nothing Is good when it goes through the, the laundromat of Americans.


Yes. I think it's like, it's kind of, it is an interesting 'cause as a musician, my pastor was saying how, you know, there's lots of different spirits and musicians, like 70% of musicians are marine spirits and marine spirits. We promote lust and addictions. That's like our job because the days of Nephilims and well the fallen angels getting with human women to produce this, you know, group of spirits basically who were not of God, you know, they were like mixed.


And so that that's who was on earth when God decided to flood it and Noah was the only one who survived it. So when he flooded it, all of these spirits, they got washed into the sea. They didn't go back into heaven. So all of the lustful de adultery, hedonistic behavior from the fallen angels, literally raping some of them human women and everything. And they were incredibly lustful. They all didn't go back up to heaven when they died 'cause they were not of it. They went into the sea. And that's why in the last days when you say the beast comes from the sea, it comes from the sea 'cause it's been there waiting.


You know? And so all of the marine spirits that all the, all the spirits or nephrons that got wash into the sea, they inhabited marine spirits. 'cause they were, the, the destruction happened so fast they lost their bodies. Right. But the spirit didn't die. And so the spirit took up marine animals and inhabited those. But what they would really like to do is get back on land and inhabit human species, you know, but some of them that come into humans have the spirit of the marine spirit, which is why musicians, we like to be sirens and we like to be mermaids and we like to be like these things and have like snake hips and do all of these things and promote lust because we carry the spirit of the, the lust.


But also like come through the, so the the, if the spirit overtakes you, you know, and, and when you're drinking and you're smoking and your aura is open Mm. Or you are in these rooms, we don't know who's been doing whatever. There could be altars in there or whatever. And that can tap in these spirits, you know? So when you are like, and musicians channel, that's what we do. And music is such a sacred thing. It can channel God's message and hire spiritual messages because you can heal people through music.


You know, you can cure things through music. You could change the mood instantly through music. You can change the way people think through music. And, and you know, and God can use that too. But some musicians say it depends on what context you're making that music and what you believe. Because If you are opening yourself to channeling spirits and entities and you dunno what they are, you could be just happy in a marine spirit and therefore that is what you promote in your music. You know, like more bulge free and more getting high and more addictions and more. And So it kind of makes sense that yeah, like he he has some truth because being a musician is, is yeah, it's a very, very spiritual thing.


Well it's, it's frequencies and, and yeah, there are demonic frequencies. There are angelic frequencies. And I, that's why I'm so careful now in the eyes and your ears are definitely the window to the soul. And you do feel like when the further you get away from those darker frequencies, you, you feel, feel lighter, you feel better. We talked a lot about your, well we've talked a lot about the topic of rebirth and people being willing to shed the old them to become the new them. And you've kind of been on a journey


and you're now making a very interesting segue into fashion, which I found to be abso when I saw the article pop up in the daily Mail. I was like, what is this? This is so interesting and I guess I'm just gonna let you tell about your, your brand Ohmni. 'cause it's super fascinating. Ohmni is basically, it's funny because I, I had this brand that it was kind of like essentially merch before in 2017. And I just made the connection that I'm called MIA and it means you're missing and then Ohmni means you're everywhere. And it's like, it's almost like you're supposed to have both extremes covered. But Ohmni is kind of about protection and it's protection against, and was giving yourself some choice, you know, to protect yourself against being hacked. Because the whole, your hara thing is about, you know, hackable humans and hacking yourself is not just about you changing your diet and doing a different exercise routine. They're also technologically talking about hacking bio data from inside your body. And then they're gonna sell it, you know, without your approval. And I think that, that, when that happens, when your every inch of privacy is kind of violated, you should have some sort of way to fight that, you know, to, to fight back. And I think this, this fabric is basically, it's a, it's a old military invention, which is kind of a faraday fabric, but now that there's just like much more you can do with it, you know, before there was only one version you can get. And So I decided to yeah. Make clothes out of it. It's so interesting 'cause years ago somebody was telling me that they got compensation from the government because they walked into a gas station, I think it was the government, they walked into a gas station and there, there was no song on. And suddenly her and her boyfriend were hearing like a, like were singing a song that was not on, and it was actually, they were testing out this gas station for subliminal messaging and they sort of went back in and the guy like admitted that they had installed something. Long story short, I never fact checked her story, but she said that they ended up getting compensation because they complained about what you're describing, quite literally a hack where, I don't know if they were using signals or subliminal messaging, whatever it was to get into inside of their brains, which is actually very terrifying. I think that they were testing us out, this probably would've been like seven years ago that she was telling me the story and it was unbelievable. And now when you see how interested they are in, in creating our mind, they just wanna do it faster and faster. Like they're not even content with just the public education system feeding you propaganda anymore. Now they realize technology really is a tool to hack people. And you see that demonstrated everywhere where you look at children and they younger and younger, these kids are getting lip injection injections and you're going okay. Like they understand, like you can quite literally download constantly things into people's minds. And when I, that's why I thought what you were creating was so fascinating. Like you're talking about an actual material Yeah. That will stop them from being evil. That's what this is. Yeah, yeah. What is that made out Of? So this is a, this is a silver mesh and it basically blocks signals. So if I tie this tight, you know, or it, that's what it does. It just stops wifi. So if I take this off and wrap my phone in it, the phone won't ring. It's fascinating. And the shirt as well, what is the shirt I made out Of the, the, this is a new fabric we're testing where it's a hundred percent silver on one side and a hundred percent cotton on the other side. So this is the latest in invention where they weave it like a hundred percent. A hundred percent. And so it's kind of like modern day armor. Yeah, yeah. It really is. And it's mad that we have to wear it, but I think you do because it's like, I don't, I don't want that, you know, I don't want people in my business and putting things in my head and, you know, I want, I want to like, I think as an artist, the journey is really, really important. You know, you don't want somebody dictating your journey in any, any way, you know, and I think even me being canceled from day one and just being canceled on a yearly basis for many, many different things, some of it dictates the journey and, and some of it leads me to really interesting things. But You know, it's bit chaotic and hodgepodge, but it always leads me to where I need to be, I feel like, and to, to think that that's going to, you know, I don't, I don't wanna be sort of told what to do because I, I I, I think I also have a problem understanding like how the values are being worked out. You know, like if I'm a criminal and that I'm told to adjust to society and just do my job and to shut up and to just be a normal ab law abiding citizen and park in the right spot, that is one thing. But if I'm also gonna have to be fed all of this like, value systems, right? And then that technology's going to u be used to dictate like my child's even his value system and what he, what he can and can't say and what to do, and then he is gonna be punished by it. Like, You know, they're gonna like do the credit score on it. And all of that is just what's really scary, You know? And I think that the last frontier is owning your brain, You know, it's like we've lost pretty much a lot of the battles and, You know, freedom of speech and freedom of thought and for you to learn and have the journey is really important. You know, and I think this is the other thing about talking about the chaotic world we live in and spirits and demons and all of these things. Like, those people have to go on a journey. Like there has to be the point people are saved or there's redemption or there there's like, you know, clarity at some point. And the AI is not gonna give you that. Technology is not gonna give you that. And neither would like a, a regimented system for profit gonna give you that. You know? And I, and I think that that's really a really a key thing for how we build the future, you know, is, is like to fight back some space. And I think this is really about that. Like, it's just the message about that, Where can people go if they wanna buy Ohmni dot com? I took, Wow, I can't believe you've got that website. Ohmni dot com Amazing. Yeah. Like I've had it, oh, you've Had it For a while? I've had it for a while, but this is, I went on Russell Brown to talk about this because I did a audiobook on there, and the audiobook was about this. And funny enough, it got taken down the, So it was the Ohmni app, right? And the people who coded it the week before October 7th happened, they took it down and deleted the story and they said it's because they fell out and that they had to delete the book. But the book was about how the demons and Gods fight, right? And they fight for 50% of the universe, the demons won 50% of the universe. And some of the demons are like, no, we want a hundred percent, we wanna annihilate all the gods. And some of the gods are like, no, we are like tolerant gods. We should tolerate the demons and give them 50%. And some of the gods are like, no, we should just completely, you know, get rid of the demons. And so they, it's about the trying to figure out a two-state solution, right? It's about the yin and yang and to create that in the universe and how they drive at the positive negative y yin yang or a two-state solution between gods and demons. And, but then it was set in the modern world where humans are used as a tool by either gods or demons to constantly manipulate propaganda to see which side wins. Because the gods need humans to think about gods all the time for them to be strengthened, right? And their prayers or their belief does something, and without that they start disappearing. And so it's really important that demons manipulate that and make humans forget. And that's what the story was. And it got deleted and then all these companies called Ohmni Robotics started taking the website over. So they were like launching all these AI technological products like Omniverse, you know, which is like the modern matrix. And there's so many robotic companies called Ohmni. And So I was kind of like, wow, that's crazy. Like, it it, I was in court trying to fight for this website even though I had nothing on there, You know, I was like, and somebody's like, well the only way you're gonna have it is If you make something on this site and reclaim it, You know? So that's what happened. Like I felt like, you know, God floated, you know, talking about ai, he or somebody or something floated this YouTube clip on my phone while I was in India and it was a pastor and he said, you know, you're gonna have a 90 day turnaround and today's gonna be your first day and something's gonna happen and I'm gonna pray for this. And I listened to him and this is the first time I, I heard it and within 90 days we launched the brand. It's amazing. Yeah. And he said in the chat, he was like, you'll be able to do in three months what people would take three years to do, you know? And, and I was like, wow. Like it was so powerful when I heard it. And then to the day on the 90th day, I was on Tim Pool and I did not think it was going go live, but we made it go live. It's amazing. Yeah. It was pretty amazing. Well, so that's another testimony, You know, it was a bit of a miracle, but now when you type Ohmni dot com, it's the first one that comes up and not the robotics.


Okay. So I always like to ask people this in closing, If you could have everybody in the world listen to you, like right now you give them, leave them a little piece, and you really wanted them to pay attention to something that's happening in the world, or some advice that you have about everything that's happening in the world, what would it be? Well, I think that, I think that truth is truth. Whether you go through whichever avenue, you know, even If you are a Hindu, you, you would understand Jesus If you are about the true Hinduism, and If you are a true Muslim, you will also know Jesus.


You know? And I think that you would know that. And I do think that in America though, the next four years are gonna be rough because of the, you know, economy and a lot of changes. But like you said, it is about, you know, the, it's like weaning yourself off, You know? And, and it's like getting out of some sort of addiction or something is gonna be tough, but then it will go on to being something better, you know? And I think when the whole world, like I, I haven't drawn a conclusion yet at all because you also have bricks and this all popping off, You know?


And, and Palestine is a really interesting thing because it's almost like, it's, it's, it's almost like a, the Palestinians are like almost a sacrifice for humanity to wake up, you know? And it's brought so much to people in ways that they don't get or understand. And it's like saving a lot of people in ways that they don't understand. And I, and I do think that that already is telling how, You know, that they are something, you know, it's, it's, it's a force for positive, You know?


And I think that, yeah. So I, I do think that the next four years is gonna be rough for everyone, but it's gonna be a necessity. And if anyone can listen to me right now, what would it be is, yeah. I think, I think to have faith and if you know God, you are gonna be okay. You know, like that's the whole point about God is that he's going to protect and look after those that already know him no matter how rough it gets, you know?


And I think it's the same for everyone in the world. I think a perfect way to say it would be put on the armor of God. Yes. Six 11 Ephesians, which also I discovered because of the American Christians trending it when Trump got shot. I never heard of that verse. And I, it only popped up on my radar because A, X and B, because he got shot. And I was like, wow, that's crazy. You know? But that, that's really beautiful. That's how it works.


It's very random and he's working through a lot of people, You know? Yeah. I feel it. Yeah, I feel it every single day. Well, thank you so much for joining us again, Maya. Yes. Wishing you the best of luck. It was supposed to be that Kanye went first. What? And, and, and took all the heat. And I was supposed to have a nice, Even If you got in here and we just talked about puppies, it would be controversial. It's true. So don't worry about it. That's just, that's just how it's goes on the Candace show. Thanks for having me. You're Always welcome. And congratulations for this new found power Freedom. Yes.