
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. From streaming to shopping, prime helps you get more out of your passions. So, whether you are a fan of True Crime or prefer a nail biting novel from time to time with services like Prime Video, Amazon Music, and fast free delivery Prime makes it easy to get more out of whatever you're into or getting into. Visit amazon.com/prime to learn more.


Alright, you guys, happy Tuesday. And obviously I should not be here. Should not be here at all. I I really do not understand this new cycle right now. It seems to be doing the absolute most. It has zero chills, zero respect for a mother nursing her young on maternity leave on Tuesday. I said to you guys, goodbye. I will see you guys in two weeks. And then something rather big happened to the President of France. Yes, there was a bit of a tussle in Hanoi, Vietnam. His flight might have experienced a little bit of turbulence while it was grounded. Now, people are saying, and I'm not people, people are saying that his father merely disciplined him publicly, which has led to some lingering philosophical questions like, how old is too old to span your child?


Questions? That obviously I'm the only person who can really answer. I'm the one that has the expertise to answer those questions. So Welcome back to Candace. Where were you when Bridgette Macron publicly whooped President Macron? Right? That's gonna be one of the questions that this generation is going to reflect on a moment in time. You know, like where were you when Mike Tyson bit the air off of Holy Field and that boxing match? Where were you when Michael Jackson Moon walked across the stage?


Well, regarding what happened to President Macron, I know exactly where I was. I had just risen from bed. I was about to nurse my young, and I opened my phone and Xavier PS had sent me some messages. I mean, I was groggy, and I looked at them and he said, this happened very ever factual as he tends to be Xavier Sard. This is the incident that took place. Here's the link. The ili a palace lied about it. And when I saw the video, I instantly shoved my husband, I'm in bed. I'm like, we gotta wake up. You gotta wake up. You're not gonna believe what's taken place. They've been caught in a tussle. And he didn't even hear me. He was kind of half asleep. And then an hour later, he said, did you wake me up and say something about Jit Macron?


Yes, indeed I did. And I'm very quickly going to show you guys the video that has by now made its way around the world. I'm talking a global PR catastrophe for this couple. So let's very quickly watch it. If you are listening to this on Spotify or Apple, don't worry about it because we're gonna do a video breakdown. But here is the clip that made its way around the world. You obviously see the plane door gets opened, and then suddenly his face is being smushed. Okay, let's slow this down because there are some things that I think are being missed by the public. First and foremost, I just want to shout out the real victim in all of this. Okay?


Let's just watch the beginning of this clip, the pilot that comes out and opens the door. He is the unsung victim in this because he is going to be so fired. I mean, just the wrong timing there. I just imagine that when he gets back and this trip is over for no reason at all, Brixit is going to lose it because Brigitte is a maniac behind the scenes. These are the facts. I am telling you Brae is losing his mind. I I know this to be an absolute fact. I'll tell you more about that later. But then what we see here, and this is what people need to get right, because what was being reported as a slap or a smack is actually incorrect. This was a double handed shove to macro Crohn's face.


We're gonna slow that down so you can see it. Take a look at this. That is two arms. You see that frozen, two arms in the shot. You can see Brie's left arm and right arm, right on his face. And when you get closer to it, you can even see that Brigitte is wearing some sort of a watch or a piece of jewelry. And I just went, okay, that's just like dudes beginning to fight. Because a couple of things there. Listen, I went to public school, saw a lot of these fights. When a woman is, is hitting a man, it's usually one hand a smack because a woman's not really fearful in most circumstances that the guy's gonna hit her back just like a little whack across the face. And you know, maybe it's a mom to her son smack, and then it's kind of over because she's just being over emotional and hitting him.


When men fights, there tends to be an aggressive shove that happens first, right? Shoved to the face like that just to be super disrespectful. And that's exactly what happened here, okay? I am telling you, JIT was in some form, was very clearly irate and gave him the full shove. Now, what, we're gonna slow down now, right? Right now is Macron's reaction to this because I think it should be studied in colleges and universities across the world because it's giving fight or flight, the fight or flight response that we have as humans, a new meaning. I mean, this could be called fight on flight response. And it's incredible to, to actually think about the physiological changes that must be going through Emmanuel Macron's body and mind during this moment.


Okay? At first he perceives, he gets double shove. You're gonna have that human response like, am am I gonna fight this person? Am I gonna fight this grown man? He perceives this physical threat. And before he can even process that, he then perceives the bigger threat, which is the media, the cameras that are flashing outside. Could you imagine his heart rate in this moment? Look at him, look at his face. Genuinely, he looks like he pooped his pants. That's the only way I can describe his face. If you listening to the podcast, he looks like a toddler did an uoh in a very public space, maybe six flags Disney World, and realizes things are, things have gone terribly wrong.


Okay? And I recognize this face. You recognize this face. I'll say it. This is very clear. The face from the Cowardly Lion Wizard of Oz when he gets smacked right across the face from Dorothy because he's acting all tough, but then he scoops up todo, just, let's just run the clip to jog your memory here. Shame on you. What did you do that for? That's the exact same face Emmanuel Macron is making there. Okay? And then what happens next? And this next portion is what makes the Ilya Palace response to it? The most absurd response I've ever heard.


Jit is very clearly not able to pull it together. Jit is angry. Jit is big mad. They now gotta pull it together. Pilot. So fired, open the door unexpectedly. And Macron ever, the actor, we told you how they got together. Oh yes, he was so amazing on stage. Oh, I just couldn't resist this little boy. Ugh, disgusting. Whatever. The actor Mccn pulls it together pretty quickly and he's like, I just gotta pull it together in front of the camera. I've been doing this since I was a little boy. And he, he, you see right there, he puts out his arm and Jit refuses it. Okay? Brae refuses it. Bridget's like, Nope, cannot pull it together.


I'm still big mad, okay? And I just wanna say, by the way, is it me or is brae looking more and more manly every time, every time we see him, it's just incredible. I feel like every stepped on the series, I mean, the wig is just so bad, but I don't wanna get lost on that. Okay, let's stay focused here. This last portion is amazing because I feel that it's Macron, once they fully descended down the steps and you pay attention, I feel Macron is practicing whatever it is that he learned in anger management. Because his fist, look at that fist, the left fist, he's just, oh, trying to hold everything in an anger management technique. Just bulk up your fist, hold it all together.


And we know that fist, obviously that's the Arthur fist. We've all seen it. He punched dw, that's his fist. A mean, that's now going viral. And that's what Emmanuel Macron is doing right there. Just trying to manage his anger and obviously having recognized that this has been captured. Okay? Now, if, as if this couldn't be the most crazy thing that's happened in a very long time, and it's not, by the way, in a long line of things that happened in this relationship, it's not even close to the craziest thing that's happened. But what was then so stunning was we're watching a sitting president of the western world, right? Get pummeled by his husband.


Then the EA palace just moves to completely lie about the thing that we just watched. They, their reaction to this was essentially a lie that was so bad that not even the mainstream media fully bit on it, right? They kind of, some of them tried to, other ones are just outright mocking them. I'll show you Bo, I'll show you both of those reactions. But what happened at first, I kid you not, when a journalist contacted the Eza Palace, and I'm assuming at this point they had not seen the footage, the Eza Palace responded and they said, of all things that it was Russia's fault, they just went ahead and blamed Russia right off the top. That seems to be a thing that everybody does. Russia, Russia, Russia. Russia's bad all the time.


Putin, Putin stay focused on Putin. I kid you not, the official statement from the la a palace was quote, these are images generated by artificial intelligence being boosted by Russians. It's amazing. That is amazing. I have to imagine somewhere in the world, Putin is laughing. He just is like, what, what are we doing now? Why would we spend our time doing that? For what reason would we pretend that, why would we generate an image of Brigitte Macron pushing the face, shoving the face of Emmanuel Macron in our spare time? Like, we don't have enough going on. And the journalist who's on the phone with the EEA palace immediately calls them out on their bs. He says, you are lying, because these images were just captured from the associated press.


And at that moment, they realized they had made a massive blunder. Okay? Oh my gosh. So this is the EA palace is their white house. They've realized we've made a big mistake. They completely backtrack and immediately get to work changing their story. And then came a statement from Macron's office. Macron's office said this. It was a moment where the presidents and his wife were decompressing one last time before the start of the trip by horsing around. It's a moment of complicity. It was all that was needed to give ammunition to the conspiracy theorists.


There is just so much happening in that statement. Genuinely, I feel limited here. I I don't have the vocabulary that is extensive enough to underscore how disastrously stupid this response was. Is I, I'm left wondering whether or not they hired Blake and Ryan's PR team. If they went out and said, wow, that was so bad. Are you guys available to do some of our pr? First off, let's, where do we begin with that statement? Let's begin by defining what a moment of complicity is. What, what is that? What they were comp because they were complicit with one another that they would engage in this beating. What does that actually mean? And what exactly are they decompressing from?


Okay, so they were just on this very long flight from Paris all the way to Hanoi. One pit stop in between. They're on this long flight, and you're gonna tell me they decided at the end of it, to horse around. I wanna be clear. Let me make something very clear to you. I've been on a private plane before. And what happens when that flight ends is the exact same thing that happens when public flight ends. When a public flight ends, you are required to put on your seatbelt, be seated because the plane is coming in for landing. You are not allowed to take that seatbelt off until the plane has finished taxiing. So what they want us to believe is after a very long flight, and Mark, you're gonna have to remind me, how many hours is the flight from Paris to Hanoi?


You could tell me this in my air. It was a 12 hour flight and they took a three hour stop in Abu Dhabi. Okay, great. So a 12 hour flight with a strange three hour flight in Abu Dhabi. And you're telling me that after that very long flight for a half day, the plane lands, it stops taxiing. You take your, your seatbelt off and you took a look at your senior citizen wife, husband and said, Hey, let's just, you know, horse around. Let's get up here and just horse around. What? Nobody, nobody does this. Okay? This is not normal. You're not gonna try to normalize beating a senior citizen up because you need to decompress.


What did you do? What are you saying that's, it's just the most foolish response that you could possibly issue after all of this. And then at the end, to call everyone who saw things with their own eyes. Conspiracy theorists like this happened. We were horsing. This is how we decompress. Like they're vacuum sealed. I know, I know. It's a pressurized cabin. These two were not vacuum sealed. They did not need to decompress in this manner. And no couple does this. I don wanna be very clear there's no couple that after a long flight, you wanna stretch your legs after a long flight. You don't wanna shove the face of your spouse. You shouldn't wanna shove the, the face of your spouse after a long flight unless they did something crazy.


Something that made you very upset, something that angered you. And Jit, as I know, until you take it to the bank, JIT is very angry at this period in time. So they decide to just call us all conspiracy theorists. Tell us not to believe our own eyes. Macron then doubles down on this quote unquote conspiracy and the conspiracy theorists out there that are making his life very hard because he's then asked about the incident on camera. And here is how he tries to explain things to a newscaster. Take a listen. President dismissed concerns later on when asked, saying the pair was just joking about We Were squabbling and I was joking with my wife and I'm surprised by it.


And it becomes some sort of geo planetary catastrophe. Everybody Needs to calm down and should really focus on actual news. Yep. You gotta respect that. You have to respect his ability to just continue to lie in the face of overwhelming evidence. Somebody called Jordan Peterson, I think I found the psychopath he was looking for. I mean, we, you're just gonna try to sell to the public that you guys were just joking around completely joking around, and that your face, when you look, you were gonna poop your pants was totally normal stuff. You were just surprised that people were watching you joke around and people need to stay focused on real news. And of course, by the way, after this, the legacy media immediately got to work trying to kind of patch together the two lies that they had already told that Eza Palace had already told, helping Macron work his lie out by still including Russia in the narrative.


I kid you not, this is a real clip from CNN. Take a listen. French officials say the moment will likely feed the mills of conspiracy theorists and Russian trolls. It's already become a target for pro-Russian accounts and Russian state media who viewed it as a possible opportunity to spread misinformation. And this isn't the first time. Earlier this month, prominent Kremlin officials claimed Mack Halt was using cocaine on a train trip to Kyiv with British Prime Minister Kiir Stara and German chancellor Frederick met French officials, say a crumpled tissue was mistaken for a bag of drugs. Al's office debunked the rumor with humor.


Tweeting, this is a tissue for blowing your nose. Officials say these efforts are part of a wider Kremlin campaign to undermine Europe's steadfast support for Ukraine in the war against Russia. It's, it's really unbelievable. It's, it's comical. You should laugh. I don't know how these people take themselves seriously anymore. They, they're still grappling, coming to terms with why everyone has turned to podcasting and independent media when we have to listen to them really try to sell to us that this event that took place, what you just watched with your own eyes, don't pay attention to that because this other unrelated event happened and this was just a tissue. And somehow you should know that if you're even believing what you saw with your own eyes, it's because you've been impacted by Russia and be sure to support you Ukraine, what is happening?


Who is writing this stuff? And I will say give credit where credit is due. Gail King, CBS morning. You know, they have, they have their shows and they did not, they did not bite. They were definitely laughing at the absurdity of this lie. Maybe because Gail King, you know, recently went to space and people were mocking her. So she's like kind of telling the truth here on this one situation. But they had a panel and they were definitely singing a different tune, laughing at the absurdity. So take a listen to this clip from CBS French President Emmanuel Macron, that's causing a stir all around the world. It shows Macron about to leave a plane on Sunday and the hand of the first lady Ji macro shoving him, smacking him, slapping him, whatever you wanna say.


Shoving, shoving the face, right? Macron momentarily. Watch his face here, folks just watch. When he turns to the camera and notices everybody's wa then he is Like, Hey Everyone. Oh, what just happened there? He looks startled, he waves and then he goes back inside. Then when they take the stairs, she's clearly not holding his hand. At first, his office claimed the video wasn't real. Mistake number one, mistake Number one because we could all see, yeah, we all don your line gaslighting us. Every politician gaslights us all day long. Yesterday though, macrol said the video showed the couple bickering and joking around, he said the incident joking Around Mistake number two, that that's not A joke. He said the incident had been overblown into some sort of geo planetary catastrophe.


No, Justin got, it's not a catastrophe. He got, got shove, shoved in the face. No, By your wife. By your wife. We caught you in a moment that clearly Mrs. Macron was not happy with Mr. Macron. That's Right. Yeah. I think's or whatever why you should not marry your high school teacher. I mean, I don't know. Something about that. Like maybe she, I, who knows, what do you guys say? Clearly there's something, something going on. Somebody never, I'm gonna leave that alone. Alone, man. Why are we leaving that alone? They instantly, at that moment when he calls out, maybe he shouldn't have married his high school teacher. Gail King shuts him down. That guy shuts him down. Why are they being shut down? Why is that somehow the rail that can't be touched? He's not even touching the third rail. He's not, he's not even, he's barely at the first rail.


Okay? He's just saying what is plainly obvious. Like the thing that's been weird about this relationship is the entire genesis of the relationship. And the reason why they're going, oh, let's stop that right there is because all roads lead to Candace. Okay? Once you start recognizing that there's, there's always been something strange there and you open yourself up to listening about that initial relationship and how the press, just in the same way in France, they're lying right now. And how they attempted to lie about what you watched with your own eyes. The press went and sold a public lie about how those two met. They lied about their ages, they lied about everything. It was the entire basis of our becoming Brigitte series.


And so you see already they know, they're like, well, we can admit that this happened in this relationship, but we've gotta stop this guy from even speaking about how strange it was that they ever even got together. Because well, we don't want our listeners to be exposed to the reality that, yeah, there's much more things of a much more sinister nature that took place here, that arrived at what happened on that plane. Now I will say I do agree with the panel regarding the state level gaslighting that is taking place. I'm actually getting to a place where I'm inclined to believe that the Macron's PR team hates them both deeply. Clearly that has to be the only explanation for such communications disasters that have taken place.


I mean, whose idea was it on the team that said, Hmm, what's an illegal letter to Candace Owens? That'll go, well, yeah, that sounds swell. Send her a legal letter to Tennessee. And that blew up in their faces. I mean, if I was the PR team, I would've issued it. You immediately acknowledge it. Oh, you know, this is right off the top. Domestic violence is never okay period. But after months and and of Brigitte going through a campaign by that conspiracy theorist, Candace Owens, they've both been under a tremendous amount of stress. But we wanna be clear that what took place is not okay. And we will, they will be donating a million dollars to the domestic violence organization, blah, blah, blah, kesco kesco.


And then you kind of, you button it up by again saying that will check into rehab for 30 days. That's how you do pr. That's how you do the PR that we're all used to. But they just went ahead and said, yeah, no, everything you saw is a lie. So if you're getting the feeling and you were like, Hmm, I still have questions about becoming Jit and never watched it, you should dive in now because everything you're seeing will make sense. Now regarding the philosophical questions that are being asked to me, I've never claimed to be Socrates or Plato. Should parents spank their kids in public? I say, no, I don't think you should spank your kids in public. What if that kid also happens to be the 47 or 48-year-old president of France? Probably not definitely then you should not do that.


I would say now some people are asking, should teachers discipline their pupils? Should we bring back maybe, I don't know. That seems to be what's going on here. And to be clear, I think everybody is just asking questions while we're still allowed to, we are just asking questions. What I can tell you guys, and again, this is gonna be a shortened episode obviously 'cause I am on maternity leave, is that there is so much more that is happening behind the scenes. I am, I, I feel I have to commit myself to doing a, Becoming Brigitte Season two. Because If you knew what I knew that I'm not allowed to tell you right now, your mind would blow. Your mind would blow. I'm telling you, JIT and Macron, Brigitte and Emmanuel, they're, they're coming undone.


And my series has been the undoing of them. They are doing the absolute most behind the scenes trying to shut down any conversation because all the evidence is there. Something very demented has gone on in that relationship. Emmanuel Macron has never been the leader of France. Jit has groomed him from the time that he was a child. They are still lying about everything. They're lying right now in court. By the way, they recently had a hearing, you know, they've been harassing that woman, Natasha Ray, who has cancer. The woman is on welfare, and yet they've gone after her because she misspoke. And they wanted to be able to hang one person and say, look, we got her on defamation. If you followed the series, you know that she genuinely just misspoke.


And they have been harassing this woman for years. And so now the appellate judges are looking at the case of Natasha Ray. And I am told that the, the magistrate, the judge went in, has a copy of becoming Bridgette, held up a copy of becoming Bridgette and said in that courtroom, why are you going after Natasha Ray? And I'm, I'm summarizing here. And when you have not yet gone after Xavier Sard and Candace Owens are Xavier Sard, the author of becoming Brae and Candace Owens, the podcaster of the becoming brae series, have they yet been prosecuted? And at that time, Bridgette's lawyer, who is a man named Jean Enoki, this is him right here.


That's, you know, John Enoki, If you will, in English. He says, I believe so. And the judge shoots back at him and says, what do you mean you believe? So you are the prosecutor in this case. Have Candace Owens and Xavier Sard been prosecuted because they said much more than Natasha w Ray has said. And once again, John Enoki allegedly says right to the magistrate, I believe so unbelievable there, there are now lying under oath to judges. And so this tells you that it's all coming very undone. And the thing that I really wish I could tell you now, but I'm going to have to wait for reasons and I promise you it'll be well worth the rate.


The weight indicates to me that I don't know, this is, it's really bad for France. I think that Emmanuel Macron is going to have to step down. If I release what I know about Emmanuel Macron, he would have to step down. There's no question he would have to step down as the president of France. And maybe that's why people are saying that I should be the president of France. I saw, I saw a tweet where someone said that I'm one episode away from becoming the president of France. And I would accept that. I would totally accept that duty. Anyways, you guys, I want you, this is it Shane Cashman. Candace is like one video away from becoming the president of France. Your tweets were hilarious as this video went viral. And yes, I have been the person ringing the alarm for the English speaking world to recognize that something very dark is happening in France and has been happening by the way, plausibly forever.


Like you know, since the French Revolution, there's been some weird sex stuff going on in France and we should maybe be willing to have an open conversation about that stuff. And I'm willing to do it. If I do a becoming Brigitte series two, which I think I will do, I will end this by saying no matter what on that plane, there was clearly too much testosterone. And the audacity of a lie that was told thereafter is proof that, you know, Brigitte at a bare minimum definitely has balls. I'll say that now I wanna throw it to our sponsors.


First and foremost, PreBorn, If you consider yourself pro-life, here's a wake up call for you. Despite the overturning of Roe over overall abortions have increased nearly 1% as of last year. Now what does that look like? It translates to over 100,000 additional lives lost totalling over an estimated 1 million unborn babies. Every one of these lives was precious. The ministry of PreBorn is on the front lines advocating for these beautiful souls. Souls who never had the chance to grow up. PreBorn network of clinics are strategically located in the country's highest abortion areas. They're ready to support women making decisions about their baby's futures through compassionate loving care and free ultrasounds. PreBorn helps women connect with the life that's growing inside of them because once they hear their baby's heartbeat, the baby's chance that life doubles. Last year alone, PreBorn rescued over 67,000 babies. So please consider getting involved 'cause your monthly support of $28 makes the mission possible. Life is sacred and life is eternal. To donate, you can simply dial pound two 50 and say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can visit PreBorn dot com slash Candace. That's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, I always tell you guys about American Financing 'cause inflation is eating away at everything. Gas, groceries, home repairs. And if you're a homeowner, you've probably thought, should I call American Financing to refinance and pay off this credit card debt? And you may be second guess yourself because of that low mortgage rate that you are currently enjoying. Well, that low rate is not saving you if you're drowning in credit card interest rates that are at 25% or more. That's the math that no one wants you to face. But it is costing you thousands. Here's the truth. If you're only making minimum payments, that debt will follow you for years. That's why people are calling American Financing because they're saving customers an average of $800 a month by using their equity to finally break free from credit card debt. You owe it to your family to see what's possible. There's no upfront fees, there's no pressure. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out what you could be saving every month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. So call American Financing today. Number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can simply visit American Financing dot net slash owens American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay, like I said, this is gonna be a shortened episode. So I'm gonna jump now to your comments. We usually go 45 minutes, we're gonna do just a little over half an hour today. I am dying to see what you guys think about all this. Dre Harden writes the whole internet was waiting on Candace to drop this. I was, people were inundating me with tech messages going like, what? This maternity leave was just officially over. Everyone is just doing the most. It's like they waited for me to have this baby. Maybe they felt it was a safe time, a safe time for them to do the absolute most. But here I am back commenting on all of these things. Misty writes, you know, will Smith is taking a sigh of relief right now. He's no longer the smack that was heard around the world. Well, I would like to be, I'd like to revisit that.


I think Will Smith was decompressing. I think he, that's just how some people maybe decompress, if that's what we are calling it. Sarah is here writes, I can't imagine ever putting hands on my husband's face and shoving him backwards. Yikes. I, I know that's what's so crazy is to call this joking around. This is inappropriate. I don't care If you adjust the ages and it's not a senior citizen involved, which is weird. Why are we going at grandpas and grandpa, grandpas and grandmas doing those sorts of things. But If you remove all of that and think my relationship with my husband, I would never in a million years hit his face. I mean, that's just crazy to just shove his face. Again, this reminds me of stuff I saw in public school when guys start fights, they're like, you know, something disrespectful to the face and then there's the cafeteria.


Oh, and then now they both have to square up and they have to fight because the embarrassing cafeteria. Oh yeah, we were the, we were the media that was waiting outside the plane. The people that were in the cafeteria in middle school before fights broke out. Sarah Grace writes, Russia gets blamed from so much. It's crazy. It's weird. It's no matter what, if all else fails, blame Russia, she continues. I can't just imagine. I can just imagine it's a running joke there. Also, neither of them look like they were in a joking mood, but really, how else can they try to spin it? He definitely hit him. And if the door had not opened, who knows how it would have escalated. That is so true. And I'm sure that pilot has seen way too much if you've gotta fly around those two.


So weird, so demented and a joking mood. Yeah, we joked, we were just joshing around and then afterwards I had my fist like Arthur and Jit didn't want to touch me. Yeah, everyone knows after a good joking session, you don't even wanna touch or look at your spouse. Are you kidding me? It's like I said so foolish. But this, I guess this worked in the time that Brae was coming up, this kind of a media strategy worked. The media was the authority. There was no independent media. They probably could have had the taped removed back in the day and no one would've ever seen it. So yeah, that's crazy. Shannon Smith writes, we are going to need a part two series of becoming Brigitte.


Yeah, I agree. And like I said, when I drop, what I know it's over for the presidential couple and I know they're watching right now, and I probably shouldn't say that 'cause they're gonna come for me. But they're probably gonna send me a fifth strongly worded letter or something. And Jean Anki is going to again lie like he did and say that they didn't receive our questions back. Are you a man circle, yes or no. And I'll report the truth. And they declined to do so. Answer our basic questions because Jon Noki is clearly a liar and they're all liars. They just lie so much. It's crazy that they're allowed to be in the office anymore with the lies that they have told and that people that they have threatened and the journalists that they have gone after.


The whole world is watching France right now and it's not gonna last much longer. In my viewpoint. PQ writes, notice the lady in yellow turned quick after that slap. Yeah, I saw that. I don't, I don't think that she's, she, I think she's from the airport, right? She's probably the person from the tarmac. I'm not sure exactly the role there, but the vest indicates that she was definitely on the runway, but I don't, I don't know if she saw it or was and was uncomfortable. Do it again. Let's run that again of the young woman coming outta the plane. Yeah, so she's there. He opens it. Yeah, I do think she saw that. Yeah. She's just a little uncomfortable. Tucks the hair behind the air. She's like, I am going to mind my own business.


French people are crazy. People in the west are crazy. Indeed. Cat Lock writes the emotional damage that man felt was visible to all of us. God bless you and your family. Candace, we are lucky to have you. Well, I mean I'm, I'm trying to leave you guys, you know I'm trying, but you are drawing me back every time. This is like a toxic relationship that I have with you guys. 'cause the media is doing the most, everything is going on while I'm maternity leave and I can't, I just cannot quit. You guys, that's what's happening. Brief reminder for you guys that are in our book club, we have that tonight. We've been keeping steady on that and that is taking place at 6:00 PM Eastern. And If you guys have not seen the Harvey interview, you can head to our website canoness.com and watch and it's entirety If you are a member and If you would like to just watch it pay-per-view and not become a Candace Owens, a website member, which I didn't know.


I don't know why you wouldn't want to become a member of our website and support our journalistic endeavors, but if you're like, I just wanna watch this interview, it's amazing. You can do that. It, you had to Candace Owens dot com and you can buy it. Just pay-per-view for just 4 99. I think it's about an hour long interview and there will be more. All Right guys, that's all we have for you, unless you are in the book club, then I will see you at 6:00 PM Eastern.