
Alright. Right guys. Happy Tuesday. You know, back when Kanye West wrote the rap lyric doctors say on the illest, 'cause I'm suffering from realness, he was way ahead of his time. I mean, the idea of suffering from maintaining your authenticity had never even been heard of back then. Now, this illness is apparently going mainstream and Melania Trump has come down with it because she is in the most authentic move ever, and I'm talking ever declining to sit down with the fake Dr. Jill Biden, which is the customary, her reasons, I'm gonna tell you that in a little bit. Plus, president Trump is already causing various kinds of clinical reactions as he cites his agenda. He says he's going to abolish the Department of Education.


And there are people that are crying about this and I think that they are unwittingly proving that it ought to be abolished. But first, have you guys heard about the ultra feminist four B movement as a response to Donald Trump's election? God, I'm so glad that people were tagging me in this and made me aware of this TikTok movement bigger than TikTok. Honestly, it's been going on for almost a decade. We definitely have to talk about that, all that and much more coming up on Candace.


Okay, this is a real headline I'm about to show you guys. Okay? I don't make this stuff up. This was actually posted in GB news. Check out this headline. It is just completely crazy liberal women across America vowed to never have sex with men again in revenge for Donald Trump's victory. I said, what? Then my sister text me, she's like, have you heard of this four B movement? All of a sudden people are saying four B, four B. I'm like, what are we talking about? Okay, so let me slow this down for you in case you're the, this is the first time you've heard about it. So apparently in South Korea there was an extreme feminist movement that emerged during the 2000 and tens as a response to what South Korean women perceived as a, yes, you guessed it. Patriarchal and misogynistic culture.


Okay? So their movement really caught steam in 2016 after there was this highly publicized murder of a woman who was killed by a man. And although he was indeed found guilty of murder, the women in South Korea were still upset that the man was not also charged with a hate crime. So essentially like I'm, I understand that he's going to prison and he's, he's obviously being charged, but I want you to say that he did this because she's a woman. Don't get me started on hate crimes. It's all very stupid. I've never heard of a love crime. But yeah, so they got upset about this and the what came to be known as the four B movement took off because obviously that could have only happened profu to charge in four hate crime because the patriarchy exists.


So yes, the reactionary movement known as four B, I'm gonna tell you what that means. Four B means four nos because the BB means no in Korean and it refers to four self-imposed restrictions that women are supposed to put on themselves. Number one, no dating men. Number two, no sexual relationships with men. Number three, no marriage to men. And number four, no childbirth, which you would think number four would be a bit redundant if you're not having any sexual relations with men. But nobody ever accuses women of being geniuses naturally. Of course it has now been appropriated by the angry left wing female voters across America who are super upset about the election results.


So I'm just gonna show you this because it is taking off like this is a left wing trend right now happening on the internet. You have to be aware of it. Here is this not so genius woman as just one example, take a listen Now that my content reaches a lot of men because I have an IQ of 130, but I want the men in this country to know that half the female population we're dry, we're probably gonna stay dry. I'm dry as a desert baby and I don't want it to change. Yeah, we're not gonna like you anymore. You understand that? Like it doesn't matter If you, If you take away abortion, like we'll wanna have your babies even less, right? Yeah. Even If you take away contraception, like women are really good at celibacy because you guys are actually a threat to us.


So we have a lot less to gain from you. So yeah, four B all the way, let's make some money. I guess that's all we can do. Now, First of all, I love that she says she repels men because she has an IQ of one 30. It's not like, it's like the highest IQ in the entire world. It's like slightly above average. And then she like launches into this diatribe like, okay, you're no longer going to get this. And I always love when people pretend that they're oppressed, like on a TikTok, like living in this oppressed society, I'm gonna make this TikTok video and post it to the world because I'm just so oppressed. It's such, such a nonsense. But it gets even crazier than that. Here is a woman encouraging other women to join this movement and to make sure that, to prepare yourself for this, like as if you're preparing for an emergency stock up on sex toys.


I'm not kidding. Take a listen Ladies. I'm not saying this to be facetious, but I don't care If you're rose girl, a wand girl or a monster alien tentacle girl. Stock up now for your moments of weakness because I promise you ain't no alive worth getting stuck with a man none. We are taking coochie off the table indefinitely. I'm just gonna beg everyone to please stop saying coochie. It's deeply upsetting to me, but sorry fellas, you heard it. Hers is off the table. I know there's some fellas watching going, no, and thin eyebrows have been out for a very long time, but this is, these are the videos they're making. They're letting men know that you ain't gonna get this no matter who you are.


You ain't gonna touch this no more because Trump isn't office. And now you fellas can suffer. And here's another woman who seems totally stable and normal saying pretty much the same thing. Take a listen To the Men of America. Thank you so much because you Have now officially pushed any woman who was ever questioning herself away from you and into my arms. And I'm now a hundred percent gay. I wasn't sure before, but now I am positive. So if you're a man, don't look at me, don't touch me, don't speak to me, don't breathe near me. Okay? Okay. I am glad we got that sorted. That one for me is a little bit of a mean girls moment. I'm like, does she even go here? She has American men. I just feel like she doesn't even go here, but whatever. She's joining in the movement too because she's also upset even though she faces no consequence, likely of Trump being elected as president of the United States.


She's upset and she's therefore off the table. Again, I am very sorry fellas, and that is not the only component of this movement because as I said, this is a radical feminist movement and nobody does radicalism better than the feminists. They are also saying that as one component of this, women are being called to de beautify themselves. And they have decided that the best way to do that, to really make a statement to men is to shave their heads. Take a look at this and in case you're listening to this on audio, we're just showing here a, a compilation of women that are just a montage of women that are shaving their heads. Some of them are crying. I don't know why this woman looks like she's been, I know a person wearing a black hood that's shaving her head and covering his face like, like she's a victim.


This woman kind of just seems to be zen as somebody shaves her head entirely bald. This woman is smiling, she feels empowered by this. Another woman is smiling at the barbershop, she feels empowered and this woman is dancing like an alien in her room looking happy and overjoyed as she puts on lipstick with her new bald head. Now you can imagine there were a litany of responses to this on the internet, but what has been one response, they probably weren't expecting a ton of women who are going through cancer treatment chemotherapy and have to shave their heads for real reasons. And it's a very, very challenging moment for them. It's a very emotional moment for them are making videos saying you are signaling to the world that women who have bald heads don't deserve to be loved and don't deserve to be liked and are not beautiful.


So that kind of backfired just a little bit, but I just wanted to show you, these are all of the elements. So what are we to make of the four B movement? Are we supposed to ridicule these women or do we choose compassion? That's kind of the big question that people are grappling with in the wick of the election results. Like how do we respond to these human beings? Are they even human beings? That's why I'm asking myself. And you have people like Vivek Ramaswamy, who I love, I think is absolutely brilliant. And he instantly, like following the election results, came down and said, guys, this is really a time for us to demonstrate compassion, to take the high road. Russell brand, who I also adore, held a similar perspective where you could say an adjacent perspective on his show. Really, he's just sort of asking the question as well, how do we respond to so many people who seem to be suffering from some sort of a mental break in the wake of these election results?


Take a listen to Russell Brandt. I'm not saying that those people, those individuals should be sort of ridiculed or condemned. I know a lot of you will really get off on it. Like what I'm saying is what is making them feel that way? In the same way that we can be directed to sort of drink sort of Coca-Cola when it's sort of not really very good for you and I like let my children drink it. Like what kind of conditioning, what kind of coaxing, what kind of propaganda has led people to think that what's about to happen is so significant And so against their interests that it warrants this degree of emotion? I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done with you. I'm done with you and your mother and your sister.


I'm just done with all of this. So it's amazing that it's Russell brand because back when he was way more on the left, he, I, I always knew he was gonna come more to the center or to the right because we had such a great time. He was inviting conservative voices onto his podcast under the Skin, and I went on his show and we just had such a great back forth as someone on the right versus someone on the left. And we were laughing and we had this same discussion about whether or not people should be compassionate. And at that time, Russell Brown was very much on the side that people should be compassionate. And I said, no, we shouldn't be compassionate. And I wanna be very clear that looking at this four B movement, looking at these people that are having breakdowns looking at, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done, I'm done.


I am choosing not to be compassionate. Okay? I think these people should be ridiculed and I believe that these people should be condemned. And I'm gonna tell you why it is because compassion is the reason that we are in this circumstance. This is what nobody wants to tell you, okay? Everybody wants to be kind to give hugs. That is the problem, is that you have a bunch of people, I see this when I go on college campuses and they're coming up to me begging for their oppression. I imagine buying tickets to a Candace Owens event on campus, right? There are tons of people that wanna go to this event, but you make sure you're first in line to steal one of these tickets. You then wait in a line that's wrapping around the campus to find yourself a seat so that you can wait until the very end to ask Candace Owens a question and say, I feel oppressed by your presence here.


The presence that you are opting into, these are the most remarkably privileged people in the entire world, and they're privileged because we are giving them too much compassion. We tell them every feeling that they have is valid. It's not every feeling that you have is not valid. I, I have to check myself, check my sisters. This is, this is the point in telling the truth is that it tells people, no, actually you need to regulate your emotions. I don't need to validate them. You need to regulate them. And somehow in the last 15 years, things completely changed. And we just said to people, every feeling and emotion that you have is valid. You know, I had this discussion with Dave Smith, it was off camera. I, we were just driving somewhere after economic podcast.


And he said to me, it's so important for men to call one another the P word. I, I'm just not saying it because I, I, even though it's kind of a, a cat word, You know, cat pcat, You know, and he said, growing up, it's very important for men to say that. Like, stop being a little p word. Stop being a little P word. And he said, the reason is because it signals to other men that this behavior that you're doing right now is not acceptable. It, it challenges them to be men. It says to them like, you, you need to be stronger, you need to be more assertive. And they need to hear that they need to call each other names and, and call each other, you know, gay and whatever it is, because it signals to them that the tribe is not gonna accept this sort of behavior. And I very much believe in that. And it is the, the same manner that when I am dealing with my children, I'm not, I don't tell them every feeling they have is valid.


The other weekend, actually, a week ago, rather, we have this thing in Tennessee. My my little three-year-old boy was terrified of ladybugs. Ladybugs. Now you might be thinking this, by the way, I should put this in perspective to make him look a little tougher than he is. It is not because ladybugs are not like when you live in Connecticut, in Tennessee, we get a season where they swarm, right? A swarm of it's basically an infestation. As soon as it starts to gets cold, there is nothing that is cute and innocent after there's 3000 of them suddenly around your house. It's, it's truly nothing. I mean, a swarm of anything is just always bad. And so, because there were so many, my 3-year-old son was just so upset about this and was like, I don't like ladybugs, I don't like ladybugs. And I said to him, stop it. You're not allowed to be afraid of ladybugs.


You know, this is like this easiest way that you can say, or the kindest way you can say to a 3-year-old man up. I said, your sister is not afraid of ladybugs. You're not allowed to be afraid of ladybugs. And this week he's not afraid of ladybugs. And suddenly we're picking up a ladybugs. We, we have to understand that this culture that we have fostered over the last 15 years is not working. Okay? These kids are privileged, never been told, no, they're whiny, they're bratty. So yes, condemn them, ridicule them because their parents have failed them. And that is all that I wanna say about that topic. Before we get into Meia, Trump dance. Trump dance. But first I gotta tell you about GoldCo, because gold has been used as a store of value for thousands of years. It's known as a safe haven asset in times of uncertainty.


And it has been breaking record after record this year. Many economists are predicting that it could skyrocket even higher. Right now, thousands of Americans are looking to precious metals like gold and silver to diversify their savings. Even central bank banks around the world are stocking up on gold. It is time that you learn more about what precious metals can do for you. Right now, the top rated precious metals company is GoldCo and they're offering a free gold and silver kit to arm you with the facts about how gold could potentially help safeguard your retirement. So visit Candace likes gold.com to get your copy of the 2025 gold and silver kit free of charge. Plus you could receive up to a 10% instant match on bonus silver for qualified accounts. Again, that's Candace likes gold.com, or you can call 8 5 5 2 2 2 gold today.


Alright, listen, Melania Trump, let me tell you background, I've met everybody in the Trump administration. I can tell you who the yays are, who the nays are, and this woman is a yay, okay? I got to watch the midterm election results with her. That was the closest I've ever been in lie Trump. And I had a little conversation with her, she's absolutely brilliant. She speaks like nine languages, but that she gives the press nothing. Just nothing. And so they write all these stories about her. I think she is like a secret weapon in the White House. Truly, I hope that she's always the one that's in Trump's ear because she has very good instincts about people and she stays away from people that she doesn't trust. Trust. All women are like this, by the way. We have very good gut instincts about people and she's always kind of looking out for her husband. And you just get a sense from her.


I, I guess the best way to describe it, she's very eastern European. Like she just has this, she's just cool in a way. Like she just is very cool and very reserved and very classy. And she's not gonna be in your face like, oh hi, like, I love you. You're so great. It's not gonna happen. She doesn't have the fakeness in her. She suffers from realness just from being so real. The press hates her. She's gotta suffer for it. Okay? So I just loved this. This is absolutely amazing. And it just really speaks to her character. So there is this custom, in case you're not aware of it, that essentially the president-elect is supposed to come and sit down with the current president in the Oval Office. And then at the same exact time, the first lady is supposed to be hosting the to be First Lady.


And they're supposed to have tea and they take a cheesy little picture and it's like, oh, we love each other. Even though like obviously they don't love each other at all. Particularly in a circumstance like today. Well, Melania Trump has said no to tea. She has said, no thank you. I will not be sitting down for tea with you. And I just love this because somebody in her camp spoke out to the New York Post, and this is the exact quotation that they gave them. They just said, she ain't going, she ain't going a source familiar with Melania Trump told the post, and I love this because why should she have to go? And these are the reasons that she listed. She listed it because her husband as in Jill Biden's husband, Joe Biden's, Joe Biden himself authorized, which he was allowed to do as the president.


He authorized the FBI to raid Mar-a-Lago, to go through her home and to snoop through her underwear drawer and humiliate them. Humiliate them because they just wanted to get Trump. She lives there, her son lives there. She watched her son have to ex what's going on suddenly being raided by the FBIA former president and first lady needing to berated. I mean, it's an absolute nonsense. So you did this, you snooped through her underwear draw. I mean the quotation that the, the person gave to the New York Post is quote, Jill Biden's husband authorized the FBI snooping through her underwear drawer. The Biden's are disgusting, okay? Jill Biden is not someone, Melania needs to meet the source added. I mean, where is the gangster music?


Seriously? Like she's just amazing for this because that is how any woman would feel after watching what he allowed his Department of Justice to put them through over the last four years. First and foremost, you stole the election 2020. So you took her house, she was living in the White House, you took that, you weren't supposed to be there. He had, so he then had to go out and win three times, okay? To get it back. He had to go out and win three times to be able to move them back into the, their, their home at the White House. Then, because you're salty, you authorized the DOJ to essentially harass them. And everywhere. By the way, I mean Leticia James up in New York, they have gone through nonstop harassment over the next four years hoping that they would harass them into silence and into compliance, trying to stop Trump from running again.


Because they knew, of course, that they didn't legitimately win in 2020. So they wanted to prevent him from running in 2024, right? If it can't beat him the first time, what makes Sneaky gonna be able to beat him the second time. And so for Melania to say, you know what, I'm not okay with this is so great. And beyond that, another reason that has been listed by some sources is they are saying that Melania was very suspicious when Jill Biden called her following Donald Trump's assassination attempt. Apparently Joe Biden called Melania and she said she was so sorry about it, but a couple of days before it, she was on air calling Trump evil, calling him a liar, and essentially doing what I believe is soft signaling to psychopaths that they can harm her husband. What is it I, I hate When the press removes themselves from the result of their words.


You know, they get up on there and they're like, oh, he's evil. He's literally Hitler. If he gets into the White House, then all will be lost. He's going to take away our tomorrows, he's a murderer, he's been vindictive, he's a rapist. And then someone goes out and goes, okay, I think I'm gonna, I'm gonna be a hero if I kill this literally Hitler person. And then all of a sudden the press goes, oh no Jill, Jill Biden gets to say, oh no, I know I said your husband was evil and a dictator two days ago. But we never would've wanted Matthew Crooks to shoot him as if whatever, goodbye. Get out of my face. Thank you Melania Trump. I just think this is such a a g move. You know what I mean?


Like she's just not someone who is gonna be fake. And so Melania Trump, we just, we just give it to you honestly. She wins all the awards today. Okay, so what else is the left absolutely having a meltdown about? Well, Donald Trump has announced his plans to abolish the Department of Education. Something I have been begging for since I hit the public sphere. I have been saying in my book, I have a whole section on in blackout about the Department of Education and how it has just been an abject failure. Here is Trump saying he's gonna shut it down, take a listen. And one other thing I'll be doing very early in the administration is closing up the Department of Education in Washington DC and sending all education and education work and needs back to the states.


We want them to run the education of our children because they'll do a much better job of it. You can't do worse. We spend more money per pupil by three times than any other nation. And yet we're absolutely at the bottom. We're one of the worst. So you can't do worse. We're going to end education coming out of Washington DC we're gonna close it up. All those buildings all over the place and yet people that in many cases hate our children, we're gonna send it all back to the states. Thank you very. Yeah, I don't think the Department of Education should be receiving $60 billion every single year given the results of the education that they have been mandating to students.


But there are some people, of course, who are already trying to signal to others that they should be fearful. And one such person is Bakari Sellers. I've actually debated him along many, many moons ago. I think unlike M-S-N-B-C, he is this attorney political commentator also served in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 2006 to 2014. Look at his tweet here in, in response to this, he writes, Trump just said he is going to eliminate the Department of Education. He didn't give you a how or what happens with the necessary funding for your children that come department. He just gonna put locks on the doors. Y'all voted for these next four years. Oh yeah, actually that's exactly what I voted for.


So I tweeted this back at him. I said, I said, yeah, this is exactly what I voted for. The Department of Education has been an abject failure since its inception in 1970. I meant to write 1979. It is systematically making students dumber. Each generation, you likely know this since you are currently appealing to mid wis who will wrongly assume that abolishing federalized education means no more access to school. Either that or you yourself wrongly believe that to be so and are unwittingly proving why it ought to be abolished. So you have this weird thing where people are learning nothing in school, it's, it's just becoming one big present. And obviously these are turning into little indoctrination centers, Marxist indoctrination centers and that as it was intended to because the people who established and pushed for federalized education were quite literally communists that were coming from Germany and coming from Russia at the time.


And they wanted to just set up Soviet propaganda, right? And so there's this wrong belief and I really wanna correct you in case you, in case you're one of these people that believe this, that we keep getting smarter maybe 'cause we're holding a smartphone. We're like, oh, we must be getting smarter and smarter with every generation. We are factually, If you look at the metrics, getting dumber and dumber and dumber. So there's no metrics somebody can produce to you that will say prove that the Department of Education has been a success. Because it simply hasn't been, and everyone knows this, even the NAACP filed a complaint with the US Department of Education over literacy levels because every generation, less and less students are even knowing how to read.


They're not even learning how to read due to the intentional drive. By the way, I wanna tell you of the Department of Education. 'cause that was their goal. Their goal was to turn us back into slaves slowly. What were slaves not allowed to do? Learn how to read. So imagine how brilliant it is, how Machiavellian is If you say, no, no, no, everyone's learned how to a lot learn a lot to learn how to read. We're gonna put you all in this department beneath the Department of Education, we're gonna federalize education and then you teach them nothing. You do weird things like now when the kids are learning math, what is that new math program called? One of you guys speak to me in my ear? Common Core? Is that what it is? Yeah. Common core math. And you watch a kid who can't like, it's like 22 steps to solve something that he should be able to just solve in his heads.


It's it's, it's all about actually making kids dumber slowly until they're reverted back into slaves on a government plantation. But anyways, watch this clip 'cause it's the NAACP even admitting that nobody knows how to read anymore. Take a listen. This NAACP filing a complaint with the US Department of Education over what they call a literacy crisis. The group says students across the region, especially black kids, are falling behind in reading recent data from 2022 shows. St. Louis is more than three grade levels below the national reading average. And students and metro similar in size to St. Louis are performing at higher levels. It is also our findings is that the literacy level of children, especially those in the inner city areas, a high poverty areas, there's a direct linkage between crime and literacy.


The Department of Education will mediate between the NAACP and the local districts. But in the meantime, the NAACP is asking the public to support existing reading programs and help create new initiatives to help kids read in the metro. So here are some updated statistics. Ready? This is according to the National Assessment of Educational Pro progress. It sounds like more stuff that our tax dollars are going to, that we don't need. 84% of black students, 84% of black students lack proficiency in mathematics. 85% of black students lack profic proficiency in reading skills. In California, 90% of students cannot do math or read.


Well, in New York, the numbers are 85% and 82%. In Illinois, it's 86% and 85%. In Texas, the numbers are 84%. In 89%. Marilyn sits at 86% for math and 80% for reading. South Carolina, 90% and 87%, I mean abject failure. But actually I would actually say it's been a success because this is what they desire. They do not want people to be intelligent. They want them to be emotional fools. They want them to behave like toddlers throwing temper tantrums. And I want to show you this, I know I've mentioned a few times, but I really wanted to read it to you guys today. So they have, they, they tell you that in order to be educated, you gotta go to college, you gotta be smart.


And like I said, you can just go back and read the writings of people before there was Department of Education before they, there was even standard school. Okay? This is a Civil war letter that was written by a 17-year-old, a 17-year-old, okay? His name was Langdon L Rum. And he's writing this letter to his father. He writes this, my dear father, yours of the fifth came safely to hand yesterday. And I was glad to learn that all things at home were getting along smooth and well. I also received a letter from Aunt M by male dated the second all, but grandmother, she says, are, well we are faring much better than at first we get more and better food, which is about all soldiers care for. I took a sale today on a little skiff, went near the US steamer y and dot and about 150 yards of Pickens.


And then out in the Gulf about five miles to where the other US ships run, anchor the Brooklyn, St. Louis and Sabine are much larger than the Y and dot. And she carries 6.64 pounds. When we were coming back, the wind began to rise and the green waves to roll the boat came near dipping water. Two or three times I began to feel kind squally. No fight is apprehended now and all seem to be well pleased. However, we, we have to work on our sand batteries daily. Sundays not accepted. I mean, hello, that's a 17-year-old, a 17-year-old in the Civil War writing that letter to his father. If you challenged 17 year olds across America state to write a letter to their father, do you think that's what it would sound like?


That's my question to you. And the obvious answer is no. So please stop believing this idea that because we're becoming more technologically advanced, that we are becoming more intellectual because we are not, we are becoming very dumb. I mean we are stupid guys. I'm telling you, when you take a look at everything that is happening, you go, wow, how Machiavellian to establish a department of education call it something that it's, it's explicitly not actually it is a department of no education. All feelings, no facts, no knowledge. And then they send the elites to different schools so that they learn so that they can just kind of, you know, pass the baton. And they know that those elites will be the ones running the world while the rest of us are going to be enslaved by them. But don't let me get off on a tangent.


Lemme get off on a tangent. Let me instead tell you about American Financing before I show you this remarkable clip of Joy Reed. Okay? The Fed has dropped interest rates, so you need to call my friends in American Financing today. Now is the perfect time to consolidate debt and reduce your monthly expenses. A lot of us have been forced to use credit cards 'cause of the ridiculous prices at the grocery store power and to even childcare. That debt can get really expensive with credit card rates being so high. But with mortgage rates dropping, now is the time to wipe that debt out. American Financing is helping homeowners just like you save over a hundred dollars a month on average they're even closing some and as fast as 10 days. And If you start today, you may delay two mortgage payments. There are no upfront fees. Pardon? To find out how much you can save, just call American Financing today.


The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can just visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Okay? Actually, I wanna honorably mention before we get to the amazing, always amazing and by always amazing, I mean a complete moron, joy Reed. I wanna mention the Stomp Pompeo movement has been a success. So If you guys have been following this, of course we all got Trump over the finish line. Now there is concern about his cabinet picks and whether or not they are going to be neocons people that essentially are just very obviously going to serve the deep state, the CIA and going to get us into another war. It's very obvious that war is on the menu. They're giving us a few appetizers blaming Iran for everything everywhere.


Kinda like Russia, Russia, Russia. And they want war with Iran very quickly. So paying attention to who he's going to name as his defense secretary as a Secretary of State, those are very important picks, right? So somehow Pompeo's name was being floated crazy. Now in case you don't know why, Pompeo is indeed a psychopath and a part of the deep state. You can't say and pledge that you're going to drain the swamp If you're gonna pick a swamp creature like Pompeo. Here is Tucker Carlson on Joe Rogan reminding the world of what exactly it was that Mike Pompeo took part in. Take a listen. I spoke to someone who'd seen the documents, okay? Two years ago. And I got, this is about JF by the way, which is yes, the CI was involved and by C-I-A-C-I is a huge organization.


But James, Jesus Angleton, the head of the operations directorate, had knowledge of this, which I think is well known, but that that's the view of someone who saw the documents. So I thought that was new. So I went on TV and said that the next day, I'll never forget it, I went quail hunting and I was driving back and I got a phone call from Mike Pompeo's lawyer. Mike Pompeo was the Secretary of State, but before then he was the director of the CIA. And in that position, he plotted the murder of Julian Assange. So he's a criminal as far as I'm concerned. But his lawyer called me and said, you know, you should know that anyone who tells you the contents of classified documents has committed a crime.


He's threatening me, is in my car, I'll never, with my dog sitting next to him, I'll never forget this. And I said, are, are you really saying that to reveal that the US government had a role in the murder of a democratically elected president? To say that out loud, that's the crime. What about the actual crime, which is murdering a president? Like you're covering up for that. Mike Pompeo say that he had no, no response at all. And so Mike Pompeo is the one who pressed Trump to keep those documents secret. And so it's like, what's crazy to me is not just that Pompeo did that. I think Pompeo is a really sinister person and a and a criminal. I think that, I think that because the facts suggest that he was caught.


Yahoo News, Micah Isikoff wrote a long piece on this several years ago. His employees went to Mike Isikoff and said, Hey, Mike Pompeo was plotting to murder Julian Assange, who's never even been charged with a crime in the United States as CI director, that's illegal. You're not allowed, federal employees are not allowed to just kill people they don't like. Okay, just, just set the baseline here. So that's who Mike Pompeo is. But he somehow intimidated Trump into not releasing this. Well, okay, that's all bad, right? I think it's criminal behavior. What's crazy is how Mike Pompeo is treated. He's treated as like a Republican puba in good standing. He fully expects to become the Secretary of Defense in a Trump administration, which is like completely insane.


Why would you a criminal and give him nuclear weapons? Okay, that's my view. I think it's a common sense view. And like he goes to fundraisers and dinners and everyone's like, Hey Mike Pompeo. It's like, no, you are the guy who kept information. The public has a right to no secret. You are the guy who plotted the murder of someone who committed no crime. You are the outlaw, you are the bad guy. But no, he's treated as like, you know, like a pillar of Republican Washington. I think that's, I think it's mind bending to watch that It is mind bending to watch that. I mean, show of hands, If you believe the CIA is a group of serial killers that are allowed to get away with it because they have now made themselves a government agency.


My hands up, my hands up, everything I've read, everything I've learned. We were talking about a group of psychopathic serial killers who are engaged in the worst crimes, not just a home, but also abroad. And they are infested. I mean there's absolutely infesting Washington DC an infestation there. And they have a, they've used their psychopathic tendencies to put a lot of people blackmail, a lot of people into submission. And So it is is extremely alarming what Tucker is saying, that it's extremely alarming that he was even on the shortlist, and this is what we're understanding from the press, maybe it's incorrect, but that his name had been floated and you had people NeoCon saying like, he's gonna be, he's definitely going to be in that position that he's gonna be come the defense secretary of a secretary of State. And then Trump came out and said that that wasn't true.


And there was obviously a celebration, like a, a small win. But then we're wondering who is he gonna put in his place, in his, I guess this vacant seat. Dave Smith tweeted this on the stop, the success of the Stomp Poeo movement. And I think he really hit it right. He wrote the stomp, the Stop Pompeo movement is great, but it's not enough right now. We need maximum pressure to keep all neocons and warhawks outta the Trump administration. They have had their time at the table and brought nothing but disaster to the world and this country America first screw the war machine. Totally agree with that. And now it is being alleged that he's thinking about Marco Rubio again begs the question, why, why can't he go with someone who has an isolationist perspective? Why doesn't he pick someone like Thomas Massey?


If we are really going to be leading the charge and saying that we're America first, we should have people who we know are like died in the wool isolationist America first people. And I believe people like Thomas Massey should be filling all of these slots. And so, you know, there is some concern here about whether or not the Trump campaign has been infiltrated because people that are neocons and hate Trump are saying that they have successfully infiltrated in private circles. I I've heard about this from their assistants, that they're kind of bragging and giving each other high fives and essentially saying that they're going to be in charge of cabinet picks because of whoever it is that has Trump's ear. And I'm not sure who that person is, but I'll let you know that when I find out I'll be the first, first one to out them and I am on the case.


All Right guys. Now I did wanna do a follow up last week we were kind of grappling, trying to understand how it is that Kamala Harris' campaign was $20 million in debt. And I sort of asked the question, you know, has she been like paying all of these celebrities to come out and support her? But now I gotta show you this clip 'cause it's just hilarious. Joy Reed. She is just a special breed of stupid. She really is. She really, it's incredible. It's fascinating. I hope she is forever on the airwaves because she rather incredulously claims that Kamala ran a flawless campaign and she has proof, she has, has proof that it was flawless. Take a listen. And, and I think it's important to say that you know, anyone who has experienced or been in the United States for any period of time and experienced this country's history and knows it cannot have believed that it would be easy to elect a woman president, let alone a woman of color.


Let's just be clear. And nothing that was true yesterday about how flawlessly this campaign was run is not true. Now, I mean, this really was an historic flawlessly run campaign. She had Queen Latifah never endorses anyone. She came out and endorses, You know, I mean she had every prominent celebrity voice. She had the, she had the, the Taylor Swifty, she had the swifties, she had the beehive. Like you could not have run a better campaign in that short period of time. And I think that's still true, Man, guys, I mean read Therum. I don't understand. How did she not win? She had so many billionaires coming out and saying like, definitely vote for her.


And she had the swifties, she, Taylor Swift came out, Beyonce came out and blessed her with her presence. She had Oprah. Like how did she lose? I'm so confused. It's just amazing. I I mean it truly is just amazing to see this. And by the way, as a follow up, it is, we were grappling with how the campaign ended $20 million in debt after losing the race. And it turns out that they had spent over a billion dollars in 90 days. And according to the reports, they're looking into what she spent the money on. Kamala Harris spent six figures building the set for Kamala's appearance on the call her daddy podcast with Alex Cooper. Remember like the, the podcast that she constantly talks about sex And Kamala elected to do that.


Nobody knows why. Obviously she realized that her market was that speaking about abortion. And indeed they did speak about abortion. Well look at that set ladies and gentlemen, let's show 'em again. Look at that $100,000 set that she built. Why, why First and foremost, if you're gonna have that being done, wouldn't you expect that Alex was gonna pick up the bill that, that she was gonna pick up the bill? Nope, nope. Kamala and them said No, we're gonna build a special set for this and make it happen to make it look like she's in a warm living room. They did that. Another big ticket item was they spent $15 million on event production towards the celebrity performance like the election Eve rally with Ka Perry and Lady Gaga and Ricky Martin.


It's likely that they got paid out of that and she also paid $1 million to Harper Productions, which is owned by Oprah Winfrey because Oprah did a town hall with Kamala Harris. $1 million. I wanna be Oprah. Can someone pay me a million dollars for an endorsement? Come on, just gimme a million dollars for endorsement. I'm, I'm like, This is crazy. This is stupid money and it didn't work. That's the craziest part. None of it worked to, to the shock and astonishment of Joy Reed, who really is just such a genius. Like, like I didn't work. I don't know. I wonder how much Taylor Swift got. Who knows? Nobody knows for that post. I guess she could have charged tens of millions of dollars for it. Ladies and gentlemen. They just cannot see themselves.


They, they, they really are just living on another planet from us or I can't wait. I'm so looking forward to reading all of your comments. I just first wanna tell you guys update on Australia. So you know that my visa was unilaterally banned by one man, Tony Burke. While we are appealing that we are going through the court process, If you purchased a ticket to our Australia and New Zealand shows, you don't have to get rid of them. We have already confirmed all of the new tour dates and we're gonna do that in Q1 of next year. So just visit the websites and you'll see the new tour dates and we're still coming to the exact same places. And so if you're able to accommodate those tour dates, you do not have to return your tickets. I feel good about our chances at an appeal. I feel good First and foremost. 'cause Trump is now president and countries banning people for speech reasons I don't think is going to fly.


You can see that his, him being reelected has sort of sent a strong message to the rest of the world. A I also just feel good because it just seems like it, it was a wake up call to Australians. They, I mean they have really hit back. Somebody even put up a give, send go that's raised like $20,000 to help with our appeal costs, which is absolutely amazing. So I wanna thank you guys for that. But we are still coming to New Zealand and Australia. We're just bumping that tour to the beginning of next year so that we can take time and filing our appeal, which we have filed actually, and we're just waiting to get a, an official court date. So I'll keep you guys updated here. Alright, do you owe back taxes? Pandemic Relief is now over along with hiring thousands of new agents and field officers.


The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Do not waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends, obviously. Tax Network USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal, they can help you. Even If you have the means to pay or you are on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a private free consultation. Or you can visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Again, that's tn usa.com/ Candace.


All Right guys, I'm so excited to read your comments. I have so much to say. I can't, I mean, I really could just do the show for two hours right now, but I'm just gonna save some more stuff tomorrow. There's more topics I wanna cover. Either the blue purple head lady showing up at Nick Fuentes door. He apparently pepper sprayed her. I have thoughts about that, but I'm gonna have to wait until tomorrow. I also, there's so many topics I I'm not gonna get to today. This is what happens when we, when we miss a Monday. But let's see what you guys are saying down here in the comments. Julie May writes, just when you think it can't get more absurd, it gets more absurd regarding the four B movement. Yeah, it is an, you know, another name for it is an extinction movement. It doesn't really matter if you're just gonna extinct yourselves. Darwinism is a thing. So I invite them to it, but I really do think we have to stop with the compassion and, and just start telling people your behavior is not acceptable.


Like in this tribe of humanity, your behavior is animalistic. It's odd, it's weird and there's no place for you here. A DFU writes, compassion ridicule can't be used against leftist lunatics. It enables and demonizes, which fuels them, disregard or ignore them. These people feed off of ego. Trauma is used as a right to enter the discord. I hear your perspective, but I disagree. I I think it largely is because there is always someone telling them it's okay. And we have become too scared at really so much. We have been so silenced. We have been the silent majority when they are coming at us with all these new terms, and I'm a mermaid and I'm this, and we're being, we essentially got bullied into silence and we're like, you guys are the weird ones for being so normal.


And I'm kind of like, hmm, I'm thinking that we need to go back to reminding them or like, we're not gonna accept this essentially. And compassion should be reserved for people that actually deserve compassion, not for lunatics, raving lunatics that, that wanna run our society. Ash Bash writes, women are claiming to be oppressed. A rock is trying to lower the age of consent to nine. You are not the same praying for those little girls. Yeah, it's, it is such a, a contrast here where women here just want to claim oppression. I think really. 'cause it's easy. It's very easy. It makes you so that you can kind of offset all the personal responsibility in your life. And then you travel beyond the United States or beyond the West and you see who other people are going through and you just go, it kind of makes you resent American women a bit, right?


I I can feel sometimes why I just really resent the remarkable privilege that people have that they can wait in line and raise their hands and ask to be oppressed. It's just, it's a nonsense. Mrs. Susie writes, can you put it on a shirt? I don't need to validate your feelings. You need to regulate them. Yeah, I probably should put that on a t-shirt. That is, that is just the reality. I I'm not here to validate. You must learn to regulate. SCAD writes thoughts on liberal black women not supporting Palestine anymore after election results because Arabs and Muslims didn't vote for Kamala. That is the new TikTok trend. I have not seen that at all. So I'm gonna have to check that out before I can give you any thoughts on that. That is very interesting. Sarah writes, the women that fall for the anti-men narrative are the same women who will believe the antichrist.


I believe it. I think that it's, it's all a piece of it, right? I mean, what could be more antithetical to Christ than being against family? You know? So essentially honoring child sacrifice in the form of like a nine month term abortions. This hating family, wanting to disrupt the nuclear family unit, hating men, hating masculinity. I mean, yeah, they, these people obviously have been possessed by a demon of sorts and you can blame tons of people for contributing to the growth of that demon. But at the end of the day that it, it does need to be absolved. A lot of these women just need good old fashioned exorcisms. They need a priest. Ivy writes, I live in England. My 11-year-old daughter told me in school they were learning about Hitler. Her teacher said he was racist.


Just like Trump. I'm going there tomorrow to complain. How dare they? Yes, Ivy, whoop, whoop. I have already said, I just wish somebody would at school say something like this, I wish I was you, Ivy. I can't wait to go to school when somebody does like something like this to my kids. I just can't wait to put on a little backpack and walk with my, my son and my daughter and be like, I gotta go talk to the principal every day. Every day. We have to be the parents that stand up to this and say, enough is enough. Because we know there are a lot of wackadoodle teachers out there. There are good teachers, but there are also some whackadoodles out there. And there're going to be allowed to be in, in teaching your daughters, teaching your sons ripping them away from you when they're allowed to give their personal political perspectives rather than just teaching them hard academics. Your job is to teach them math in science, not feelings.


Anir writes, Candace, please shut out my friend Monique from Australia. Monique, hello Monique, she loves you. Also have on Scott Horton. He is a gem. Yes. He's actually on my list of people to get on. I have a long list and he's on the short list. Lastly, this person writes, Candace, how come you're not our UN ambassador for Israel? Yeah, I tweeted that. It's so crazy. Just crazy. Trump announced, I think Mike Huckabee is gonna be the ambassador to Israel. So he just went right over my head. I really thought that I had to have been on the list and I, I honestly thought I was gonna be the pick. And so learning that today was deeply disappointing. It's very sad. I just think it just would've been a really nice place for me and I can obviously, I think people would've been very happy to see me in that position, but I guess it wasn't in the cards.


It's for me, you guys. Alright, that is all the time that we have for today, guys. Don't forget to like us here. Subscribe. Thank you so much for 3 million. By the way, that was our personal goal. It was my personal goal that I kind of put upon my team. I was like, guys, we have to get 3 million subscribers because that was like my old channel. I had just passed that metric when I got Faya from a Daily Wire and I was like, no, I want my channel, I want my channel back. But they had the rights to it legally. And So I made it my personal goal. I was like, let's get to 3 million subscribers and try to do it within six months, which would've been until like January 12th. And instead we did it in just shy of five months. And I just love you guys so much for that.


So thank you for those of you guys that are following us on YouTube for following us on on Rumble. Our audience is growing there on Spotify. You've kept us at the top of the charts. I'm just obsessed with you guys. I'm obsessed with you. I love you so much and I'm gonna see you guys tomorrow.