
All Right guys, we are back after a tremendous episode yesterday. Unbelievable. I think we're gonna actually cross a million views in less than 24 hours, which is just impressive. Impressive mostly because I think the majority of people have this perception that the public is too stupid or lacks substance to deal with complex issues. They think that everybody is just so surface. And so a lot of times in media, you're encouraged not to talk about anything of substance, like just be outraged at the Olympics and say, oh, what's going on? Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And don't get any deeper than that. and I went deeper yesterday because I felt that it was the right moment. and I very much trust my audience.


And now I realize that there is so much that just like me, a couple of years ago, I didn't know a lot of this stuff, and then I did the research, then I wanted to know all of it. I see that you guys have that exact same yearning, and so today I'm not going to let you down. We are going to continue that most important discussion. So welcome back to Candace. I would probably say that within my life, telling the truth has always come very easily to me. In fact, I think I've, I've always sort of demanded to have an honest discussion, even from the time that I was a small child.


I get that question all the time from people, you know, how did you learn how to public speak? Where do you get the confidence? And especially now that I have three kids, you can just see that everyone's wired in a different way when they're born. and I was just wired to want to know the truth without being fooled into it in any capacity. So, I, I guess an example of this would just be, my parents would always say that they had to sort of close the door and laugh when I was a toddler because I was constantly asking them questions like I was just this precocious child. And I was, feel like I was always looking out for my sisters in the same capacity, like telling them that this adult couldn't be trusted or they wouldn't telling us, they weren't telling us the truth over something that probably was completely meaningless.


But I, I think it just spoke to my natural character. And so when I got into politics and I recognized that the same thing was happening, that people were reaching this level of popularity where they suddenly felt that they just wanted to stay comfortable and they were no longer reaching to reveal the truth to their audiences. It was a tremendous letdown for me. Genuinely was a tremendous letdown for me. And so yesterday's episode didn't come without thought. you know, it, it was something, it was a discussion rather, that I was having with my family, with my sisters, with my husband, when I started stumbling upon deeper and deeper truth and much fit, just being so obscured from the public. You know, should we bring this forward?


Do we wanna be the people that bring this forward? Do we wanna be the people that put our lives at risk, that put our reputation at risk? and I? Just know that there has been a lot that's been happening in the world, but I, I felt very much that the signs were there, that the public was ready and that I was ready to sort of deliver this information. And So, I wanna, I wanna jump right back into that discussion that we were having really about spiritualism. And I'm gonna use a, not a current event, but a recent current event that happened a couple of years ago. You'll remember this because I think it was, might have been the craziest moment from 2022. So Kyrie Irving at the time, he still might be a basketball player on the, for the Brooklyn Nets, tweeted a link to a documentary absent commentary.


He didn't tweet this and say, I agree with this. He didn't tweet this and say like, I disagree with this. He just tweeted a link to a readily available documentary that was on Amazon and he said nothing. And the next thing you knew, he was a mainstream story and he was at risk of losing his job as a basketball player. And the title of the documentary was from Hebrews, from Hebrews, pardon to Negroes. And if he had just tweeted it in the media didn't react with such insanity, probably no one would've watched it. I'm, I'm serious. Like it, it was a nothing thing. but they made such a big deal out of it that I remember watching the situation go down and going, okay, what is in this documentary that people are freaking out so much that the NBA has given him?


You'll recall this, A list of six demands, a list of six action items that he must complete in order to return to the franchise. Okay? Absurd. Do you remember this headline that was, that was going on? This is what Kyrie Irving must do to get his life back for having tweeted out a link to a documentary that's available on Amazon, not Jeff Bezos, but Kyrie Irving is at not Jeff Bezos for making it readily available on Amazon. The first set of things that he had to do, the first thing he had to do was he had to issue an apology for posting a link to the movie, condemn the harmful and false content, and make it clear that he does not have anti-Jewish beliefs. Secondly, he had to complete the anti hate causes that the Irving and the Nets and the a DL, I'll keep that topic.


We're gonna talk about more of the A DL today agreed upon in their joint release, which included a $500,000 donation toward causes and organizations that worked to eradicate hate and intolerance in communities. He was then told he had to complete sensitivity training created by the Nets. He was then told he had to complete anti-Semitic anti hate training designed by the Nets and meet with representatives from the A DL as well as Jewish community leaders in Brooklyn. And the last one was, after completing steps one through five, he had to meet with the owner of the Nets, Josiah, and lead franchise officials and demonstrate the lessons that he learned. Okay, so this was just like a whipping, a public whipping.


It made entirely no sense. and don don't think he actually ended up doing any of that, because then there was outrage and outcry, rightfully so from the black community going, what are you doing right now? What did he do that was so wrong? And of course, 'cause of the way my brain works when I see the media overreact, I just go, what's in this documentary? I mean? I, I think that's called the Stre Effect. Like when you go so crazy about something that people wouldn't have noticed, then suddenly they go, okay, well what is, what am I not supposed to see in this documentary? and I of course, instantly watched it and it was by the way, very poorly put together, which is why it made it even crazier. It seems like a very budget film that was put together. It looks almost like a PowerPoint to be honest. and I remember watching this going, how could this documentary have caused this much craziness in the media? And then I realized that the point of the documentary that it was making that upset, and this is why he, the a DL got involved, was he the, the documentary makers that is were alleging that the current Jewish people that are in Israel are not in fact the Biblical Jews.


And instead that the people that were brought over in the transatlantic Atlantic slave slave trade from Africa to America were the original Hebrews. Okay? So parking aside whether or not you agree with that, I have obviously no idea. How strange is it that that would cause that sort of a reaction? And we live in a time where a man can say he's a woman, and a woman can say that she's a man. You can quite literally wake up and pick your gender and pick your species and people will be affectionate towards you. They, they feel so bad for you. They have sympathy. It's like, we must do more to support these communities. They're not confused as who they are on the inside. But for Kyrie Irving, there was no grace.


It was like, no, this is, this is so wrong and you're gonna lose your entire life for even exploring that idea. What it led me to think was, it is quite sad when you consider that so many of us have no idea where we come from. Like that to me was the bigger point. That there are so many people on this planet who have no idea where they come from. I'm one of them. I can't go back beyond a couple of generations. And the reason for that is because of war. It's because of slavery. It's because of large human trafficking efforts that take place. And typically it's because, well, how does it happen? 'cause you, you should know, we should be able to say exactly which tribe we all came from in the Bible.


Because you would just think your relative then tells their descendant and tells their descendant and tells their descendant forever. And they could, we could just look at our family history and go, yeah, my great great great, great, great, great, great. All the going back Bible, this was us. But we can't do that because you have situations where like a bomb is dropped and like one kid survives. There's no, it doesn't even have a memory of his child, his father or his mother. You have people that were separated as African Americans were when they were first brought away from Africa. Black Americans separated from their families being treated all across quite literally no memory. I mean I have part in my family. My grandfather's grandmother was fully Native American.


I wish I could learn more about the Cherokee Native Americans and her given name 'cause they made them change their names in North Carolina was like Eliza, my grandmother's, my grandfather's grandmother I know nothing about her. And there's something about that that's spiritually very wrong. And like I said, everybody across the world has, has gone through this. It's, there's something that puts us in a very vulnerable state when we don't know where we come from. Now why am I saying this to you? I wanna show you this clip that I saw circling on Instagram from a guy named Manley P Hall. He was, he, I don't think he's alive anymore.


He was a Canadian author, a lecturer and an astrologer. And he said something that I thought it was up quite a lot of substance. Take a listen to it. The average person who goes to school has no idea why humanity exists. He has no idea concerning a spiritual factor in material existence. He has no general comprehension of the rules of life as these differ from the rules of social and political structures. He does not know where he came from. He does not know why he is here and he has no idea where he is going. And now this compound ignorance, we offer degrees and make brilliant scholars of the people who have never answered any of those questions.


It is one of these amazing things that we have created a great hierarchy of well lettered ignorance. We have made everything subservient, not to wisdom, but to the passing advantages of the hour. If, you don't know where you came from. you know, you know nothing. I mean that's the reality when when he says that we parked aside wisdom and replaced it with something else, that is the truth. that is what comes from ancestry. There's a certain wisdom that comes from ancestry, which is why it becomes important to understand, well, if we don't know history, we know nothing. Everything is becoming an ever present. What if there was a group of people who could quite literally knowing every single name trace, or maybe there is, maybe there's more than one per group of people who can do this straight back to the Bible.


Like that would be so impressive and they would have so many answers and they would truly have a leg up in life. And this was something that also crossed my mind by the way. When Vladimir Putin sat down with Tucker Carlson and one of my friends Mike Cernovich tweeted this, you know, this mass media freak up. It did not want Americans to hear what Lyman Putin had to say. And he starts out with this, you know, in the seventh century. And then he starts walking through Russian history like literally started beginning in the seventh century. And Mike Cernovich remarked that Americans have no concept of these blood FETs that could quite literally be dating all the way back to seventh century. Like what he is describing Vladimir Putin that is between Ukraine and Russia, he is saying is something that began in the seventh century that is quite impressive.


Again, not something that Americans could quite imagine least of all when so much of our education is fake. Right? Let's talk about Wikipedia. That's just one example. Wikipedia virtually exists not to actually tell you anything historically, but to obscure things historically by like the slight removal of certain facts. They are able to realize that most people don't have a memory of things that have happened, let's call it even 50 years ago. And all they have to do is keep updating entries and wipe away a few things and they can give you an entirely new narrative. And it has been long understood that the a DL has been effectively running. That's why I bring up the A DL again handing Kyrie's demands. They've been running 80, they've been running Wikipedia so much that now Wikipedia finds it offensive.


So this is a recent article in Hare that's an Israel based newspaper where they are saying the a DL faces a Wikipedia ban over reliability concerns on Israel and antisemitism. The A-D-L-A-D-L no longer appears to a adhere to a serious mainstream and intellectually Cogan definition of anti-Semitism cogen definition of antisemitism. So what they're based saying is like they're just putting their feelings in there and they're saying a lot of stuff. But I think it's funny that they, that the Wikipedia is saying that that just recently happened. No, it's always been that way. and I gave you that example yesterday. If we knew the history of the A DL, if we could learn that on Wikipedia, no one would support the A DL because the a DL factually speaking Okay, was founded to protect a pedophile named Leo Frank.


This is very relevant. And by the way, I had a wonderful discussion yesterday with this Jewish PhD, a professor named and a writer named Dovid Bash Fakin on Twitter because he saw, he heard about my episode talking about Seism and I guess he assumed that I was gonna say like this is what Jews worship. and I was actually saying the exact opposite. So I messaged him privately on Twitter. And we had this wonderful back forth speaking about how Jewish people and Christians actually need to unite and to do the research and to root out these satanic people that have infiltrated both of our faiths, including the Muslim, the, the Islamic faith as well. There has been an infiltration. And so we were having this back forth and we were, I was talking to him, speaking to him about these franca and how they literally came to America.


And the evidence of that is everywhere. And particularly, yes, this is how the a DL was born. They were born of Bonai Beith. Bonai Beith was this free mason chapter that was based in Atlanta. And Leo Frank was the president of that chapter. He was incredibly wealthy. He ran a local pencil factory during Passover of 1913. He viciously raped and murdered a young Catholic girl named Mary Fagan. Okay, now this I am bringing up again because this is something that If you are Jewish and you're interested in history. This is something that you could read a book on and I think that it would plant a seed for you.


That there are people that are purporting to be Jewish, that are lying to you about things that have happened historically and getting you to defend these horrific people. Like Leo Frank was a horrific person on this false idea that what happened to Leo Frank was evidence of antisemitism. In fact, there's no evidence when you actually read the facts of his case that anything that happened to him was anti-Semitic. And yet If, you look up this entry on M Leo Frank Case on Wikipedia, again, the ADLs controlled it forever. They are still trying to shift the blame of this horrific murder, which I believe was a ritualistic murder that took place. 'cause I believe that he was a frankest, he descended from Jacob Frank. They are still trying to sell to the public that it's plausible that the black janitor did it.


that is explicitly racist, okay? You have to be a moron. And I'm, I'm saying this with love in my heart to believe that in 1913 Atlanta, okay, in the segregated south, that the judicial system decided to collude right, to protect a black janitor, a poor black janitor who raped and killed a white girl. Like that is just, that never happened at the 80 LDL is still trying to sell it because when you get into this case, you recognize that they are an evil organization. And it's terrifying to think that this evil organization who in my view does not support Jewish people at all.


That's not a, that is not their purpose. In fact, like I said, I believe that they're a frankest organization as be Evans by the fact that the A DL right decided to remove the OV battalion. Yeah. The ones that are carving swastikas into their bodies. The neo-Nazi OV battalion in Ukraine, well, they conveniently removed them from the hate list when suddenly they, they wanted to get behind the war in Ukraine, okay? A person that would remove literal, actual verifiable neo-Nazis that have carved swastikas into their forehead from the hate list in order to further zelensky purposes are probably not looking out for the best interests of the Jewish people.


Right? So that's just a little nugget for you guys. Look into that case and recognize that only was Leo Frank, incredibly wealthy. They were essentially running this town again, he was the factory, the person, the superintendent of the factory. His wife was an unbelievably wealthy, wealthy woman. There's a picture of him right there. He looks evil to me, okay? Named Lucille Selig If, you think with all of that money and all of that power. And he tried to blame it on multiple people, multiple people, not just this poor black band and janitor. But there was so much evidence, the evidence was so overwhelming that when that little girl that to pick up her paycheck, that he got her into the office, he lured her into there, raped her, and then killed her, and then tried to get the janitor to write a letter so that he could offset his crime onto a poor black man.


Again, so overwhelming that you would just be like, what is going on? And there's little tidbits of course are not included in the Wikipedia entry. Like the fact that they hated Christians. They did, okay, that's a fact. You can actually look at this book that was written as the comprehensive account of the Leo Frank Case by a man named Leonard Stein. And he shows this passage that Leo Frank's mother stood up and had an outburst in the middle of the hearing referring to them as the Christian dogs. Mrs. Frank, no, nor you either you Christian dog conveniently missing again from the Wikipedia entry because the a DL of course is obscuring its own history.


They also were involved in a lot of criminality involvement. The FBI was looking into them. And yet today, remarkably the a DL trains FBI agents, how could that be? How could it be that an organization that was being looked into for factually wire tapping people that was being looked into, now suddenly they wipe their own history and they're training FBI agents. Not only that, but we they share a building in Connecticut with the FBI. Does that make you comfortable knowing what I've just told you about the A DL, that that that this would be happening and obviously we got to see them flex their power when it came to TikTok. you know, Trump couldn't get it done when he signed an executive order saying, I'm worried about China, we should ban TikTok.


What? But when the a DL wanted to do it, yeah, like I mean it took a day, a couple of phone calls, maybe some blackmail files. I don't know. I don't, I have no idea. But it's just incredible to see that people just got in line and were, were willing to go. Yeah, no, no, we should instantly, we should definitely ban TikTok. Now the reason why I'm speaking to you about this is to, is twofold, because it's very important for us to understand that again, the job is to not just delete your ancestral history via never ending wars, moving people around large human trafficking operations, but to also create that 1984 scenario where essentially you don't have a memory of yesterday, everything's just to become like an ever present, right?


People are not even learning how to read the establishment of, of public education, federal education, the Department of Education, and now kids are getting dumber and dumber and dumber and they're just gonna tell people what to think. Of course, making it so that people react emotionally and not rationally. You're not gonna be able to access books, you're not gonna be able to, to read these books. Everything is just going to be an ever present and the state is going to tell you what to think. They're going to enslave humanity, in my view, in this way. And one thing, and this is a big thing by the way, so I'm really hoping that a lot of people who are Jewish are watching this as well. That struck me as really odd when I was learning about Seism. And this really shocked me in my core, because I've always told you guys, I grew up with a lot, a large Jewish community.


All my best friends are Jewish growing up. And I've always seen like the star of David that is a lot of Jewish people aware I and Necklace, you know, and I thought that that was associated traditionally somehow with Judaism and So I was very surprised. And I'll ask the question, do you know the history of the star of David? Why, why is it being called the star of David? And I'm just gonna just show you guys this straight up on Wikipedia. So if there's like, if it's on Wikipedia, basically after they've obscured everything, that just must mean that it's just such an irreversible fact. 'cause you wouldn't even want to admit this, but this is what the entry shows you about the star of David because it's, it's actually a very recent thing that has been adopted from the Jewish community, okay?


It's not something stem stemming from the early, from the, from the ancient times. And this is exactly what it reads. It reads that it is a derivative of the seal of Som Solomon was used for decorative and mystical purposes by Muslims and kabbalistic Jews. Want you remember that? Okay? So it's a derivative of the seal of Solomon. King Solomon was used for decorative and mystical purposes by Muslims and kabbalistic Jews. And it also goes on to say that only around one millennium later did the star begin to be used as a symbol to identify Jewish communities. A tradition that seems to have started in Prague before the 17th century.


I want you to remember that as well. And from there, spread too much of Eastern Europe in the 19th century. It became, it came to be adopted by European Jews as a symbol to represent Jewish religion or identity in the same manner the Christian Cross identified the religion's believers. The symbol became representative of the worldwide Zionist community after it was chosen as the central symbol on a flag at the first Zionist Congress in 1897. So this is a recent symbol, but I'm gonna show you that there is a mention of that star, it is called something else in the Bible. It is referred to, and I'm gonna just dig this up for you, something that is known as the star of Refin in the Bible.


Okay? And I'm going to show you that star right now. Here's a picture of it. Now you can see if you're, if you're Jewish, you're going, oh, that's the, that's the star of David. You can see on that left side there, by the way, that you, you see a goat and you see it looks like a pharaoh up top there. So you're going, okay, I don't associate this with Judaism whatsoever. And in the Bible, here's where it's mentioned, it says, ye took up the tabernacle of mooch and the star of your God remon figures, which ye made to worship them. and I will carry you away beyond Babylon. It's also referenced later. It says, ye have born the tabernacle of your mooch and your chin, your images, the star of your God, which ye made to yourself.


So what is this referring to? It's referring to the ancient Canaanites. Okay? The Canaanites were a brutal and a wicked culture. A frequently engaged in behavior that was considered obviously immoral and decadent, right? A list of the sins that Israel was told to avoid at all costs. Those sins included the Canaanites partook in incest, in child sacrifice, in homosexuality, and in bestiality. Now, in your mind you're going, okay, that sounds familiar. We spoke about this as well when I was refer telling you guys about the, the Kazarian Kingdom and I. Think somebody asked a question yesterday like, oh, do you know about the Caesars? and I had mentioned to you that yes, I'm very aware, by the way, 'cause I think that is what was mentioned also in that documentary that Kyrie Irving shared was that a, for a period of time, a lot of Israeli historians were writing books and receiving awards for having traced their lineage to the CSARs.


A very similar story with that kingdom before it was crushed by Russia and Persia. Okay? So if you're following what I'm saying to you here, essentially this star of remon, which is being used, it was, was a symbol that the Canaanites used and it was the star of a deity in which they worshiped. And I'm gonna show you that molo, I guess. Okay? So again, you are seeing child sacrifice, which is what is being portrayed here. I'm not sure if we have another photo of molo, but yeah, you know, it, it, it is long been understood. There's ball, there's molo, there's all about child sacrifice.


And the goat is a known image that is associated with it. And another word for molo is Saturn. So this is all very interesting because you're going, okay, you have this entry. It says to you that this came from the seal of Solomon, had to do more with the Kabbalah. All people wear it today and they don't worship the Kabbalah that they have, obviously. But again, you don't really know history. You're growing up in a family, you're wearing this, you're not, you're not, you don't know history of of these things because why would you? I don't know much history about really anything. Like I said, I don't even know where my, where my family's ancestry comes from, but I found this to be really interesting. So on Wikipedia, there's just an entry for sorcery. Just the word sorcery, which they have in parentheses is also known as Isha.


Okay? And it tells you that King Solomon in this entry of Israel was linked with magic and sorcery attributed to a book with incantations for summoning demons, okay? The testament of Solomon, one of the oldest magical texts narrates Solomon's use of a magical ring to command demons. Now you, you can see on the right there, Solomon Seal has what we would refer to it is the star of David, right? The star of David that we know, actually as we just saw, it's actually Basil Solomon. And it is telling you that King Solomon linked this with magic and sorcery.


And the oldest magical text narrates Solomon's use of a magical ring to command demons with the ascent of Christianity. Books on magic were frowned upon, and the spread of magical practices was often associated with paganism. Okay? And then you'll see later on in this exact same Wikipedia entry, it says, the magical revival of sorcery gained momentum in the 19th century spearheaded by figures like Elis Levi If, you watch, if you're a watcher of this show, you know that that is the guy that created bfat, the transgendered deity, okay? Spearheaded by El Elis Levi and Alistair Crowley, okay? Person that I have been telling you the establishment of nasa.


So what we have here is a scenario where the occult has really just kept going on since biblical times masquerading within and around different religions. So you, you know about narcissism, the Jewish Kabbalah, the Christian Kabbalah, we know that there are these people who believe in this magic. And that is why yesterday when I was telling you guys, and you guys were very reactive, and I'm, I'm so glad that you really engaged in this, about this unknown schism that took place so relevant to understand this. And again, I learned this 'cause I was interested in, in the perversion of Sigmund Freud, this unknown schism in which half of the world's Jewry converted or followed this guy who they believed to be the Messiah.


His name was sabotage Ziva. Now sabota means Saturn, okay? And by the way, in case you guys didn't know, this is just another fun fact. There is a hexagon on Saturn, okay? So you have this guy bring him back up again, Saab to Zvi. And the story there, and I'm going to run you through this very quickly, is that this guy was born in what would be considered modern day Turkey, okay? He was Turkish, he was living in the Ottoman Empire. He declared himself to be, he was a follower of the Kabbalah, the Laurea Kabbalah, which was a very big deal at that time. He declared himself to be the Messiah. And half of the world's at that time believed that he was, people were traveling to Palestine to see him, to, to bring him gifts.


And then what happened was they became disillusioned with him because he came across the, the Sultan, the Ottoman Sultan. And he basically, the Sultan was like, you better convert. You are either gonna become a Muslim or I'm gonna kill you. And so this guy freaked out, it's understood. Now, there are great Jewish historians among them, I think who is probably the most well read on this guy in this guy's history is a man named Ham Shalom. And again, I will link these books on my locals page. I didn't do it yesterday because I ran outta time and I'm gonna do it But. anyways, he, he basically said, yeah, you're gonna either convert, you're gonna become a Muslim today or you will get killed. And so guess what he did? He converted and he became Muslim.


Okay? So this guy who says he's the Messiah who's worshiping the Kabbalah, then converts and suddenly says, oh, this is actually totally fine, because I have fulfilled the law of the Torah. I have fulfilled the law of the Torah. And actually it is now called upon us to sin. And a form of that is apostasy, which is essentially you can convert in order to see people into different faiths. and I am proof of that. So even though I'm converting, I'm becoming a Muslim, I'm, it doesn't actually matter because laws have no meaning. Again, the Torah has been filled. I am the Messiah and here I am. And at that moment, okay, now no longer, half the world Jews were following him.


They were going, okay, this guy seems like a fraud, but he had the backing of the wealthiest people in the world. Okay? So his influence, his influence never went away. This became known as Sabine. And what these kabbalists believed was that yes, you, you, they would inherit the earth through deception, through deceptive means. So what became born was this group of Kabbalists who then made their way into Islam. They became known, and my pronunciation might be wrong here because I've only read about this as Don Meh, D-O-N-M-E-H. and I wanna tell you guys that these people still exist today.


So I'm gonna show you this article in the Times of Israel where they're speaking about the history of Sabo Sabota Ziva, a savant in Jewish text who's erratic behavior fits the symptoms of a bipolar personality disorder. This, by the way, is what most people believe today when they look at this moment in Jewish history, that actually he was like a bipolar, schizophrenic, crazy person. And at that time, because of what was going on, people wanted to believe he was the Messiah. And then realized that maybe he was a crazy person. And it says in that same article, you can pull that back up, sabotage, Eva's legacy has had a long lasting effect on the region as a whole. This is referring to modern Turkey, including the Don May of Turkey, a society of crypto Jews who for centuries presented themselves as Muslims, but continued to consider themselves Jewish with sabotage as their prophet.


Now, I would say that they consider themselves to be Kabbalist. And a lot of these individuals, probably the most notable among them, there is evidence, and this is gonna be extremely controversial, but I will link to you this evidence that Add a Turk was Don May at, at Turk came from a region where there was a strong ache stronghold. And there was an Israeli historian, I mean, I'm sorry, an an Israeli individual who wrote a book which has now been discontinued, who said, yeah, I met him before he became at Turk. And yeah, he, he was Jewish, I met him, I met him in a hotel and he was Jewish.


And again, I'm gonna link that for you. The person just So I can give you the name because I'm sure people are gonna go crazy for me saying that this was published in Forward Magazine, a Jewish publication in New York back in 1994, an out of print Hebrew autobiography by Imar Ben Avi, the son of Eliza Ben Yehuda, the leading promoter of the revival of spoken Hebrew in the late 19th century Palestine, Ben Avi, the first child to be raised in Hebrew since ancient times. And later, a Hebrew journalist, a newspaper publisher, writes in his book of walking into the Communist Hotel in Jerusalem, when Autumn Knight in 1911 and being asked by its proprietor, do you see that Turkish officer sitting there in the corner, the one with the bottle of Iraq?


Yes, he's one of the most important officers in the Turkish army. It goes on and on and talks about how he looked at him and thought it was weird that soon to be add a Turk had piercing green eyes and then added a Turk intimated to him that, you know, he was Don May, that actually he was not at all actually a Muslim. So that's obviously extremely controversial. Again, I will link this, it is a matter of debate, but the point is, is that these people do exist and they, to think about that in a larger scale of people who are falsely converting to other faiths and then causing wars or participating in wars and upheavals is a very scary, not a thought and understanding. Okay? that is, that is an understanding.


don. Don't wanna say it's a thought, I just think this happened. Now I've read this. And the implications there are quite severe. Quite severe. So like I said, I can show you how all of our faiths have been infiltrated. and I say this, the Jewish faith, the Christian faith, and of course the Muslim faith has been infiltrated by people with the explicit aim as sabotage I had of taking over the world that through sin they would be redeemed, that they had to commit sins. It's a form of gnosticism. The more that you sin, the more egregious your sin, we will inherit the earth.


And I'm gonna take a quick pause right here, 'cause I wanna, I wanna thank one of our sponsors. It's a great one to come right on time, obviously, because as we're talking about spirituality, for those of you who are thinking about praying, don't even know where to start. Well, I can't recommend enough Hallow, the app Hallow, it's Summer and I, of course, I like to spend time with my family, I like to travel. But there's one routine that I really never let go of. And it's every day I pray and I'll be continuing my daily habit of prayer with Hallow the number one prayer app in the world. I love Alo Hallow because it's a great resource for the entire family and it will help you grow a connection with God. So if you're looking for a place to start, check out their new scripture series on the Gospel of John with biblical scholar, Jeff Cavins and Jonathan Rumi, who portrays Jesus in the chosen or some new upcoming content with Jim Kle, the actor from Sound of Freedom and Passion of the Christ. Using this app as such a great way to spend a few minutes a day meditating on scripture and talking to God about what he wants for your life. Prepare your mind and heart for the chaos of this world by building your foundation of daily prayer today on Hallow. Download it for three months free at Hallow dot com slash Candace.


So yeah, I would love, I would really love to know what you guys are thinking right now. Like what are you thinking as we are getting deeper into understanding that it is entirely plausible. In fact, it is, it is an actuality. There's no question that what came after sabot. So these kabbalists believe that through these demonic chants, it became Jacob Frank. What came in the next century was Alistair Crowley, again, always backed by the wealthiest people in the world, okay? These were not like some poor people. I told you Jacob Frank, who came about a hundred years later, was given a castle, okay? He was given a castle and his family was en Nobel Jacob Frank was en Nobel because it, as I told you, he had an affair with Empress Maria Teresa, okay?


And after that affair, again, they believed in sexual rituals. This, these were the sacraments. They believed Jacob Frank believed in incest, he believed in sexual rituals. This is the reason why the Jewish community was at war with one another. And it is a fact that when he got kicked out of Poland the first time after having this bizarre sexual ritual, and a Talmudic rabbi kicked him out, they actually had rabbinical trials over this, this history is just right in your face. Rabbinical trials being like, this man is demented, get him out of here. And but what he did to protect himself and to protect his frankest followers was he made a plea. He made a plea to the bishop at that time and said, Hey, we will, we'll convert to the Catholic faith.


Our religions not at war one another. And not only that, but I will tell you when he actually, he made this allegation that the ISTs are killing Christians, everything you suspected is true. They are killing Christians. It's a part of a blood ritual that they're doing. So you can imagine this was going on right now where you had the Jewish community warn one another. And then what was the result of this? Was something which I so deeply regret for the Catholic faith that, that bishop at that time allowed the, these false conversions sided with Jacob Frank at that time. Because he's thinking, oh, well if you're gonna, you're gonna throw this guy under the bus, you're gonna throw the talus under the bus. And what then happened was this mass burning of the Talmud that took place in Poland, right?


Fine. This is what, this is what this, this guy said like, that's totally fine, that's totally fine, you can convert. And of course, they then later got kicked out of the Catholic faith. But by then you see this aposty continually happening where they just appear amongst other religions. And they are explicitly saying to people, convert and hide yourself, convert, you know, pretend that you worship these faiths, but privately you are going to worship the zohar. You are going to worship the Kabbalah. You have to hide who you actually are. And in that book that I was telling you about, that was written by David Bacon back in, he put the pieces together and was able to determine that Sigmund Freud was one, one such cabalist. So on his face, they presented, present himself as like, you know, I, I'm a Gian Jew, which therefore would imply that I follow the Torah.


No, they didn't follow the Torah, thought that law had been fulfilled and that their new job was to sin in order to inherit the earth. That there was some magic to the idea of sinning. And Jacob Frank said this to them, he's like, I, I have come here to cast you to your lowest lows that we may raise and we will inherit the earth through deception. And So, I have been very honest with the fact that a huge problem that I have with just a lot that I have learned is that there was this very quick, or at least I've seen historically speaking all throughout American history. And like I said, the, this adoption of the, you know, if you're a Catholic, you might call this a star of Reon, If, you're Jewish, you might call this a star of David.


But it is explicitly acknowledged as coming from Solomon Seale a, a source something, the sign of sorcery as being adopted as the symbol for the Zionist cause. and I have seen that. When you look into the individuals who are definitively Frankest, who practiced, like I said, in your own time research, Lewis Brandes, he came from a family of frankest. It is explicit. You can find this everywhere. This cannot be contested. No one can tell You know it's not a conspiracy theory. This man okay, was a frankest. He kept a photo of a portrait of Ava Frank, the unholy virgin, the anon virgin Ava Frank, who was considered a Messiah, okay?


The first female Messiah to the mystics on his desk, this man made to the top of our government, he also married into a Frankest family. So this faith made it to America. And when you start to research these people, they committed a lot of their time to the Zionist cause. and that makes me uncomfortable. That makes me uncomfortable. and I am willing to say that I am willing to have a discussion with people who think that it doesn't matter. I mean, and, and like I'm saying, I'm, I'm just telling you, one of the families, there's a ton of these families and their, their push this, their push and their dedication to the Zionist cause makes me uncomfortable.


Given the history that I know. I believe that me having this conversation or having the courage to have this conversation like I had that behind the scenes conversation on Twitter with, with David, will actually open up for the first time in a long time. And alliance between Christian and Jews needing to root out these sinister satanic elements that are happening right now on the world stage. I don't believe that these, this is our faith. I believe that there is a fringe cult that is operating, that they are satanic and I wonder. I wonder if we are dealing with people who can trace their history, who now practice as one of their deceptive measures, routinely changing their names, reappearing somewhere else, inspiring these wars, taking, stealing, you know, the same corruption.


I wonder if they can trace their lineage, lineage all the way back to the Canaanites and they at first infiltrated the Jewish faith and the Muslim faith and then the Christian faith, maybe the Jewish and Christian faith around the same time, based on what I've read. But these are very important discussions for, for us to be having. If we are actually going to save things, we have to recognize that these people, that worship baff it and this transgender deity, that this, that the Kabbalah, this Urian Kabbalah recognizes this. And what they're trying to do through, through deception is to cast a spell on society to bring everybody into their consciousness. that is what was explicitly their aims. By the way, I'm not making this up as I go along. This is ex the explicit aims of the Frankest cult.


It's time for the world to wake up to this and to begin tracing their genealogy, tracking these name changes and understanding what on earth is happening. 'cause I think what's happening is actually Satan.


I do also want to shout out another one of my show sponsors that have the courage to allow me to have these conversations. And they recognize that my aim is to just give an opportunity to the entire world to better themselves, better their families. Especially now during these tremendously awful economic times. We have American, Financing, and I think what they aim to do I know what they aim to do is to help Americans who are facing these everyday expenses, putting so much on their credit cards to elevate that You know to, to take away the stress that they're dealing with a lot with, feel like they're in this never ending cycle of debt. An answer is to call American Financing. Don't let the debt be on your back. They're helping people that are just like you turn things around by using the equity in their homes to pay off at high interest debt. They understand that what people are going through and they're willing to talk to you. So American Financing is saving their borrowers an average of $854 a month. That's $800 a month that basically comes to about $10,000 a year. Everyone can use a $10,000 raise at work, and they're closing some of these deals in as little as 10 days. So If, you start today, you may not have to make next month's mortgage payment. There's no better time than right now. Turn your situation around, call 807 9 5 12 10, that's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens.


All Right. guys, I do wanna turn to some of your comments and there are definitely a lot of them. Let me get into what you guys are writing here. This person says, did he changes his name and host weird parties? Yes, that is a fact. And that is why I feel like I got into so much trouble for speaking about what was happening in that lawsuit. Like, which, the exact same thing you're talking about these bizarre sex rituals. You're talking about blackmail. It's like, how many times can this happen before people start waking up and asking the right questions? And you know, most people understand the significance of the Bridgette Macron story. It please go read it.


Understand this, because you have to wake yourself up to the level of evil, right? You, you have to be willing to face it. You have to be willing to say, okay, this is real. Right? We're not gonna be able to change things until you have the courage to face the evil that is happening. and I think that there's no greater modern example of that than the entire mainstream press. Mainstream press colluding to lie to the public about the fact that Jit Macron is a man born, a man named John Michel Trau, unbelievable Candace, you are so brave. Stay safe a Muslim. Thank you. Did they destroy the Talmud or the Torah in the illustration that I just gave you?


The, it's a historical fact. They burned the Talmud and I. Think the rabbi's name was Ido. But do not quote me on that. I could be wrong. Something to look up. And like I said, I will 1000% include the links today, I know I didn't on my locals page. And for those of you, thank you so much for all of you that signed up to support me in whatever capacity that you could on locals to keep this show free. You can head to Candace Owens dot com. You give whatever you want to support this show. Guys, I would really appreciate If, you took a second to do that. If, you can If, you If, you have the capacity to, this person says, I can't pronounce it unfortunately, Muslims call the antichrist al deja, AKA, the liar. Thank you for giving us a translation there.


AKA, the liar. This person says, all your good work is paying off love from Serbia. Yes. Guys, what you do, just share these episodes, make people listen to them so that they can start researching things on their own. It's the only way we're gonna have an awakening is that there has to be more of us willing to take a stand, more of us creating more videos. We have to create just an echo. you know what I mean? And, and that's where the power comes from, is that we've removed the power from the mainstream media's hands because they are part of this. They are a part of the elite. And you have other people who are just bad faith actors, okay? They're not worshiping the Kabbalah, but they are perhaps blackmailed. And the people that are in control are very clearly in my view, these people. And they've always been in control. Like I said, it reappears as Alistair Crowley, he was best friends with the editor over at Vanity Fair.


He was friends with the people. The in that club, the Yale Club, the name is escaping me right now. But these were the elites, okay? These were not people that were on the fringes. This person writes Jews, Christians, Christians, Muslims, unite, God bless you, Candace. Yes, we, we have to defeat satanism. Plain and simple. This person says, look up Madame Blavatsky. She trained Crowley. Yes. And guys, if these people believe in these magical rituals in casting these spells on humanity, and you can look around you to see how much success they have had, clearly these spells have been working, then you should have that feeling in your gut right now that the only answer to that is going to be spirituality, is going to be you accepting what they know to be true.


They believe in God and they're doing everything to counter him. Okay? So you better get with God. That's what I'm telling you guys. You better get with God. It is the only guard that you have against this satanism that has gone mainstream. This person said, Candace came with the receipts. Yes. Again, I will drop the receipts on locals tonight. Go to Candace Owens dot com or go to locals.com and find me there. This person says, the Rothschild's created Israel. I do not have that as a fact, but I'm reading your comment. This person says, acts seven discusses a star of Brem fund. Yes, that is what I just read today. And it is shocking to see. And I'm, I'm actually most interested in the people that follow me and are Jewish.


Did you know any about history? Of course you didn't. Of course you didn't because why would you know that? It's, it's something that I didn't know either, and I've been around Jewish people my entire life. This person says, how do we stop the media from controlling the narrative? These elites want people to believe. The answer is we become the media. We become the media, we find the voices that we trust. I'm at a place right now where I basically trust like Dave Smith and Tucker Carlson in terms of people that have big platforms. I would probably say I am the biggest supporter of those two people. And you will know the people that you can trust. You can judge them by the manner in which the mainstream media tries to attack them. Okay? Anybody that's being upheld by the mainstream media, probably not someone that you can trust because the mainstream media is absolutely evil.


This person says cans, have you heard of Noah Harra? Please look him up. I have heard of him. This person says, research Saiz Iva. The answers are all there. that is correct. And again, it began with Lian Kabbalah, which was slightly before he arrived on the scene. Again, Turkey is significant, Ukraine is significant. When you get into Jacob, Frank and I have a lot of questions about everything that's happening today in the Ukrainian region. My gut instinct tells me, do not support what is going in Ukraine. And which is why I have not done it since day one. I have read way too much about Jacob Frank's history. I I really question who the hell Zelensky is and what exactly he believes and what exactly he worships.


Because my friends, I do not believe that he's a follower of the Torah. I just do not. And the a DL support of him all, but verifies my gut instinct. This person says, I didn't care for you and then I researched you for myself. Thank you for what you are doing. May Yahweh protect you, your family, and the truth. I would love for you to dig into Africans being the true Israelites. I mean. I watched that documentary, I just didn't see any proof that was presented there. Like it was somebody that was making musings about it, but they didn't actually present any concrete proof. And so, yeah, I I, but I, I appreciate your comment.


I have not ever looked into that, to be completely honest with you. And like I said, I don't know my family history outside of knowing. My grandma came from St. Thomas. My grandfather has one grandmother who was Native American Cherokee from North Carolina. But I I, I would love to know my family history. I think we all have a right to know where we come from. This person says, oops, this actually went away. Sorry. Don't pretend this evil only started with this sabaan frankest. I am not saying that this evil only started with the ache and frankest. I am just giving people, I guess, a little snippet of where they can begin their research. And this is just the research that I have, guys.


I don't have all of the answers. I've never claimed to have all of the answers, but I do have all of the questions. and I have the courage and the audacity to ask them publicly while being maimed and while being caricatured and while still learning, and while being routinely called stupid by academics who quite literally exist to make everybody else stupid, despite the fact that they're convinced that they're intelligent because they have a degree. They don't know where they came from. They don nothing. They don't even, they're not even know in the future of difference between a man and a woman. They're gonna be so unwise, right? So distrusting of their own gut instinct, so distrusting of their own eyes and their own ears that in the future they won't even be able to tell you the difference between a male and a female.


So guys, we are going to stop there again, share this episode. Thank you guys so much to the bottom of my heart for giving me the courage to do this. And there's so many other episodes in American History that I wanna talk about and that I'm going to continue to speak about on this show with your tremendous vote of confidence. All Right guys, go to locals.com, support the show, and we'll see you tomorrow.