
Ladies and gentlemen, I honestly wish that I could say Happy Thursday to you, but it's not a happy Thursday. It's a dark Thursday and it's because I'm gonna go to prison for a very long time. In fact, rabbi Shmuley has filed another FBI report against Me. I'm gonna tell you a little bit about it right here at the top. The following is not sad satire. I am not trying to be funny and I want you guys to be serious. In fact, this was just published in the Jerusalem Post. That's how serious it is. And here's what it reads. It reads that Rabbi Schmoe's daughter Raquel has quote reported a threatening pizza delivery to the FBI escalating tensions in the Botanic Owens Feud over antisemitism.


Yes, there was an un kosher pizza that was sent to their home and the FBI was contacted about me. We're gonna talk about that. Also, Andrew Tate and Tristan Tate, in case you missed it, they have been released. you know, they were detained. Potentially they're gonna have to go to prison. It turns out the judge says, no, I'm going to release them. But you have got to see this clip because they certainly Andrew at least certainly had some choice words for the establishment media. Truly a MUST WATCH. That's what we have coming up on Candace.


All right, let's jump right into this. Let's start with Andrew Tate because he is constantly referencing the Matrix. He always talks about the matrix Matrix is attacking me. Let's actually slow that down for a second. Why is he saying that? What does he mean when he says the Matrix is coming after me? Well of course you're going Candace, obviously he's referring to the movie the series, the 1999 began in 1999, the series The Matrix, which If, you haven't seen it I know why you haven't. It actually is a fantastic set of films. It really is. But I'll tell you briefly, it's about the technological downfall of humanity. Okay? It presents a world in which humans are not aware that they are being enslaved by artificial intelligence. Essentially, reality is being simulated for them like they did, and they believe it's reality, but it's not actually reality.


So they have the protagonist of the film. It's this guy named Neo. He is described as the one and he's hunted down by agents and deemed to be a terrorist threat to the false reality that the machine has created. The threat that Neo poses, by the way, is simply that he might free human minds. He might wake up people to understanding that, wait a second, our reality is now being simulated for us. And of course that would be a threat for the machine. Then there is the character, the agent Smith, everybody remembers Agent Smith. For those of you who have seen the films and though he presents as a human, he's really just per Wikipedia ai, an AI program in the Matrix that is programmed to keep order within the system by terminating any human simulacra that would bring instability to the simulated reality as well as any rogue programs that no longer serve a purpose to the machine collective.


So essentially he shows up to take people out when they stop, when they stop realizing that, when they start to realize rather that they are in a simulated reality, he wants to make sure that doesn't spread. That's almost like a virus realizing like, oh wait a second, it's not. So everything is not what it seems. And So, it might seem childish to some people when Andrew Tate says that we are living in a matrix, but I am not one of those people that deems it to be childish because I see exactly what he's speaking about. And I would imagine that a lot of people who watch this podcast also see it, right? We are recognizing that we have a bunch of Agent Smiths. Another term for that might be Operation Mockingbird who are sent out to protect and to defend the state if we're looking at them as the machine that is simulating our reality all the time.


And I think probably no clearer example of that in the past than watching the way that people who were saying, Hey, maybe don't run out and get this new vaccine, were instantly slapped down a bunch of Agent Smiths came out said, you're dangerous. You're gonna kill grandma. You're a grandma killer. You're so selfish. You had psychologists writing articles claiming that even people who had perceived themselves as perhaps wanting to think about the vaccine were displaying symptoms of being a psychopath. I mean, the entire machine was making people believe in reality everyone was going to die unless they got in line. That my friends is the Matrix. And there have been a lot of times that this has happened. We saw this with the Me Too movement, we saw this with BLM, and you can see how people really are programmed according to whatever it is that they are watching across the mainstream media.


They're just echoing each other all the time and people never really peep their head up and imagine like, Hey, what if they're all lying? What if they're enslaving my mind? What if the people that they're telling me are the good guys are the bad guys and maybe some of the bad guys are the good guys. These are the sorts of thoughts that I've been having for years and recognizing yet, yes there there is something there when the really bad guys are not people that the state goes after like Jeffrey Epstein, but rather people who are protected by the state, potentially CIA and Mossad, I think Jeffrey Epstein, that was revealed. And then the people who don't really seem that bad or you're not really sure what they did because there's so many articles coming at you are pursued ruthlessly, I'm pursued ruthlessly all the time and we're gonna get to that.


My FBI report was being filed against me And. so Andrew Tate saying this is something not to take lightly and I want to be able to show you what he said as he left prison. Now, briefly, just to remind you guys, his house was raided again. Him and his brother were detained. It was very likely a very high chance that they were going to be put back in prison until actual charges were brought against them. They say they're investigating the same thing, a human sex trafficking ring that there has been evidence of, but I guess not a lot or enough evidence of to actually bring them to trial, which they have been asking now for years. Please begin this trial with the evidence that you have. You are saying, we're human sex traffickers. You are tarnishing our reputation. You're tarnishing our name, we demand a trial.


And they're like, Nope, we're still investigating. We gotta call all these women that you know And. so they got raided again and the judge sought to release them the circumstances that Andrew Tate is going to be released to house arrest and Tristan Tate is can move around Romania, but he can't actually leave the state pending further or never ending investigation. Now I wanna show you this clip of Andrew Tate outside of the courthouse yesterday in Buca arrest. Before I tell you that the new charges that they are bringing up against him and what this is really about, take a listen to Andrew Tate and you will notice that he says, the first thing he says is that he's built different, I love that.


Take a listen. You are okay. Free man. Built different. Yes, built differently. Of course. Better than okay, who are free, free, free. Listen, I'm gonna say something to everybody. Listen to me. I moved to Romania 10 years ago and I found an amazing country fuel full of beautiful people. And I told the whole world about Romania. If, you mention the name Romania, anywhere in the world, they'll say, Andrew, take lives there. that is nothing. I've done nothing but promote this country. I've done nothing but say fantastic things about Romania endlessly. And when I did this, people would say to me, if romania's so nice, if it's so safe, it's so beautiful, why is it got such a bad reputation?


I said, well, there's probably a few bad actors, a few bad people who destroyed the entire reputation. Like the few fools that D caught who just came along and told us that the mothers of our children are somehow human trap. I've been nice, I've been patient, I've played the game, I've respected the judiciary, I've gone to every appointment on time, but they busted my house again. And now I've come along saying there's 35 victims. you know, all 30 of those girls, 30 of them have statements in our defense, 30 saying, we've done absolutely nothing wrong. Two, up to two more of the mothers of our children and two more have never even been to Irania, never even been here. They just found random girls we knew in other countries and made them sign pieces of paper. This is a setup. It's absolutely disgusting.


Bear play to that judge who saw through the bull. Let us free hold that. And also one more thing, the media's complicit. All of you are when they first threw us in jail, when they first put us in there, you're all running around saying human trafficker. None of you said, where's the evidence? Where's the proof? Where's the pictures? Where's the videos? None. Three years later they do the same bull and you're all sitting there going human trafficking. I'm not all human. Trafficker clearly If. you human traffick someone. There is evidence. This is a setup. It's a stitch up. The three prosecutors at call in my house, I said, why are you here? There's no case. They said there's a case that we make one. This is a setup. All of it is how, listen, quiet, I'm not Talk to you, sir.


Quiet the money. Quiet sir. Quiet there. This is a setup that is done on purpose and it is designed to come up with the most heinous possible crimes to slander our name. And every single Romanian citizen should be disgusted that they are spending millions of euros wasting their time trying to put innocent men in jail. Instead of fixing the roads, fixing the hospitals, fixing this country. You have a beautiful country full of beautiful people and three idiots, a deco of everything. As for money laundering, sure I'll approach that. Money laundering, no problem. Supposedly we're money launderers because we buy luxury goods and we try and hide that. We buy luxury goods for other people and hide our money. If, you buy your girlfriend a handbag in Romania, they charge you with money laundering.


This is disgusting. Disgusting. We have children. This is disgusting. Thank you. How does that clip make you feel? And by the way, you guys, I am seeing in the live chat right now that you are saying that his co, the cops have just apparently while We are live right now, they have arrived at Andrew Tate's house and Tristan Tate's house again during a live stream. They were just live streaming I think about 30 minutes ago. It looks like they came during this emergency meeting. How, how could the pop cops need to be here again, I'm asking this question again. I don't have all the facts here, but I'm looking at your guys' comments and it looks like what you're saying is true. They just got released a few hours ago and now the cops are back at their house right now. How does that make you feel when you hear what he is saying?


like I said, park aside your feelings about the industry that they were involved in. You will get an agreement from you, from me regarding pornography and webcaming and things of that nature. This has been three years of his life, okay? Of both of their lives. They have children, they still have not been able to be presented with an actual trial date to show up to defend yourself. And yet, all throughout the media, everybody's got a comment because they believe, they read somewhere, they read the article. You can ask those people, how many of you guys actually read the case that was put before them, A case that began with allegedly four victims. Last three years, I've been working on a case with four victims, then three of those victims dropped out.


One of those victims is now being sued by them for defamation in the state of Florida and magically they raided them again. And what do you know? You heard what he said there and I will repeat it for you. They have found 35 new victims. So this was a fishing expedition. No matter which way you slice it, you can't tell me that you first had four victims from Angio Tate and then you found while you were making him wait and not allowing him to leave the state, 35 more victims. Now, I have not looked at these 35 more victims. I've been in communication with him. I'm asking him to send me the new documents because I want to fact check all of this before I present it to you, the public. But what he has said in that clip and what he confirmed to me today in the statement was at 31 of those 35 victims gave statements in favor of Andrew and Tristan Tate.


Essentially, once again, the state is deeming them victims and they are saying we are not victims. Same thing that happened with the other three victims in the prior case. He's saying that two of them are the separate mothers of he and Tristan's children. Okay? So that would bring you to 33. And then he's saying the last two have never even stepped foot in Romania and they exist in the uk. Now, again, I am taking his word for it when he says that, and I have not done my own due diligence, what I can say is that it is utterly absurd that any person would be, have their movements restricted for three years and not even being given a trial date. So simply what's happening right now is they're playing this case in the media.


Every single person has an opinion of it. Very few few people have actually read it. When I got my hands in the documents, I, I had to transfer it over into English 'cause it's in Romanian. And I had to try to cross reference with what person he was speaking about and ask specific questions like he says to the media right there in front of him, the you are the matrix. Why didn't any of you do the due diligence? Why aren't you guys reporting on the facts? Why has it just been me who took a look into that case and said, Hey guys, this kind of looks like crap. I've looked into it and it was, I'm what was sitting in front of me, not the videos that are circling on the internet, not the videos that people are saying, well listen here, he said that he did have underage webcam. That's not what is happening in this. This is not what this court case is about.


You. You have to read the actual documents and then ask yourself why they are trying to execute this trial by the media. What is this actually about? Now it's about money laundering. Is it about a webcam business? Is it about human sex trafficking? Is it about all three according to the public? Why does the media hate these two men so much when we know there are worse villains? And? so yes, I am looking at this now I'm pulling up this status. It looks like five minutes ago, Andrew Tate posted they were live doing their show and they posted that the police were showing up once again on their security cameras because there must have been something that they forgot 24 hours ago when they had these two young men detained.


So we will keep you guys posted on that, but I, I am, I'm really thinking that all of this is completely unacceptable. We're seeing a miscarriage of justice in the simple treatment that people do deserve to have a speedy trial, okay? Whether you hate these guys, whether you love these guys, whether you believe these guys, whether you think they're lying, you have a right to have a speedy trial not having and be for being forced to live by a public trial that is absent any facts and being written by a bunch of people in the media who absolutely detest you. And yes, I am defensive over this because I see this happen routinely to people that stand up to the mainstream media narrative no matter what that narrative is, whether it's BLM, whether it's Covid, whether it's Israel, people that stand up tend to suffer tremendously and it's wrong.


All, Right. guys, I wanna First and foremost before we get into this Rabbi Schmo story, which is really kind of on the same point of an abuse of justice of the justice system, I do wanna thank our sponsor here, Beam, because look, we all know that sleep is a foundation of whole body health. When we sleep well, our minds and bodies perform at their best. Good sleep is both mental and physical and our daily performance depends on it beams. Science backed Dream powder is tested for high quality efficacy and formulated to ease your body into rest, supporting all four stages of the sleep cycle to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. Other sleep aids can cause next day grogginess, but Dream contains a powerful all natural blend of five key ingredients. Reishi magnesium, l-theanine, you have Apigenin and melatonin. This blend helps you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up refreshed. Right now my listeners get a special discount on their healthy co hot cocoa for sleep. Pardon? Hot cocoa for sleep and it has no added sugar. You just mix. Dream into hot water or milk froth and enjoy before bed If. you wanna try Beam's Bestselling dream powder, get up to 40% off for a limited time when you go to shop Beam dot com slash Candace and use code Candace at checkout. That's shop B eam m.com/ Candace and use code Candace for up to 40% off better Sleep has never tasted better all let's get into Rabbi Shali.


Let's just start with obviously you guys have been following, it's on a back forth. Rabbi Schmoley and his daughter have just been harassing me for years and I, I don't know, it's incredible that you have journalists who take him at his word and continue to publish everything he says about the attacks against him and his daughter, even though they are very clearly the people that are harassing. I can't say that I did not laugh a little, a lot, a bit when my, the PR texted me and all my PR said, he said No comment because what can you, what can you say when you see a headline list? What can you actually say when you read a headline from the Jerusalem Post that says that the FBI has been contacted over Hawaiian Pizza So I will just read for you here.


I guess the facts, okay, it reads in a new development in the ongoing feud between Rabbi Shmuley and controversial conservative media figure Candace Owens, the rabbi's daughter Raquel. Leah has filed a complaint with the FBI after receiving what she believes was a threatening message delivered in the form of a pizza to her home in Florida. It's gonna get worse according to an email sent to the FBI and obtained by the Jerusalem Post. Good on them to obtain it. His daughter received a Domino's Pizza at her home on August 20th, 2024. The non-kosher a pizza.


Yeah, you didn't know it was gonna go get this disgusting. It was non-kosher. The non-kosher pizza, which she did not order, was delivered with a receipt bearing her name and her address, but with a phone number that belonged to her father. Rabbi Schmoley Pizza had not been paid for raising immediate concerns. So I, when I read that, I think, Hey, maybe your dad ordered a pizza and didn't pay for it, don don't know. Maybe your dad's a little cheap, you know, maybe just got you a pizza and 'cause he wanted to stage a false flag against him. don don't know, but I certainly wouldn't have received a pineapple pizza and thought this is Candace Owens.


But that's what she thought, And. so she sent an email and she filed an FBI complaint and you know, she was nice enough to include proof of that in an email that she forwarded. She, she wrote this email to a bunch of contacts, including her fodder to today, to today I received a pizza pie from Domino's, which I did not order. The receipt, which I have attached below, had my name and address and my parents' old home phone number, the pie had not been paid for. And she, there's proof that this pizza definitely came to her house. I mean, they posted the receipts, literally the receipts. Here it is. Look at this as a receipt. We cannot deny the evidence that order number 27 came in.


Okay, look, you can see it looks like the delivery's got his hand. The deliverer has got his hands on it. They, it was, it was an order for it. It looks like a 14 inch hand tossed Hawaiian pizza and it wasn't paid for. You can see in the corner, bring it back up. We have to show them, this is disturbing. I'm scared for her, her family, their safety. You can see in the corner under number 27 it says that the pizza was not paid for. We must stomp out antisemitism and all of its forms. I wanna be real clear here. All of its forms And. so on this rare occasion, I stand with Rabbi Schmoley and his daughter and I hope that the, the FBI does not spare any expense when it comes to catching this horrific individual who ordered an unpaid Hawaiian pizza to the home of Rabbi Smoothie's daughter.


So I'm, I'm, I stand with You and I know that antisemitism, that is a hate that mutates. And I can see that that is exactly what has happened in this circumstance. And So I wanted to share that with my audience. If, you see something, say something If, you see a Domino's boy looks a little suspicious. Please be privileged as Raquel is And. so don't even even call the local police. You gotta love that. you know, you got black people who say like, we call 9 1 1 in the hood, the police doesn even show up. I wanna be Raquel, I wanna grow up so privileged at my instinct when I get a pizza is to like call the FBI like, I'm gonna email the FBI and forget the local police. I'm gonna email the FBI bless, bless this family or something. All Right. guys, I, I want to move on and because I I, but I'm never going to be able to because Rabbi Cha will never allow me to move on.


But I do wanna remind you guys about Tax Network USA because a lot of people owe back taxes and it is feel really like having a monkey on your back. you know that pandemic relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents. Thanks Biden and field officers. The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends tax network. USA. However, a trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or whether you owe 10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal, even If, you have the means to pay or on a fixed income they can help finally resolve your tax burden. So please call 1 809 8 5 1000 for a private free consultation or you can visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Again, that's tn like Tennessee usa.com/ Candace.


Alright, Right guys, people were pinning me and asking me my opinion on this and I didn't give it because I just was like, okay, whatever. But I'm just gonna give it very quickly before I jump into your comments here, and I'm, I'm keen to see what you guys think about all the stuff that we're talking about with the Matrix, but people were, I guess really emotionally invested in like J-Lo and Ben Affleck, their reunion, you know, they dated many moons ago and they weren't engaged and engaged and their engagement fell apart and, and then I guess Ben Affleck and her suddenly decided, hey, we can make this work again. And they had a wedding in Las Vegas and they had another wedding in Georgia and people were, I don't know, people are just invested in celebrity relationships and you see people posting videos themselves like crying or hurt or let down that this couple didn't make it.


And they didn't even make it two years by the way, they didn't even make it two years in their relationship. It's a typical Hollywood story. Strangely, people were invested in this. I'll give you my, my quick opinion on it First and foremost. I just wanna give you a couple of facts here. JLo filed for divorce from Affleck on Tuesday in LA County Superior Court. And obviously, I'm sure this is extremely embarrassing for her, extremely embarrassing for him because they made such a big splash about getting back together. It says that they've been separated since April 26th. She likely didn't pull the trigger on it because again, even more embarrassing for your marriage to last a year and a half, it just makes everything look a complete joke. I mean really the weddings seem to have LA lasted longer than the actual marriage did. And this again is not her first rodeo, so to speak.


She's been married four times, that's a lot of times to be married in general. It's a lot of life to be had. I think she was at first married to her backup dancer and then she got married, I don't even remember this guy's name. Then she got married to Chris Judd, he might have been an actor and then she got married to Mark Anthony. He's got some great music. I gotta say, I gotta admit that I do like Mark Anthony's Spanish music. I do bachata a little bit to Mark Anthony. And then she also has been engaged multiple times. She was of course engaged most notoriously had been Affleck and that didn't work out. And then she got engaged to the Yankees baseball player Alex Rodriguez. So it's a lot And.


so it's weird that people were invested in this relationship. I don't understand it because I feel that with Hollywood, you guys just have to accept that the issue with these relationships, and I was, look it, I I know that he struggled with alcoholism she doesn't drink. And maybe that's why people were like perfect match or something. But the reality is, is that Hollywood is an industry in which people worship themselves. And I'm not saying this is definitely true about Ben Affleck or definitely true about J-Lo I'm speaking more broadly here. I don't wanna insult these people. There are children involved, but the reality is, is that Hollywood is like Babylon and it was created to make people believe in the celestial stars like a form of astrology to worship stars, which is quite dark and quite sinister.


And again, If, you engage into that book Hollywood Babylon, you will have a, I just think you'll have a reckoning about what Hollywood is, what, what it actually was created to do. And. so when you start to worship these stars, so to so to speak, you are engaging in a type of paganism, okay? It is very difficult for someone who deems themself to be a God, right? To submit themselves in a relationship. And that is what a relationship requires. It requires a submission. And submission by the way, is a beautiful act. It is a beautiful thing that I'm able to submit to my husband, even though Hollywood would make you think otherwise with feminism. And I don't take J-Lo as being the kind of woman who has been a star for virtually her entire life. I don't really buy the whole like Jenny from the block.


I'm still, I don't think she's that at all. I think she's Jenny from Hollywood and I think she has a lot of relationships and she has high expectations and she's got people walking in and out that are serving her and telling her yes all the time she is actually being served and submitted to entirely all the time And. So when suddenly marriage shows up, you know, and you're like, Hey, now you have to submit. She's like, I'm not doing, I'm not submitting to anything. Everyone around me tells me, well I tell them what's going on. They tell me I'm amazing and you, and I'm not just gonna submit and give up who I am and the worship of people that fall over me at the altar. I'm not, I'm not giving that up And. so that is why, and again, I'm speaking broadly here that the majority of these Hollywood relationships don't work and people should just stop investing in them and stop being sad about them or stop being surprised when You know two people that have trans children come together.


That's an indicator right there. This is not a strong household if you're, you're just churning out trans children. You know the values that at least we value traditional values, faith, family are not there in Hollywood. So please stop engaging in this sort of paganism or being surprised whatsoever. All Right. guys, I'm gonna jump into some of your comments. What do we have going on here? Oh, okay. Somebody said she's a narcissist referring to JLo. This person says Mark is a Salta singer, he has old bachata tracks. Don't you even try to play me? He definitely has all as. Don't you try to play me, don't try to play me at all.


Okay? The, this person just going into some of these super chats very quickly says, I love your content so much. Thank you for everything you do. Can you do a special on Canada? We need someone like you to wake up my fellow Canadians from the dictatorship Trudeau has created. Yeah, I mean Trudeau's a whole nother story. I mean really you gotta, you gotta begin with Fidel Castro when it comes to good old Trudeau, I, I don't have it in the plans at the moment because we are obviously up to our neck in American politics and American culture, but I always think that there's a true synergy. So thank you for the super chat, mama Mia Marcello writes Candace, I am dying to know what is little Candace saying and singing in your intro.


I love you. Okay, I'll pull that for you guys from a video. You guys keep asking about that. What am I singing? It's definitely not the yay song stars and I will have to, I don't even remember what it is, but I used to always do talent shows and I will let you guys watch the video by itself with me singing. I just wanna warn you guys, the singing is not good, okay? That's why we put ye's track over it because the singing is not good. Okay? This person, the name is Katie writes the book of Revelation mentions False Jews, rev, revelation two nine Thou Arts blasted by them that say they are Jews and are not, but are of the synagogue of Satan. Yes, I have a lot to say about that, but I just very quickly want to thank our, our final supporter of the show.


American Financing. I've told you guys all about them a thousand times, so let's make this a thousand in one because in interest rates have in fact dropped. And right now it's the perfect time to call my friends in American Financing. They are a family owned company that is helping people just like you create meaningful savings every month. They're salary based mortgage consultants. Look at your full financial picture, including those frustrating credit card balances where you're paying upwards of 20 to 30% in interest payments every month they work with you to create a loan program where you wipe all of that out and in some cases you'll even have some cash left over to create some emergency savings. American Financing is a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees. It costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save.


Their average customer is saving over $800 a month. And If, you start today, you may delay two of your mortgage payments. So please call 807 9 5 12 10. Again, that is 807 9 5 12 10. Okay? Pertaining to that verse in revelation about the synagogue of Satan. I'm very familiar with it and I thought I did a very good job of identifying what exactly we were referring to, especially regarding the Leo Frank Case. And that's how you know that you're close to it. When you talk about, you know, this cult, this literal satanic cult that converted into the Catholic faith and, and they've been hiding and pretending that they're Jewish, pretending that they're Catholic and committing acts of pedophilia and murder and these things and you tell the public that and you just get inundated with the news.


All of these journalists writing crap about you, calling you an anti-Semite, really just to, as we've been talking about, obscure the truth that is the point of propaganda in many ways. It's not only just to lie, Elon Musk actually tweeted this this morning. It's not only just to lie, but it's to obscure the truth because you know, the majority of people are very plugged into the matrix. They believe everything they read is real, they're not actually going to go find a primary source. It's why people that are watching this podcast are like, what are you talking about? Can't been blaming anything on the Jews. It's kind of the opposite to what she's saying is that these are not true Jews. They're using this so that people, actual Jewish people keep defending them, not realizing that something very sinister is happening. And If, you can't objectively look at the Leo Frank Case and call that man a disturbed, psychopathic pedophilic killer, which is what he was, is and died then you are way too submerged into the matrix.


that is what I will say. This person Joe, Joe ane writes, thank you for contributing so positively to my life. I have started watching less YouTube and started reading more of the Bible. I am so glad to hear that all of the answers are there. I actually just, I think shared some biblical passages on my ex feed today that I, I just felt so inspired by it just remembering what we are fighting and ultimately who we are fighting for and not really caring about what the media says. Sierra writes, I got Hollywood Babylon, I learned real history from you. Do you think a genocide is being committed because Washington is preparing for war with China? I very much, I, I don't know if these things are connected, but I do very much feel that everything is preparing us for World War three.


There's no question about that. And the reason why they want World War III so badly is because the people that we are fighting, and again we're refer, throwing it back to the Bible like the, we're these principalities that work in darkness, that are kind the hand over everything that's maneuvering what's happening in our society at their core. They do not have the force of the creator in them. They worship the devil, right? So If, you worship the devil, you do not have the creative force within yourself. So they have to steal, they have to lie, they have to cheat and they have to obscure to get ahead. They can't just create something and be successful. They have to lie and be successful and steal and manipulate and deceive in order to be successful And.


so eventually what happens is they have to demand a reset. They have, they need a global reset because they're realizing, okay, people that do have that creator force are getting ahead in life, And. so what we need to do is we need to just create a, a world war 'cause it allows us to just steal and reset the entire play playing field. That's, that's my viewpoint. I would love to see what you hear about that up North society wrote this. This is what I, I promised you in the chat. Yes, it is actually me that I would answer. They write Candace, please do more research on Andrew Tate. He has admitted on video how he has used cam girls to scam men and date 16 year olds. He has admitted it. I am not telling you that there are not, I have seen those old clips of him and his brother that everybody brings up.


The point that you are missing is he is not being prosecuted for scamming men or dating 16 year olds. that is the point that I'm trying to make to you. So if somebody says something on the internet, whether it's a UFC fighter and they're trying to be funny or they're trying to get views and be controversial, that means nothing in terms of what's happening in the courtroom and in terms of what he was being prosecuted for, it was for human sex trafficking regarding four individuals and three of them dropped out and one of them is being suited for defamation in Florida. So we can't just say, because I don't like that this person said on camera that he scammed men via webcam services that I'm happy for him to be sent away for human sex trafficking.


And I think that's what I keep trying to communicate to people. And again, people keep falling for the trap of, okay, but like this person has said bad stuff or this person was involved in the porn industry however many years ago, that's not the proper way for us to think a justice system can't work that way. That that is not just at all. That's actually like asking for like social justice, right? Like I'm upset about this video. I saw so prosecute him for anything and that is what we saw and just watched with Trump, right? They just wanted him for anything at all. And they eventually got the prosecution even though we all knew that a lot of what they were doing and the things that they were digging up were only done because they wanted to destroy this man for political reasons. Nothing new under the sun rights.


Did you see PBD with Poland's Tar Sinski on immigration? And why is Israel obsessed with making Europe and the US except unlimited immigrants except for themselves? Barbara Specter has a concerning take on it. Yeah, you know, I do think it's quite ironic that a, a country that is virtually really just wanting to say we are ethnocentric, like we, this is a home for people who are of Jewish descent, is perfectly okay with us having to accept immigration on their behalf. that is something that I believe is problematic. I did not watch PBD and Tar Zinsky on immigration. So I can't comment on that whatsoever.


But I do know that that is always a circumstance with war where it seems like Western society has to take on a bunch of immigrants and provide a home for them. And it's not to our benefit whatsoever. This person writes this is war gamer Candace. You don't know if you've seen this. The grippers are attacking Dave Smith for perceived Jewish privilege due to talking about Israel and him not being canceled or even banned for it. Lemme just say this very clearly. I absolutely love Dave Smith, he's a fantastic human being. I want to do entire series with him. I did not see that he was being attacked, but I can tell you that I am basically his biggest fan. I have learned so much from him. I have much more than I wanna learn from him. And I think that he's incredibly brave for taking a stance that has caused for him to be essentially just having to fight the media every day because they're calling him a self hating Jew.


So if that's him leaning into his privilege, I don't see how that is. I am and remain and will be a fan of Dave Smith until he does something completely ridiculous, I guess. But at the moment I just, I think he's great. Just Dave Smith all around VT writes, everyone who tells the truth gets taken to court or they have complaints against them. Candace Tates Fresh and fit Trump, Alex, et cetera. Easy way to shut us up. Yes. And the process is the pain. It's the idea is like, we'll keep you in court forever and you will either go crazy because you're just biting us so much and you'll be distracted or you will go broke. I think that is, that is really what it's about. The process is what is meant to be the pain. Whether or not in the end you win doesn't matter to them because they think that you'll give up before or you won't be able to fight them and you'll just go away.


Which is what I think a lot of people want. JC Sut writes, Candace is definitely playing a dangerous game. So how can they attack her financially? Guys, gals, let's support her in any way that we can on locals. Canice, you are amazing. I just wanna thank you guys so much because this has been probably one of the craziest weeks in terms of how much I've been attacked. But also strangely, like I've told you guys yesterday, one of the weeks in which we also have just had a bump in supporters all around the world. And it's because a lot of people are falling out of the matrix. A lot of people are recognizing that we are being attacked for simply telling the truth. A lot of people are recognizing that they're just lying on me and they lie like it's genetic disorder. I really do believe the media has, like they, they look for people that have a genetic disorder, that they're just able to lie and feel nothing.


They're able to smear and libel and try to ruin people's lives and feel absolutely nothing. I mean, what, what is, what is Raquel suffering from where you go to the FBI Oh, because you received a pizza and you try to sell to the public that you received a pizza because of Candace Owens. That's mental unwellness. you know what I mean? But it's, it's a, it's a derangement. It's a a, a near obsession with wanting to ruin someone simply because they don't agree with you. And let me tell you something, when you do these sorts of things, it's not gonna move people over to your side And. so thank you for all of you guys. We sold out by the way of our don't care built different stand dis cups and we just put them back on the website today, I think about an hour ago. So we are, yes, replenishing the website, don't care built different.


And that is all of you guys for continuing to watch the show and continuing to support me. And I am just forever grateful. I will tell you every episode how grateful I am of you guys. Couldn't do it without you. We will see you guys tomorrow.