
Alright guys, happy Tuesday. So I told you that last week I sat down with Lily Phillips. That's the young lady from the United Kingdom who has resolved to sleep with 1000 men in less than 24 hours to break a record. So we're going to discuss that and I'm gonna show you portions of our conversation now that it has premiered. Plus you're not going to be surprised 'cause I think it's just a game between me and Tucker Carlson. I'm in trouble then he's in trouble. Well now it's Tucker Carlson's turn again and he's in hot water this time of course for hosting a guest on his podcast. That guest's name is Jeffrey Sacks. And he's telling the public the truth about Bibi Netanyahu's ambitions in the Middle East. And it's not the pre-approved Likud party narrative, but the guy, he can say it.


Jeffrey Saxon say it because he's Jewish, so he's not gonna win any semi of the year. And I am very sad to report that there has been another school shooting this time in Madison, Wisconsin. And again, it has taken place at a Christian school. And again, oddly, the shooter is a female, just 15 years old. She seems to be a radicalized feminist. What does this mean? We absolutely should discuss this. Welcome back to Candace.


All right, where to begin? Let's just begin with the Guinness Book of World record in general. I know If you know this, there are over 65,000 world records that are captured in the Guinness Book of World Records. In 2023. 4,975 records were approved. And I have to tell you guys, when I was young, and I'm sure you remember this too, I was quite mesmerized by it all, like just the concept when you see how this person holds the Guinness Book of World Records, I was like, wow, could you just imagine just being the best at something worldwide like no one else is better than you at this thing. So I'm gonna give you a couple of facts about how it works to give you a little refresher. Or maybe you've never even thought about it because I think many people wonder, well what do you earn?


What do you actually win? How much money do you get If you do break or hold a record worldwide? And the answer to that question is exactly $0. Despite there being over 153 million Guinness Book world record books that are sold worldwide, the actual record holders don't get a single thing other than the right to say, I am a record holder, I am the best in the world. What is the criteria? You might be wondering like what's, is it sports? What is singing? What is it? Honestly, anything that you can think of. If you can think it up and be the best at it, not even the best really just the only, then you can be awarded or at least have the title and tell people that you are that person.


Some random records as a guy named Tyler Phillips, he pogo stick over five cars. Now is he the best at Pogo sticking over five cars? I'm gonna go with, no, probably not. He's just the only one thought to do it and contact the Guinness Book of World record offices about it. I'm sure if LeBron James really put his mind to it, he might be able to crush Tyler Phillips. There's also a man named Zang. He is a record holder because he pulled a car 50 meters while walking on his hand. I know If that really makes the best of anything. I think that is one of the only, he just happens to be a person who thought, I'm gonna do this random thing and and be the only at it.


Then there are passive record holders, people that aren't really athletic at all, like a woman named Lee Redmond. She holds the world record for the longest fingernails. Guess how long? Guess 28 feet and four and a half inches. Again. Does that make her the best or does that, does that really just make her peculiar and somewhat gross? I think it's peculiar and I think it's somewhat gross because I, I just would not want to have fingernails that are 28 feet long. So what is it that motivates these people? If you're not motivated by money, then these people are obviously just motivated by the notoriety and there's no finer modern example of the trappings of notoriety than a young woman named Lily Phillips.


I told you a bit about her. She is indeed from England. I also wanna remind you that she's just 23 years old and she is an, you guessed it, Instagram model, Instagram model. This kind of new age of modeling. And she is desiring to break one of these obscure world records and she's willing to defile herself and willing to go against basic principles of morality because I'm certain that prior to her engaging in this, no one had really thought up How many men can one sleep with in one day? That's what she's thinking about. She wants to know how many men she can have sex with in one day and she's going for 1000.


Now you might be going, why 1000? Surely no one's gotten close to that. Actually, someone has. The existing record was set in Warsaw, Poland back in 2004. I was kind of hoping it would be a random Polish girl that did this, but it wasn't, of course it's an American girl, of course it's an American girl. Her name is Lisa Sparks. She is a porn star from Bowling Green Kentucky. And she managed to sleep with 919 men in a single day. She set the record at the third Annual World Gang Bang Championship in Warsaw. You're like me, you're going, I didn't know that there was a World Gang Bang Championship in Warsaw, Poland, but there is.


And she went out and did that. And she competed against two other women who wanted to achieve this level of notoriety. And she won by 21 men with each person that she was involved with sexually being allowed 45 seconds with her. And I gotta tell you this, the update on this is that on her website she confessed, she said this quote, to be completely transparent with you, all this event is the one thing I regret doing in the 21 plus years in the porn industry. To this day, this was also the only job I agreed to perform strictly for the money. They say hindsight is 2020. But I'd like to think that maybe as women we could have the foresight to recognize that sleeping with 919 men one day is going to be something that you deeply regret.


At least that was kind of what I wanted to speak to Lily Phillips about. I'm not really interested. I told you guys yesterday in this whole like outrage culture and screaming and calling each other names, I do think the right is starting to behave like the left. And there's no learning in any of it. When we're just being outraged and screaming, like obviously what Lily Phillips is doing is wrong. Me screaming about how wrong that is isn't really going to change her desires Annie. But having a conversation with her, why would I sit down with someone like this? It's important for other young ladies to hear this in this world where people are just so mesmerized by the trappings of fame and it's not fame of course, that they're after it's infamy. So for Lily Phillips to beat this record, just to be clear, If you're like me and maybe the math isn't math, instantly going to have to have sex with a man every 86.4 seconds for 24 hours straight.


And that includes breaks to go to the bathroom. Presumably if she wants to eat something, I know how it's going to work out. I don't wanna think through logistics, but it works out to 86.4 seconds. She's gotta have a guy and they're preparing for this day, interviewing the guys. The scumbags are gonna line up to do this. And in further preparation, Lily decided to do a test trial with 100 men in one day. She's like, okay, I'm gonna do one 10th of it. And she invited documentary makers to capture the big feet because I don't know what she was imagining, I'm assuming she was just like, I'm breaking a record, it's gonna be great. And I wanna show you this clip that has gone viral. I should have covered this last week, but I was, was feeling sick and you're gonna definitely hear me sounding sick as I'm, I'm speaking with her.


But again, these are the moments. The cameras went right in and asked her how she felt about accomplishing 100 men in one day. And what they captured in my view is the real lily raw emotions, which would follow any person, any person who is a human being who has just been used and defiled in this way by 100 men. Take a listen. It's not for the weak girls, if I'm honest. It was hard, But I don't know if I'd recommend it. Why not? I think if you're a different type of girl, it's very like, it's kind of like being a pro in a sense of like, it's just a different feeling.


I don't know how to explain it. Like It's not like just having sex with someone. Yeah, yeah. Just one in, one out. Like it feels intense. Like more intense than you thought it might. Definitely. Sorry. It's okay. Okay, just take, yeah, one minute. So that right there is the real Lily Phillips, and I wanna be clear, this documentary maker, the guy next to her, I think his name is Josh Peters absolute monster to be documenting that. I mean, you just have to be guided by basic principles of morality and to see her breaking down like that and to be playing the part as if he's her friend and really wanting to understand, oh, she's a bit overwhelmed right now.


Oh, is that shocking for you to hear too, Josh Peters that this 23-year-old young woman who's making a massive mistake and you're instead of trying to guide her away from it and wanting to capture it, but that's her, that raw emotion is the real Lily Phillips. And it, it made me realize that First and foremost, you are dealing with someone who's incredibly delicate, who is now having to put on a front in front of the world because she wants to make a lot of money, she wants to make a lot of money and she wants to do this quickly. She wants to do this in one day. And in order to have a bunch of men sign up to watch that, they don't wanna see her crying. So this is not good. She's gotta rebrand it and pretend that she's really into with it. The sex is good and she just loves sex so much and she's super freaky.


It reminded me of a conversation that I had with Amber Rose, I can't remember if it actually made its way into our interview or if it was off camera where she spoke about this, how she'd be dying on the inside being asked to do these things, but knowing that this is what was being demanded of her, of the sex industry. Because guys are buying into this fantasy. And so my job sitting across from Billy Phillips, like I said, wasn't to denigrate her, wasn't to make her feel worse. I look, I'm, I'm 35 years old, she is 23 years old. It was truly to try to understand her and to at least get her to admit that she's only doing this because she wants money. And So I asked her really just a basic question. I said, if you're really trying to stress that this is not about money, are you telling me that if Ford models came to you and offered you $50 million And so you don't be only pay, she was $50 million.


We just want you to, to walk down a Victoria's Secret and wear a bikini. You wouldn't take it because you just love the sex so much. And here's what she had to say. Take a listen. Can you address though what she said, if, if someone offered you $50 million to never do this or to have never done this, would you have taken the 50 or would you still be like, nah, it's something I wanna do. I I, I've always said this, I did this as a hobby before I did it for work. So I was sleeping around and doing these stuff like that before I actually did only for uns. I was a lot more promiscuous off camera before I was on camera. And so now I do this job because I, I love it so much and to me it's, I obviously money in every job is a big thing, but it's not, it's not about the money for me, it's about the money.


You Said you had, you did this to give back to your OnlyFans that afforded your lifestyle. You said that I think across No, no, as in as in they, they have really helped me, you know, but you said you Thought all My assistant sat, I never said anything about money. You said my assistant sat in a room and decided that we should do this as a way to give back to the fans that have supported this like, you know, this lifestyle that I have. Me and my assistant was talking, I was like, I just looked up the world record. 'cause I was like, how, how cool would this be to do? Because obviously it's something that's kind of obviously never been done before. It'd be really unique content. It would also be giving, you know, back to my supporters and stuff like that who have subscribed and, you know, made my life how it's today.


So I didn't, I didn't say, I didn't say yeah, lifestyle. So, So it was in like this freedom that I have. I I love the life that OnlyFans has given me. Definitely. And that's not necessarily money. What is, what freedom has it given to you if it's not money out of curiosity? So to, to be able to work for myself, to be able to do something I love, you know, Working for yourself, meaning making, right? Sorry, Working for yourself as in being able to earn an income by yourself. And So working for myself to be able to wake up and grab a coffee in the morning and not have to be in a desk, a nine to five to be able to yourself and you know, easy money, make a living out of it.


Be able to So it, to be able to support myself. Do something that, yeah, That's money. Just, And so, you know, that's, that's all, that's money you're talking about like to be able to support yourself, But it's, I'm not just talking, I'm not just talking about like money. I'm talking about the freedom this lifestyle has given me. Money, Permits freedom, money permits freedom. Yeah. We're just trying to connect the dots There. So money, money means you have the freedom to do whatever you can in your life, right? That's what money is equals essentially time in this case, right? Because you're saying the freedom to do what you wanna do. So the question is, Is the thing I could, I could, I could do only funds and make 20 grand a month and still have the same lifestyle as I do now, then, then have to go to this extreme and you know, do the thousand like I, So it is not, it's not really like the money thing for me.


Yeah. Because Now it's about the fame, the infamy I think for you. So there it is, it's obvious that this is something that is going to bring her great pain. But she's already pivoted and now she's pretending like she just had a weak moment after a hundred men. And this is really what she's always wanted because as you heard her say, she used to do this for free, she used to give up the goods for free and we're supposed to imagine that she was sleeping with 1000 men per day, as if that's clearly, you could be as promiscuous as you want, but no one has ever done that. And So it has to be about something else. Again, she's back to trying to sell the fantasy to men. Like she's actually into this and she's not. And that's why it's important to speak to these people because I think young women look at this as an example and she's talking about how this is about freedom.


Do you hear her? She, yeah, sure she's gotta sleep with a thousand strange men, but she can get a coffee in the morning and she doesn't have to think about it. She's not stuck at a cubicle from a nine to five. So there are some women who are stuck at a cubicle from nine to five and they then get a coffee. She has so much more freedom because she's just gonna sleep with a thousand men, a thousand strangers in one day. And she doesn't really see that as a form of bondage or at least the fake Lily who's the, who I was interviewing, the fake lily doesn't see that the lily that was crying obviously very much understood what she was giving up. And it lets you know that buried down deep, she does have a soul. But the more compelling piece of, of this for me really was learning that her mother, her mother is involved in her career, her mother manages the finances.


And when Lily spoke to journalists about this, she described her relationship with her mother and her father as being wholesome that these, these were good parents because they were supporting her. I know, it's shocking. Take a listen to what she had to say. One of the questions that I certainly have when I was reading into your story was I think that you kind of tried to portray it like you had this like normal upbringing and I obviously don't buy that because I have children and I have a daughter and your mother being involved in this signals to me that you had anything but a normal upbringing because there's no mother that would spiritually wanna see her child violated like that because that's what it is. Whether you perceive it or not.


Your, your mother is watching you or helping you or dealing with the finances of you being violated a hundred times in one day. And So I was very disturbed by that more than anything else is like I, I've heard of OnlyFans girls, I've sat down with them, You know, respectful, respectfully on, on the whatever podcast. And a lot of them have stories and they understand that, You know, my mom, my dad, my upbringing didn't do this. You know, it, it led me to this choice in life. But you don't seem to have recognized your mother's abuse in this, which is quite alarming to me. So I'm just curious about your relationship with her. I mean my parents definitely don't describe having as, what did you say, sorry, abusive or violating?


I, I don't think it's abusive. I think you said violent, your daughter being violated a hundred times by strangers is abusive. So my parents don't describe as being violated. They don't really see it in that way. They know I've always been very liberal. And to be honest, my parents, they don't necessarily, they're not, they're not coaching me into it. They're not telling me, please do please keep having these people at all. They're not, you know, they're not really exactly, I wouldn't really say like supportive, but at the end of the day, they love me and what is it gonna do if they disown me, stop talking to me. That would only cause more heartache. So they see it from a standpoint of, You know, my mom does like my finances 'cause she wants to help me.


You know, they, they just wanna do what they can to help. It's not so much like if they, if they disown me tomorrow, like I think that would just make everyone more upset. Are you giving Your mom a cut? No, I I'm not arguing that they should disown you. I mean, I understand like a mother's love for their child. I'm saying that it is unnatural for your mother to be counting the finances that you're earning from having 100 strangers violate you on the internet for cash. You know, and that is the part that there, there's just no way to normalize that. There's no way to normalize that I'm a parent. There's no way. Like, like I have a daughter and the idea of being involved in that, like, it's not saying that if she goes down that path, that you're not going to be there and, and pray and hope that, you know, she changes and speak to her about that.


And Sam always going to love you. But I I I view it as predatory pre you know, parental behavior. And I don't think I would necessarily, I don't think it's fair to even describe it as my parents are liberal. I mean, I'm obviously not a liberal, I'm a conservative, but none of my liberal friends, liberal family members, their parents would view this also as demonic. Whether they have faith or not. They would just say what parent would want that for their child? Because your mother is old enough to understand what the implications are for your future. You know, you already comprehend what the futures are making it. I I get that you turn everything into a joke. I think you, you do that really to protect yourself as an armor. I don't, I don't think you actually think it's funny, but to recognize that like you, you're, you know, a beautiful young girl and you're, you're never gonna have the prospects, you're not gonna have a man that wants to have a family with you because they're gonna see you as damaged goods your mother partaking in that just so you know, is a form of abuse.


It is, it's abusive. And this kind of gets into the broader point and I think the, the, the main takeaway of what's going on with Lily Phillips is that all across the world we are facing I think a crisis, a crisis of parenthood parents that want to be friends with their children, parents that have given into, and I wanna be clear, I don't like her confining this and saying, well, this is what liberalism is. Yes, liberals tend to be quite liberal on the sex topic, but even them, I think a bridge too far is 1000 men one day. But it, this is a slippery slope, right? This is the slippery slope of the sex revolution. And it's why I'm very proud of my faith.


I I I think the church got it right. I think things have become increasingly undone in this culture of sex education at school, teaching people that sex is healthy, having multiple partners is healthy. It is why I hate the modern feminist movement because it leads women to these, this point of believing that they're gonna be empowered the more partners that they have. When in reality what they're doing is they're decreasing their prospects in the future. And So I think Lily Phillips is an important cultural moment. I think it's, it's good for liberals and conservatives to consider what it is that she's discussing and to realize I hope that we have more in common and to kind of go back and think through the 1970s and the sexual revolution and the indoctrination that children are going through into believing that you're somehow backwards and you're wrong If you wanna save yourself for marriage.


But what she's doing is, is totally progressive. You know, if that's progress, I wanna be clear. Send me backwards. I'm archaic. I am totally, totally fine with being considered completely aggressive and backwards on this topic of modern feminism. I think it it cheapens both women and it cheapens both men. And that's all I'm gonna say on the topic of Miss Lily Phillips. Pray for her. Truly. Hopefully she will not go through with this, but my guess is is that she's, she's too far deep in and the people that are surrounding her are absolute monsters. All Right guys, the best way to help you keep God at the center of the season is by joining Hallows Advent Pray 25 prayer Challenge.


Hallow, as you already know, is the number one Christian prayer and meditation app in the world offering thousands of guided prayers to help you get closer to God. And their prayer challenge is called For God so loved the world and it's going to help you experience the transformational power of God's love this advent season in the Prayer Challenge, survivalist Bear grills and Jonathan Rumi from the chosen guide you through the book, A severe mercy remarkable story of a couples encounter with God. You'll also hear from Pastor Francis Chan and Jeff Cavins as they take you through reflections on scripture. Plus actor Kevin James will be a part of the challenge to discuss the spiritual classic divine intimacy. This season will be such a beautiful opportunity to be seriously transformed by God.


So do not wait. You can get three months free right now when you sign up at Hallow dot com slash Candace. Spend time in the most important thing this Christmas, your relationship with God. That's Hallow dot com slash Candace for three months free of Hallow. Alright, let's start with Tucker Carlson. He's in trouble 'cause I'm not in trouble. So he's in trouble. Just like I said, it's a game of, of ping pong and obviously what gets you into trouble is hosting conversations and getting people out of this propagandist web of information that we have in the West. I think now people are realizing we are severely propagandized, we are told one version of events and it's really just what whoever's paying the most money to our politicians in DC at least pertaining to America.


So you've got big pharma propaganda and you've got the war machine. And obviously I, I do wanna say this, we are now at the tipping point on the, on the conversation about Israel. And it's gonna annoy me 'cause I know in 2025 all of these conservative cowards who were quiet and allowed everyone else to take the bullets, oh, Tucker Candace, take the bullets and not say anything are then gonna come around and start being passionate about it and start calling things a genocide. And you know, just remember that they, they always wait until it's fashionable enough and then they pretend that they're brave. We saw this with like the Covid vaccine. I was like, no, from day one, anti lockdowns called all of these names by the media attacked. I was anti Ukraine day one. And then once it becomes fashionable, then the conservatives are like, okay, is it safe?


Okay, cool that has, has Candace tested whether or not the pond might break in the winter? Has she gone across, okay, is it safe? Okay, now I'm gonna pretend that I love ice skating on, on ponds, whatever, that's my point. But anyways, Tucker has been really great at just hosting conversations. He is not as vocal about his opinion, but what he opinion very clearly is, is that there needs to be more free speech and he has not been an Israel single fan. He's want, he wants to actually get to the bottom of what's happening in this region. And he's recognizing that there are things that are problematic with BB net and Yahoo. So particularly what is has been coming up, and I have to be honest, when I saw this probably two years ago, I thought it might have been a conspiracy theory, speaking about the ambitions of Greater Israel.


Essentially a plan that has been in place for a very long time that Israel has had to expand its borders, knowing fully well they would have to conduct various wars, various genocides, and have the western media on their side because Israel does not have the enough bodies in Israel to support their war ambitions. So they need to severely propagandize lobby black male politicians in the west and people in the west to go fight their wars. That seems to be cracking. So Tucker had on this guy, Jeffrey David Sachs, I say this guy, I, I feel like that's a bit disrespectful. He's very well respected. He's American economist, a public policy analyst, also a professor at Columbia University prior to even being at Columbia, he was a professor at Harvard for 20 years.


And I'm gonna going to note here that he's Jewish, so he's allowed to speak about this without having to deal with the smears of being called an anti-Semite, which is just a pathetic folk form of trying to condition people not to look at this issue objectively. Similar to Black Lives Matter back in 2020. Anyways, so here is Jeffrey Sachs and he's discussing what's going on in Syria as a part of BB net and Yahoo in the state of Israel's ambitions to just extend their borders and to pretend that they're the victims in all of this. We had this plan and we just got lucky with this October 7th thing and we're gonna execute it. And he's reminding you guys that as your media tries to pretend that Syria is this corrupt country and oh thank goodness it fell and we handed it over to Al Qaeda.


You know, actually no that's a complete lie. It's completely made up. Syria was a functioning country under Assad. Christians were being protected. And then Netanyahu's got a Netanyahu. Take a listen. Syria was a normal functioning country at the time, despite whatever you read, whatever propaganda is said, Syria was a normal functioning country. I recently dredged out a report by the International Monetary Fund on Syria in 2009 that praised the Syrian government for its reforms and its rapid economic growth and look forward to continued years of economic development.


In other words, it was not this wasteland or this battlefield, it was an actual normal country. Was It a threat to the United States? It was no threat to the United States whatsoever, but it was deemed to be by Netanyahu, a threat to Israel because of a simple reason, which is that Netanyahu wants to control, all of Palestine wants to rule over the Palestinian people, does not want a Palestinian state. And that has led to militant opposition, that's led to Hamas, that's led to Hezbollah, that's led to other groups.


Netanyahu's theory is, well we're never gonna allow a Palestinian state. So we have to bring down any government that supports those militant groups against us because our core aim is greater Israel. That's not much of a worthy cause by the way. Having a Palestinian state next door and having peace could have saved probably a million lives by now over the last 30 years. But that's not Netanyahu's crazy ambition, which is What is greater Israel. Greater Israel means depending on how crazy the people are, either that Israel controls not only its geographic territory, but that it essentially controls or annexes the West Bank, the Golan Heights, which they've just enlarged to Gaza, Coen Heights being part of Syria.


Historically it was part of Syria, the it's claimed by Israel and now with an expanded territory and East Jerusalem. So everything that was captured in 1967, Netanyahu explicitly said, we're never giving that back. Now there are two motivations for that. One Nya says not safe to give it back 'cause he doesn't want to negotiate any kind of peace or any state of Palestine. Then there are religious zealots, I would use even stronger terms who use the book of Joshua, which is 2,700 years ago that said, well God gave us everything from from the river in Egypt, meaning the Nile to the Euphrates.


And there are zealots in Israel and they're in the government who believe, yes, this is God's ordinance, we're gonna take whatever we want, we're going. So the Nile's, The Euphrates would include what, What? Well, if, if, If you take the, If you take the, the greater view of this, it would include Lebanon, it would include Syria, it would include part of Iraq, it would include part of Egypt. And some of these people actually quote the Bible and say, we're gonna do this. And it's, it's a little sad and absolutely terribly frightening, but I'd say the more narrow vision is what they call from the river to the sea, from the Jordan River to the Mediterranean.


That's taken as a a pro-Palestinian chant. But it's exactly the opposite. It is the greater Israel literal vision of the government of Israel. It's the literal idea. There happened to be 7 million Palestinians there. That's a, a minor problem. Maybe they can be ethnically cleansed, maybe they can be thrown out, maybe they can just be ruled in in military dominant way. Of course, probably well over a hundred thousand have been killed in the most recent war by Israel.


Official count, 45,000 of bodies claim from the rubble. But we know that there are a lot more that have died since this war in Gaza began. But all of this is to say, this greater Israel idea says we can't make peace with the Palestinians. So anyone that supports the Palestinians is by definition a mortal threat to us. And when you have a mortal threat, you must destroy it. So there you have it. I think people are finally in the west waking up to what's going on. Every single thing that Israel has accused other people of doing is what they are doing.


They are guilty of committing a holocaust against the Palestinian. They have been explicit in their aims. What he describes as perhaps religious fanaticism, I would describe as terrorism. You are watching this on your screens, like he said, the low estimate would be 45,000 innocent people that have been murdered because of these ambitions. You just have to look for it guys. You just have to find these clips of BB net and yahoo. It's not acceptable. I think all of us had these factory settings as children. And this is in large part due again to the amazing amount of spending that APAC has done, the power that they have, which JFK tried to stop right before he was conveniently assassinated. He told them that they had to register as foreign agents and they refused to do it despite the State Department sending them multiple notices saying you are being commanded to register as foreign agents.


And then he died and that went away and they began spending and investing in our school system and they're spending and investing in Hollywood. And all of us had these factory settings that, well, if the Jews say something's happening to them, then we must believe everything they're saying. We want to make sure that we are not backing a holocaust. We would never want bad things to happen, happen to Jewish people. And we never considered that. People who are Jewish like Bibi Netanyahu might be the very people that are executing it. You know, the closest thing that we've ever had to an Adolf Hitler in my view is, is Bibi Netanyahu. And so if you've ever asked yourself what you would have done If you were alive, the answer to your question is happening right now.


If you have not used your platform to speak out about what's happening against the Palestinians, to do the basic amount of research, to get around the mainstream media, to recognize that these have been plans Greater Israel for a long time, accusing the Palestinians when they say from the river of the sea of it being a genocidal chance. And I can't believe Elon Musk bid on that when in reality it is an explicit call for genocide and their belief that they're biblically allowed to commit a genocide if they want to in order to have the borders that they want. That's happening now. And So I am grateful for brave people like Carlson. I'm grateful for independent media and just grateful that God gave me the clarity on what's happening in that region before it was too late.


And hopefully, hopefully it's not too late and we get to, to make a difference by just having these sorts of conversations. All Right guys, taking a moment to remind you about pre-born because every baby's life is a precious gift full of potential and dreams that are waiting to unfold. That's why pre-born the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk. Babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies pre-born network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. As abortion continues to rise, preborn is expanding their life, affirming care to help more hurting women and save more lives.


If you have the means, please consider a leadership gift to save babies in a very big way. A tax deductible donation of $15,000 will place an ultrasound machine in a women's center saving countless lives for years to come. And now Preborn will match your gift doubling the donation amount. To donate dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely@preborn.com slash Candace. Again, that's preborn.com/ Candace. Alright, Right guys. As a final tragic topic, obviously we have to talk about what's happening in Madison, Wisconsin, and I really wanna talk about the broader, the broader aspects of this. Another school shooting and a, a young woman being the one that was pulling the trigger.


That is what is so shocking. It is not something that you think about for women to, to harm young people. It is so spiritually backwards. It's stunning to me to think of a 15-year-old girl with her entire life ahead of her doing what she had done. So First and foremost, let me just tell you what happened, because it took place again at a private Christian school in Wisconsin. Six people were injured, including a teacher who was killed and a teenage student which was killed. Obviously as in most of these circumstances, you find the suspect is a coward and they immediately take actions to end their their own life. That was the case for this young woman whose name is Natalie Rup.


Now again, 15 years old and she has been confirmed as the shooter. She was also one of the students at the Christian school, the Abundant Life Christian School. And people have been able to dig up some information on her, particularly one ex reporter. And thankfully for X, thankfully for this reporting is I'm so tired of us having to wait, You know, 20 months after the FBI approves that we're allowed to read the manifesto or have access to it and by then they've gutted everything that's important. No, we have to have, we have to understand what is happening. We are obviously facing a mental health crisis in this country. We can just park aside any dumb arguments about needing to pass more gun legislation laws.


Obviously you're not allowed to legally obtain a gun as a 15-year-old anywhere in the United States. And this is a case of her saying that she tricked her father and she got it. And the conversation that we should be having, which we have been having today, is about broken homes. Broken homes. Because this is a, a teenage girl who had an extensive online obsession with school shooters and death. She used a, a pseudo, a pseudonym, Sam online, and she would often reference the Columbine shooters. If we had all of these agents, the FBI, the way they swooped in on January 6th, if only they could pay attention to teenagers who are idolizing and posting pictures of other school shooters right onto their Tumblr pages.


Maybe some of these things could be avoided. Anyways, I wanna read you this Twitter thread from as she looks to sort, she used to be involved in media, maybe Rebel News. Redux Point is, is it's an independent journalist and she was able to make contact with the alleged boyfriend of the Wisconsin shooter. We've looked into this, the information that at Slate has posted all seems to be legitimate and is being confirmed slowly by the mainstream media apparatus. Anyway, she says that the boyfriend, I wanna be clear, we're kind of putting boyfriend in air quotation marks here because they were on, they were in an online relationship. It wasn't a real life relationship. They met online and and considered each other to be boyfriend and girlfriend.


He was very forthcoming with everything obviously, because he was quite shocked by this. So here are some of the facts that are being delivered by this reporter. First and foremost, her boyfriend knew her as Samantha. Again, like I said, that was a name that the shooter was using, but not the real name is is Natalie, but definitely went by Samantha online. She also went by a different name. But the boyfriend said that on her school identification card, she had adopted the name Samantha. As I said, she was a student, she's 15 years old. She was born female, presented as female. This is not a transgendered manifesto, but the manifesto that she did create was entitled War Against Humanity.


And the manifesto is six pages long. In that manifesto, the shooter speaks about having extreme difficulty in her relationship with her parents, who she referred to as scum. She claimed that her family did not love her or want her, and expressed feeling like she was just the wrong child of her family. She had planned to commit suicide a long time ago, but felt that if she had committed a shooting, it would be better for evolution rather than just one quote, stupid, boring suicide. She expressed deep admiration for other shooters of the past and she off offered particular praise for, and forgive me for my pronunciation here, CIC Tum, who was the Turkish neo-Nazi who committed a mass attack earlier this year and stated that that person was her inspiration.


She referred to him as the ultimate saint. So you can see this person was chronically online, chronically reading the manifestos and in my viewpoint, looking for a way to be seen. Because what we were able to do was to confirm that she came from a really rotten background. She had parents that had been divorced multiple times that were battling addictions. This wasn't something that she was alleging, this is something that was true. Here's a direct quote from her manifesto on her parents. She wrote, I see my parents as failures for everything they've done to me and just kind of effing with my life. There never was helpful advice given to me. It was all bs. The world itself is BS to be fair though.


So why should I or you see so much in it? I've never really liked my father to be exact because honestly, why should I? Our hate is mutual to each other. He will never see me as his daughter. He will never love me like he loved his ex or her kids, or even alcohol. If that doesn't matter, it doesn't matter anymore because nobody heard me out and just made fun of me my entire life and I'm sick of it. So you get the point here, obviously she came from a very rough upbringing and it is implied that her father's an alcoholic. Later on in the thread, our ex journalists expressed that her understanding was that Ru no had been bullied at school. It's something that at least the boyfriend had emphasized to her because like I said, this reporter spoke to the boyfriend for four to five hours to get as much information as possible.


So this is really incredible work and court records. This is going back into the thread court records I have seen show she's telling the truth about the repeat divorces in her family and ongoing legal battles between her mother and father. So this is a circumstance again, where society is trying to diagnose the gun. Society wants to believe that there's some quick fix. We need more government, more government involvement. And I look at this problem and I think how we got to this place in society is because of government involvement, right? We had households that were together, we had people that were aspirational. Going back to Lily Phillips. We had people that were growing up believing they should save themselves for one person, get married, have a family focus on their family, and everything became radicalized with the modern feminist movement.


You suddenly had people wanting to pursue independence that suddenly the idea of having a family that's super together didn't see attainable women started drinking more. The alcoholism rates amongst women is something that I'm working through right now in a book that I'm publishing in January, realizing how much more women binge drink. You know, not having stable parents at home making divorce something that's just an easy option. Oh, now you can just get a divorce whenever you want. You know, we have removed the sacred from the home in so many ways. And so when I look at this circumstance and this girl who basically took out her internal pain feeling that she didn't belong, that nobody loved her, that her father hated her, that her mother was in many ways emotionally abusive, I guess you could say.


And her resolve was when we know the world just must be broken, the the world must be broken. So it doesn't matter what I do in this world, it would be an act of service for me to harm people on the way out. It would be an act of service for me to kill people so that they don't have to live in this world. That's tremendously sad. Obviously this girl became a monster and she did something monstrous. And the victims in this, it's, it's just so sad that people lost their lives because of an absence of parenting and a refusal for society to have an actual conversation of how we haven't increased guns in America. Guns have always been in America since our founding, and yet we've never seen a circumstance of kids like we are seeing today that are looking for this sort of attention, that are willing to go through these sorts of lengths to be seen.


They've, they've never been more vacuous, they've never been more lost. And it's not gonna stop. It's, it's genuinely not gonna stop until we start addressing the real problems and, and stop blaming inanimate objects. That's, that's my personal opinion on that. So we will stay up to date on this guys. Please pray for the victim's families. Also pray for the people that are in critical po condition in the hospital. Pray that they pull through this. And again, goodness to think about these chronically online kids posting this stuff and the parents are not unaware of it. It's, it's just completely unacceptable. That is, it is completely and utterly unacceptable. Do you owe back taxes? Pandemic Relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents and field officers.


The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Do not waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends, obviously. Tax Network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients and they can help you secure the best deal possible. So whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can definitely help you, whether it's business or personal, even If you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a private free consultation or visit tn usa.com/ Candace.


Again, that's tn usa.com/ Candace. Alright guys, before we go, I'm gonna get into some of your comments regarding episodes past. I can't believe, by the way, it's Tuesday. We only have three more days of the show this year. It's very sad. I'm gonna miss you. Are you gonna miss me? Don't worry, we're gonna like, have to pull up some old episodes. You can still listen to me on Spotify and I'm just gonna be missing you guys and, and checking my tags on Instagram. Alright, first set of comments. This is from Zible. He writes, Iraqi immigrant served two terms in the military. I love you from the bottom of my heart, Candace, I pray for you. I thank you for all that you do. Thank you. And please know that when I say that I'm pro veteran, I'm not like the fake pro veteran fake America first people who are like, no, we should get out of wars unless it's for Israel, which is like every war that we're involved in and whatever terms you were serving in the military, I'm going to go ahead and guess did not actually make America any greater, but certainly helped the greater Israel ambitions.


Habiba writes as a South Asian Muslim, it's so refreshing to see conservatives in America, especially Christians actually seeing through the lies Western media paints about wars in the Middle East instead of just eating it up, literally. Thank you Canice, you are doing God's work. God bless. Thank you guys. I mean, like I said, I wouldn't even exist or have gotten through this year if it wasn't for you guys recognizing that all I was trying to do was tell the truth and the Christians are gonna need more work in America because Christian Zionism is not, has nothing to do with the Bible. It is a pol political, it's, it's a heresy if you're trying to even think of it in the context of theology. But really it's just a political movement. And the only way to conquer that, which I'm gonna work on, is to really get into the Schofield Bible and the history of the Schofield Bible and getting Christians to recognize that this was a Zionist funded project before Israel existed.


In 1948, the Zionist Congress got together and decided that they were going to need to brainwash Christians in the West to accomplish their goals. And this is just the reality. This is the true history of the Schofield Bible, making you believe that you're gonna be blessed If you turn a blind eye or celebrate the mass murder of Muslims in the Middle East. It's, it's, it's just a nonsense. There's some, it's, it's so heretical. It shouldn't require theological discussion. It should just be like instinctive that something's wrong If you accept that narrative. And it's a tough conversation to have. And obviously for me it's even tougher because I was Protestant. It's something that pushed me into the Catholic faith because I realized the Catholic, the Catholics who are so libeled and smeared and how always have been in America, and that's intentional.


The media hates Catholics that that hatred stems from the fact that post Pope Pius the 10 when Theodore Hertzel visited him, said, no, Israel, you don't have a right to become a country and we're not gonna support you. And there's a lot of history there. Again, we will get to it in the new year. I'm really excited about that. Next up, JLC, internet rights. You can't put America first If you put Israel on the same boat, there's not enough room for both. Choose America. That simple. Well said. Joe Carroll writes, it's time for America to do its own thing for its own citizens and nation. No taxpayer dollars should go out of their own country for the next few decades. Make it happen. Great again. Unfortunately, we are an economic slave country to Israel and I don't see any signs of that slowing down under the Trump administration.


He has not indicated that he would stop that at, but I think it's gonna be something that he's gonna have to grapple with. And I'm, I'm grateful for that. I think, you know, for Trump, all of us getting behind him, this was really about redemption and he needed to win because what happened in 2020 wasn't fair. But the conversation is going to be very, very different in 2028. This sort of like Zionist pledge, people wearing Israeli pins on stage as they're asking you for your vote to be the president of the United States. It's not gonna fly. And so some major headways, I'm, I'm very, very excited about it. Kua writes well in Rabbi Smoothie's defense Pineapple pizza is a crime. Okay, I agree.


I have to say like, just like, I'm sorry, my producer just gave me a dirty look. I see you gimme a dirty look. You of course, of course you would like pineapple people, you're just weird. He's just a weird guy. Of course he likes P people. It's wrong and it's so wrong. I haven't even tried it. I can't even explicitly say anything against pineapple pizza because I have the basic morality to know that I shouldn't even try it. And some people don't have that. They just go, I'm just gonna try pie of pizza. It's crazy. And clearly Skyler, the producer is one of those individuals, it makes me sick. Alright? Right guys. If you're feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday, you are not alone. Prices remain higher than ever and a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards. That is the perfect time of take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Financing can help you unlock the equity in your home and you can start saving right now.


Your customers save on average $800 a month. Just imagine what that could mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments giving you extra cash for the season. And wouldn't it be nice to start off a new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments, it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christmas is going to be here before you know it. So call one of American financing's salary based mortgage consultants today. You can call now at (800) 795-1210. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing net slash Owens. Again, that's American Financing net slash Owens. On the topic of Kaitlyn Clark, I just thought conservatives were being way too aggressive towards a 22-year-old who is allowed to experiment with ideas.


It's a good time to do that. And she's not really harming anybody. I think she's just trying to survive. This person says, why should Kaitlyn Clark acknowledge anyone? The award was given to her. Yeah, exactly. But the pressure that's put on her, of course, because she's an immediate firestorm, guys. I mean, we know what this is. There are the prevailing thoughts. She's being bullied all the time. They're constantly asking her race questions. I didn't think she really went that far. She wasn't exactly taking a knee and shredding the constitution and saying, I hate being white. She was just pedaling the talking points that she literally learned in school five minutes ago. They learned about white privilege actively. Why people are taught to believe that this is real. That there's just like some sort of a social science. Again, she's 22 years old.


There's a lot of things for us to be outraged about. I think like give Kaitlyn Clark a shot, Sandy CIK writes Candace, the way you schooled Megan Kelly was so empathetic. The way you carry yourself as the epitome of grace. It's evident that you used all of life's challenges to shape yourself into a strong and wise Catholic woman. And may I add a funny one? Thank you so much. You know, I just, I don't have an issue with Mekel. I just think that she's quite angry a lot of the time and I just feel like she just doesn't give the same grace that she gives herself. You know, like I thought it was trans, I was cool with that. I mean, she know notoriously issued an apology for saying something very sensible about blackface during Halloween because she wanted to keep her job. And like I said, she was in her mid forties when she did that and people forgave her.


So I think, I think we can give a little bit of grace here to Kaitlyn Clark. Keith writes, Nope, sick and tired of the white privilege trope. Clark should have said everything she said without that garbage. Yeah, it's, it's easy to, to say the sort of stuff from the internet and not so easy when, even me as 35 years old dealing with firestorm all the time, it comes with so many consequences that for a lot of people, you just say the easy thing when you're being asked a question about something and you are getting bullied every day by people who are older than you, who have a lot of power than you don't want people to hate you in the WNBA and she said a thing. That's it. I, I just still do not think this is that big of a deal for a 22 year olds kid because we were all idiots when we're 22 years old.


Like I said, I was on the left. I believed all the things about feminism, and I would just be like totally miffed if a bunch of conservatives who have had time to deal with all of their thoughts and didn't come out of school and learn these things were just randomly attacking me. For me, just trying to be what I think is a good person. I think her heart was in the right place, even though she said something that I disagree with. And If you heart's in the right place and you're just wrong, maybe just tell somebody they're wrong without screaming at them and telling them that they're gonna have no more fans and their life is over. I don't know. Am I crazy? Am I crazy? Am I too sensible? Who knows? Anyways, you guys, we will see you tomorrow.