(0s):
All Right guys. Happy Wednesday. So Nick Fuentes, If you haven't heard of him, he is the leader of the online gripper movement. Well, he got doxed last week, that's a term meaning that his personal address was leaked online. And some feminists, leftist activists decided to show up at his house and one of them decided to ring the doorbell and confront him. Here is a picture of her in response. Nick Fuentes Pepper sprayed to this woman, this woman that you're looking at right here. She got pepper sprayed. I'm not laughing, you're laughing. But of course the moral question that lays before us is whether or not that was the right reaction for him to have. We're going to discuss that in related news. It looks like Trump's election has apparently pepper sprayed the ratings of M-S-N-B-C and CNN because they're now announcing mass layoffs and a corporate sale.

(43s):
It seems the era of government sponsored propaganda is coming to an end. But first, promises made, promises kept because Donald Trump just announced an entirely new Department of Government Efficiency, doge, which will focus on dismantling other government departments that we don't need, just wasteful spending. And it's going to be led. I have a VA Ramaswamy and Elon Musk, and this is a very good time to remind you that when it comes to government spending, you simply do not hate these politicians enough. And I'm gonna show you why. Welcome to CANDACE.

(1m 29s):
Okay, before we get into it, right at the top, I just wanna mention that the meeting happened. I mean, Donald Trump, president Donald Trump went for two hours to meet with Joe Biden in the Oval Office. And Melania Trump, our resident gangsta, completely blew off his wife Joe Biden. There was no tea between Dr. Jill Biden and Melania. But yes, this meeting between, I would say the minds, but kind of, sort of whatever's left of Joe Biden's mind and Donald Trump took place in the Oval Office. But I have to just show you very quickly this clip that's circulating because just look at how happy Joe Biden looks. It's incredible. This is just the press approaching them after their meeting. Look at this.

(2m 17s):
He's like a kid with his daddy. He's so happy. People are saying that they think that Joe Biden maybe voted for President Trump. And I think that that is totally plausible. I sense relief. He's just so tired of cosplaying the president of the United States. It's so embarrassing for him and his family can barely walk up the steps and he's tripping and falling all the time and he's just like, yay, I get to go onto a beach in Delaware forever and retire. And we are happy for you Joe Biden, and we totally understand why you voted for Trump. Alright, now back to business because let me tell you something. Like I said at the top of the show, you do not hate your government enough. Like I feel like my audience is very much aware and understands that we're pretty much just all slaves being run by a criminal, financial, and pharmaceutical global cartel.

(3m 1s):
But I promise you that after this episode, your distaste for government for governance is going to scale to new heights because, okay, lemme just bring you up to speed. It's long been rumored that Trump would bring Elon Musk and VA ramaswamy into the new government. And now that he's won, much of what these two have said publicly about government in general and how they would fix it has grown increasingly relevant. So here is Elon Musk. This was just him last month during an appearance on the sort of Carlson show. Listen to what he had to say. Well, we just take a look at, at at all the federal agencies and say, do we really need whatever it is, 428 federal agencies? Like there's so many that people have never even heard of or, and that have overlapping areas of responsibility.

(3m 46s):
We should, I don't know. Probably we should get, I mean, there, there, there are more federal agencies than there are years since the establishment of the United States, which means that we've created more than one federal agency per year on average. That seems a lot Sucker. That's A lot. That's a lot. So we should have, that seems crazy. I think we should be able to get away with 99 agencies. I don't know. That seems a lot like a lot of agencies. It's a lot. Yeah. Yeah. Two per state, that's a lot. Yeah, exactly. We should have fewer agencies and and they certainly shouldn't have overlapping responsibilities.

(4m 28s):
And, and then we, we need some kind of, we just need a review of regulations to say which ones are sensible and which ones are not. So in case you missed it, we have 428 government agencies. Can you name them all? Can you name even 10 of them? I mean, it's just completely absurd to think that government has grown this big. And obviously as government grows big, the individuals grow small because you every, every time you're going to work, you gotta pay these agencies and you're going, what are they doing? We can't even get a pothole paved in time. We look everywhere across America. It's gotten so ugly. And as I said, we're just being taxed into oblivion. I mean, what exactly are these agencies doing? And this is one of the reasons by the way that I got involved.

(5m 10s):
You might recall very early on with the VE Ram Swami's presidential campaign. I really liked the fact that he was rich. Now I know that you're probably going, you liked that he was rich. Yes. Because our minds are so warped about that it is good to have wealthy people running for office because then you know that when you send them to DC they're not going there to get rich. They've already made their money. And I like that he was speaking about this topic, how we needed to slash government budgets. And you can also listen to him on Tucker Carlson. He went on a couple of months ago to speak about how we needed to fire all of these bureaucrats, take a listen, The mass deportation of millions of unelected federal bureaucrats out of the DC bureaucracy. And I do think that is what's going to save this country the long.

(5m 52s):
But you can't do that. I think you actually can. Yeah. You can't fire. We can all be fired. I've been fired many times. Yeah, I'm sure. Well, you just lost a presidential race. Yeah. Like we've all, the only group that cannot fail that has actual tenure is not Harvard professors. Not even. Yep. It's not even, yeah, it's federal bureaucrats. No, Amy Wax just got, you know, tenure is, is no protection at all compared to the protection of federal employment. Yeah. So, so the one difference is, first of all, we have a president who I think has the spine to actually step up and do it. But the second thing is we actually have a, and not to get too, you know, in the weeds here, but we actually have a legal landscape with the current Supreme Court that allows us to do what couldn't have been done in the last half century, But they have a moral right to work from home.

(6m 37s):
Yeah. 10 hours a week at our expense at a far higher wage than the average America. Oh, Absolutely. Yeah. So the funny, the funny thing is, but they Have a moral right. You can't, you can't complain about It. You actually brought up a really interesting dimension of this. If you literally just mandated that they have to actually show up to work Monday through Friday. I know radical idea. They Don't, they don't go to Work. Actually, a good number of them would quit that way. Right? Right. That step alone. So you don't even have to talk, talk about you're a mass firing a mass exodus. Just tell them they have to come back five days a week from 8:00 PM to 6:00 PM Like many Americans, most Americans who work hard to earn a living in this country just show up physically to work. You'd actually have about a 25% thinning outta the federal bureaucracy right there. So that's an easy first.

(7m 19s):
Okay? But we still haven't answered the question what exactly it is that all of these agencies are doing. So I don't know if you're aware of this. I mean, you guys might not be following government politics as much as I have been over the years, but Senator Rand Paul, who happens to be a legend, does this annual Festivus where he releases to the public a report on government waste. Okay? He just wants you to know what your government is actually spending money on. Okay? Are you ready to hate them forever? Because if you're listening to this after a long day of work, knowing that basically 45% of whatever it is that you earned is going to go to the government, let me tell you, you are about to be big mad because my jaw just hits the floor. Every time I learned this, the more that I learned about what we're spending on, okay, I'm gonna start slow.

(7m 59s):
This is according to his report. According to the Office of Management budget, the federal government spends more than $1.7 billion a year to maintain 77,000 empty buildings. Okay? $1.7 billion a year of our hard earned taxpayer money is because they're like, we just don't wanna get rid of these buildings, these 77,000 buildings. I guess they wanna make sure that they have a real estate empire. We also, and you guys probably know this one, US officials testified that $38 million in covid payments went to people that the United States government absolutely knew were dead.

(8m 38s):
$38 million went to dead people. How does that exactly work? What does that actually mean? Why does this always feel and sound like it is simply money laundering? It's gonna get worse. I, I promise you it's gonna get so much worse. Then there's just tourism where they just send money and millions. For example, the United States Agency for International Development approved sending $6 million to boost tourism in Egypt. Most people can't even afford a flight outta the country. But they wanna make sure that in the event that you can afford a flight outta the country, that you consider maybe going to Egypt. So they send Egypt to money. And in total we have sent spent $100 million on Egyptian tourism.

(9m 19s):
Why does this feel like money laundering? Also, the NIH gave $2.3 million to inject beagle puppies with cocaine. Yeah, sweet little beagle puppies, they were like, Hey, we are gonna need $2.3 million to inject them in cocaine. And now I'm just thinking how much of that money went towards the cocaine? Why is the government so easily able to get cocaine and what's going on here? What is the end goal here? Where, guess what, that wasn't even enough money because even after getting all that money, they said that they didn't have the correct equipment to drug the puppies. So it sent the puppies over to a different laboratory, the same laboratory that had just received 13.5 million to inject monkeys with Ebola and tuberculosis and other deadly viruses.

(10m 7s):
Okay, great. Now, just in case you're thinking this can't possibly get much worse, this is so insulting. Why am I working? Why are they taking my money at all? Just listen to Rand Paul, explain more of the things that our government has spent money on. Okay. Things that you have to go to work to support the agenda. Agenda of like they need to fund these very important programs. Take a listen. In the early 1970s, William Prox Meyer, a conservative Democrat, pointed out that the National Science Foundation was spending $50,000 to study what makes people fall in love. Hmm. Now that's a better, I think topic for Cosmopolitan Magazine than it is for a government study nowadays.

(10m 48s):
It's gone up. We spent a million dollars having young people take selfies of themselves while smiling and then looking at it later in the day to see if looking at pictures of yourself smiling makes you a happier person that cost you a million bucks. We spent a million and a half studying the mating call the Panamanian frog to see if the mating call of the country frogs was different than the city frogs. We spent nearly a million dollars studying the Japanese quail to see if they're more sexually promiscuous when they're on cocaine. I think we could have just poll the audience on that one.

(11m 29s):
Oh, what You've never wondered whether or not the Japanese quail was more sexually promiscuous after a couple of lines of cocaine. I mean, it's, I, I wake up every day and I wonder that if the Japanese quail, and I think it's important that we keep drugging these animals with cocaine. Like, I mean, I just like the quails are just out there, un, un unsa. Like just like a total totally being insane because we're spending millions of dollars to figure out whether or not they are more sexually promiscuous. Why are we doing that? Are we even doing it? Are we saying we're doing it? Could you imagine a million dollars spent given to people to take selfies so you could see whether or not after looking at selfies of themself, if they were happier and exactly how are you measuring that happiness?

(12m 10s):
Like when are you measuring it? How does it actually work? Again, why does this always feel like they are just laundering money through organizations to people, more bureaucrats of course, that are under their payroll, probably getting absurd salaries to do these sorts of things. Also maybe dabbling in a little of the cocaine themselves. I'm gonna guess if you're gonna spend millions dollars on cocaine, maybe the staff is a little hyper that's working on these things. I just can't believe it. It is crazy to consider that these are the things that we spend money on every single year. And it's funny, but it's also not when you're in an economy like the one that we had been in for the last four years where people feel like they're getting robbed and they go to the grocery store, like you get two items and they're like $1,000, please.

(12m 51s):
You're like, I literally have a bag of chips, houses $1,000. Anyways. So Trump decided to put an end to that and he hired some rich guys to do it. Elon Musk be Ram Swami, like I said, makes total sense because these guys aren't gonna go to DC to try to make themselves rich in a statement that he delivered on truth social. Trump officially named both of them to the newly minted Department of Government Efficiency. Here is what he had to say. I'm pleased to announce that the great Elon Musk working in conjunction with the American Patriot VA Ram Swami will lead the Department of Government Efficiency. Together, these two wonderful Americans will pave the way for my administration to dismantle government bureaucracy slash excess regulations, cut wasteful expenditures and restructure federal agencies essential to the Safe America movement.

(13m 34s):
It'll become potentially the Manhattan Project of our time. It's this last paragraph that's even more impressive because he says at the end of it, their work will conclude no later than July 4th, 2026. A smaller government with more efficiency and less bureaucracy will be the perfect gift to America on the 250th anniversary of the Declaration of Independence. I am confident they will succeed. Yes. Like that just makes me feel so good and patriotic to hear that because this was not our founding father's dream. Okay? They understood that taxation was theft. And when taxation was introduced, I mean income tax is theft. And it was introduced. It was because, oh, well it's gonna be temporary.

(14m 15s):
It's because there's a war and we therefore have to tax you guys so that we can win it. And then of course, they never, ever, ever undo these things. They never undo these temporary things that they say are being put into place for our safety or so that we can win a temporary war. War just never end. And so to hear him make that pledge is a major promise made. And I have all the faith in the world. I don know Elon Musk, but I have all the faith in the world in Mave Ram Swami because I really got to see his vision, his energy, his focus. He's absolutely brilliant. And I am so glad that Trump and him are able to partner on this with Elon Musk to get this done. It's gonna be big. I'm telling you guys, this is something to look out for. So be happy, be glad at least some things are going our way.

(14m 57s):
Maybe not everything, but I'm telling you this next two years, we just won the house officially. It took forever to announce, but we won the house, we've got the Senate, we've got the presidency. These next two years are gonna be fun, you guys. All right.

(15m 7s):
Pausing really quickly to remind you about pre-born, because in many ways this past election brought abortion to the forefront. There are many states that have radicalized abortion and thousands of babies will continue to lose their lives, which is why the ministry of Preborn, the nation's largest pro-life organization, is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers who are facing unplanned pregnancies. Preborn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country, equipping them with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth, all at no cost. Preborn knows that when a woman sees her baby on an ultrasound, she's twice as likely to choose life because of this hour year end goal is to sponsor 20,000 ultrasounds saving over 15,000 babies. So I hope that you'll help us reach this goal. It costs just $28 to sponsor one ultrasound. Any gift, whether at large or small, will go towards life. And now Preborn will match your gift doubling the amount. So please donate. Just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that is pound two 50 baby. Or you can go to Preborn dot com slash Candace. Again, that is Preborn dot com slash Candace.

(16m 12s):
Okay, this Nick Fuentes story, it's a pretty interesting predicament. So I, I'll, I'll let you know what happened and give you the backstory and the lead up to this activist, feminist activist showing up at his door. Okay? So basically right after Donald Trump won, there was a lot of trolling, a, a lot of trolling that happened online. I participated obviously because it just felt like a major win after the celebrities were all crying and basically just, just so presumptuous about the way that Americans would vote because Beyonce was here and J-Lo was here and LeBron said something. So we had a little fun in the first 24 hours. And part of this was a lot of men on the right, conservative men were trolling the left by pretending that all of their worst nightmares were actually coming true.

(16m 55s):
My former colleague, Matt Walsh, was one of these men. Here's what he tweeted, he wrote, now that the election is over, I think we can finally say that. Yeah, actually Project 2025 is the agenda. LOL. And I saw this all over the news. He was in the Daily Mail. They're like, oh my gosh. We knew it was real. And it was very funny that the reporters took him. Literally, he has nothing to do with the administration, he has no idea what their agenda is, but they were obviously in a bit of a emotional spiral. So they took this to be legit. Similarly, Elijah Schaefer tweeted this. He wrote, this is, come on guys, this is funny. He wrote, starting in January, it will be the law for women to dress like this. And he has women lined up, dressed in handmaid tail outfits, and people freaked out and were going, oh my gosh.

(17m 41s):
They're finally showing their hand. We told you guys you had to vote to avoid this, and now they're telling you that we're all gonna have to wear these costumes. But they, the left couldn't pick up on this troll. And Nick Fuentes kind of won the troll when he tweeted this. He tweeted, your body, my choice forever. Look how many views that tweet has 93.8 million views. It caused a firestorm and people were reporting on it as if it was legitimate, as if he has any connection to the Trump campaign, or he's going to be suddenly become a person that is going to be named to a position. They freaked out, lost their minds. And then what happened in response was some leftist activist decided to figure out where he lived and they posted his address online.

(18m 24s):
So Nick got docked. They said, here is his address. One young woman, actually she's 57 years old, an older woman or a middle aged woman you could say of who describes herself as a vegan feminist agitator decided to go to his property. Her name is Marla Rose. And she decided to take it further. She wasn't just outside socking the property. She decided to ring his doorbell and to confront him. And we know this, by the way, this is not hearsay, this is not allegedly. This woman then went on her Facebook and bragged about what she had done. She did not expect Nick Fuentes to have the reaction that he did. He pepper sprayed her, he pee, literally pepper sprayed her.

(19m 5s):
And she has the footage, she has released the footage. And I'm gonna show you that footage. Now take a watch and listen, Hi. Oh my God, what whatcha doing outta here? And So it looks like her phone got inside somehow she says that like he grabbed her phone and he pepper sprayed her. And in an interview with Vice, 'cause she was giving interviews immediately after she says that what happened was she was outside of his house taking videos and taking photos.

(19m 47s):
I don't know, to what end again, likely because she was a part of the group of people that were doxing him. She had previously posted his address onto Facebook, what Facebook had taken it down. And she said, while she was taking these videos and photos, another woman who was also stalking him outside, said something to her to the effect of, is this where that douche bag lives? You should ring his doorbell and find out. And then she told Vice that it felt like a dare. So she walked up to the front door, she says, there's no laws in our state against doing that. There's, there were no, no trespassing signs or no, no solicitor signs. There was no gate that wasn't opened or fence. So she felt that she was allowed to do that. And she had barely touched the doorbell when he flung the door open and sprayed her with pepper spray or mace or whatever.

(20m 34s):
And when asked if she was going to press charges, she said that, from what I can understand, I have a number of months to decide and I'm still trying to decide. I don't wanna end up in a gulag Now that Trump's elected woohoohoo. Okay? So people were kind of debating like whether or not this was the right thing to do. And they were showing pictures of her and she's got like now very crazy colored hair. And some people were saying, well, this is a 57-year-old woman and she's not a threat. And I just really begged to differ with that. I'm sorry, was I the only person that was alive through Antifa when a bunch of, like nothing was more terrifying than like a group of people marching with purple hair with the crazed look in their eye who were doing things like throwing chairs into restaurants, setting fire to certain things.

(21m 17s):
And these were people that looked flimsy and harmless, but they were just radicalized by the idea of hating Trump and hating Trump supporters. And here's the deal. These are, and I live in a state that by the way, you can stand your ground. I, and I'm saying this now as a parent and as a mother, if a person put my address up on the internet and then decided to ring the doorbell after taking videos and taking pictures and I see you talking to somebody outside and I've got kids on the inside, the best case scenario would be that you just got mace. That would be the best case scenario is in a stand your ground state. We could just shoot you like she could have actually ended up shot had this have happened somewhere like Florida or Texas or Tennessee. This is not a smart thing for people to be able to do.

(21m 58s):
And like I said, to assume that somebody is harmless when you know that they are already so crazed that they're putting your address and signaling to other people that they should go to your address over a troll online. That is a, a very light assumption. It is not assumption that I would make. And it's funny because the cop who I guess was on the scene sort of recognize this, like why are you complaining about what's happened here when you put yourself in this predicament? She shared this. Marla Rosati shared this on her Facebook page. She wrote, the cop actually had the nerve when I asked about pressing charges to say for what I said, dumbfounded for assault. And he was like, well, you went through his door.

(22m 38s):
Yeah, thank you Bay Cop. This is just one of those things where our people are just looking to be oppressed and looking to get into trouble and trying to see if there are laws that will allow them to say that they were the victim when they are the ones that are starting the confrontation. You could have just scrolled past the tweet or understood that people were just trolling and being extreme because they were trying to make it seem like all of your M-S-N-B-C CNN nightmares were a reality, when in fact they were not. So I Judge CANDACE says that she got lucky that she just got maced and it could have been so much worse if she had appeared on the doorstep of someone who was in full mama bear mode and that that I just can't even imagine. I would spend at least one night in prison, but I would sleep so well on that jail floor, that cement floor.

(23m 19s):
I would sleep so well knowing that I defended my kids and know that the law was on my side. In a state like Tennessee, you just, you just don't make people feel threatened by showing up at their homes with crazed eyes and purple hair.

(23m 31s):
All Right guys, before we get into what's going on over at M-S-N-B-C also, I see you guys speaking about Tulsi Gabbard appointment in the chat. And yeah, there's been a lot of appointments. I'm gonna get to that in the comment section. But I just wanna remind you guys about Nimi because this episode is sponsored by Nimi Skincare, my favorite skincare brand out there. They've come to be known as America's skincare company because they formulate and manufacture all of their skincare products here in the USA while supporting pro-American causes and organizations. Nimi Skincare is American Luxury Skincare delivered directly to your door at an affordable price. Nimi has everything you need to rebuild an awesome daily skincare regimen to cleanse, brighten, and protect, plus help the fight to fight the key signs of aging. Another reason I love nimi is that they are a Christian led company that stands firm in their values of faith, family, and freedom. And If you sign up right now@nimiskincare.com for subscription to save 15% on your routine, you will also save additional 5% If you use code Candace at checkout. Plus, you'll receive a free gets on every third order. So If you aren't sure where to start, you can take their skincare quiz to find the perfect routine for your skin. That's NIMI nimi skincare.com promo code CANDACE today.

(24m 39s):
Okay, so MSN BC is facing a major ratings plunge after Trump's election victory as more than half of their primetime audience flees. So this is an exodus, this is an M-S-N-B-C exodus. Their primetime viewership has plunged 54% in the days after Donald Trump won. And they are owned by Comcast by the way, which used to draw a daily average of 1.1 million viewers throughout October. And now they are seeing their audience shrink to a daily average of 736,000. And so they are realizing that this is not going to work long term. This amounted to a 31% drop after Trump's decisive victory.

(25m 23s):
And that's not it. It's their primetime shows, including, I never even heard of this. Alex Wagner tonight, all in with Chris Hayes and the last word with Lawrence O'Donnell, they dropped 54% in viewership according to Nielsen data. And their primetime ratings in the days after election have fallen 51% from a to year to date totals while Fox News ratings rose 58% in the same period. Now this is shocking to really nobody, I'm actually shocked that they're still on the air just these years of Trump. It really, really is something that boggles my mind that anybody is still watching M-S-N-B-C or CNN. And if they're looking for a reason as to why, while we have all of these podcasts that are now topping the charts that have a larger audience than they have and they're trying to work the equation, what is it misinformation?

(26m 11s):
Is it disinformation? Why does nobody wanna listen to us anymore? I always think it's good to take a trip down memory lane and to watch M-S-N-B-C as they were, which I would say was at their peak. And this peak continued for years to follow. The first time that Donald Trump was elected president of the United States, we do a flashback to this amazing clip that will never get old. Take a listen, America is crying tonight. I'm not sure how much of America, but a very, very significant portion. And I mean literally crying. Everybody is crying And so upset and it is the end of their world. It feels like the end of the world On a lifetime last night, right?

(26m 54s):
And I was slowly getting drunk is what happened to me? How do we explain how this is possible? How did This happen? Experienced politician versus racist, fake gynecologist. Get your abortions now because we're gonna be and we're gonna have to live with It. You're awake by the way. You're not having a terrible, terrible dream. Also, you're not dead and you haven't gone to hell. This is your life now. This is our election now. This is us, this is our country. This is a Different earth today than it was 24 hours ago. It's a different place cause it just is different. The Woman who President Obama called the most qualified person ever to run for the White House, couldn't break through.

(27m 35s):
The question remains, who can Deeper concerns tonight that the world's shining light of democracy has gone dark. Decency lost last night. And that's what's so hurtful About this. This was a white lash. This was a white lash against a changing country. It was a white lash against a black president in part. And that's the part where the pain comes. So yeah, you could just watch a soap network opera. I, I think that's pretty much what their viewers have realized. If I'm gonna watch this, I might as well just watch a soap opera network. And like I said, they have kept this up more or less. We saw this obviously through this election night.

(28m 15s):
They're so dramatic, they're so over the top. They pretend the world is ending and then the world just keeps not ending. Like they pretending that it's all over and then it keeps not all being over. So yes, the viewership is down. CNN is announcing mass layoffs right now. They're saying that they have to cut back on spending. And somebody asked me earlier, I went on Knee Oliver's show and he said, do you think that they can turn it around, you know, if they fire the right people and hire the right people? And my honest answer is no. Because once you portray trust, it's really hard to get it back. And it has been too long. Like they have called people racist sexists, white supremacists and misogynists for a solid eight years now, eight years really since Trump came down that escalator in 2015.

(29m 1s):
They have admonished the public told them that everything that they think is wrong and backwards and you're not just gonna magically wipe that slate in people's minds and just have Jeff Bezos write a letter and say, Hey, no one's listening to us anymore. I appreciate the effort. I think it was in a tremendously humble moment from Jeff Bezos in the Washington Post for him to say and admit that they have gotten things wrong. I can see already now the reporting is kind of changing and they're talking, speaking about podcasting in a more favorable light. I actually got good coverage in Vanity Fair or fair coverage, not even good coverage, but fair coverage twice last week in Vanity Fair. And I was going, okay, the editors are now trying to turn the page but it is too late.

(29m 42s):
Like Americans no longer trust you and it's completely over. Which is why nobody actually cares that Don Lemon is announcing that he's leaving X. And you can imagine his reasons, his reasons are the terms of service is unfair. Let me just let Don Lemon put it in his own words. Take a listen. Hi everyone. Hi Dawn. I loved connecting with all of you on Twitter and then on X for all of these years. But it's time for me to leave the platform. I once believed that it was a place for honest debate and discussion transparency and free speech. But I now feel it does not serve that purpose. In addition, starting this Friday, November 15th, X is implementing new terms of service, which among other things states that all disputes be brought exclusively in the US District Court for the northern District of Texas or state courts located in Tarrant County, Texas.

(30m 36s):
The full terms of service can be found on my written statement or on the X website. Now, as the Washington Post recently reported on X's decision to change the terms, this quote ensures that such lawsuits will be heard in courthouses that are a hub for conservatives, which experts say could make it easier for X to shield itself from litigation and punish critics. I think that speaks for itself. You can find me on YouTube at the Don Lemon Show. That's my favorite part. So he says that, oh yeah, there's now in the terms of service that you have to sue them in Texas and Texas believes in free speech and that speaks for itself. Then he tells you to find him on YouTube. Guess what? YouTube's terms of service say, yeah, YouTube terms of service say that you have to sue them.

(31m 19s):
If you're gonna bring a a, a court claim forward, you have to sue them in California. So they're hypocrites. They just can't stop being hypocrites and they just think people are too stupid to figure them out. And in reality they're just not happy that free speech is winning and that freedom is winning and that they are losing. And it's gonna be just such an exciting two years before we have midterms, two years where we know that we have the house guys, we have the Senate, and we have the Oval Office and Trump better do some damage. I do wanna say this because I know everyone's feeling a bit mixed about his picks. It's one, one second. It's such an amazing pick and you're going, oh my gosh, yes, this is lovely. And then suddenly, suddenly you're scratching your head and you're like, Marco Rubio, what on how, why, why Marco Rubio?

(31m 60s):
And you're feeling like there's neocons that have infiltrated and then suddenly there's an America first person. And I'm trying to work through what I think is happening. Look, I think Trump took money to run. We know he took money to run, he took a hundred million dollars and I think that that comes with some agreements, some quiet agreements. And I think that he's getting pressure from people to make good on a hundred million dollars. And so he's going to have to give them something. And you know, they wanted Mike Pompeo, who as we showed you yesterday, is one of the most corrupt politicians, former CIA members ever who's guilty at least believing what Tucker Crosson is telling you. Guilty of trying to plot the murder of someone who he simply had a disagreement with Julian Assange.

(32m 40s):
And So I think they are trying to get the deep state back in there and Trump is fighting it the best way that he knows how with safeguards, safeguard appointments like putting in Matt Gaetz, putting in Tulsi Gabbard, putting in people that he knows actually hate the deep state. I mean Matt Gaetz was a victim of the deep state. So that's an incredible appointment. He is as America first as it possibly gets because he saw how they tried to harm him and ruin his life with lies. And So I think what Trump is doing is basically putting in place checks and balances. And that's gonna have to be enough for now. Is it going to be perfect? Nope. It's not gonna be perfect. I'm, I'm gonna be real with you. I'm not gonna be one of these people that just cheerleads every appointment or stays quiet about the ones that I think absolutely suck.

(33m 22s):
But he's the best we've got and it's looking pretty good with Ave Ram Swami, Elon Musk, Tulsi Gabbard. Now in there he's gotta get RFK Junior in there on health. Trust me, it seems like internally they, they're already waging a war. So take the wins, understand that the wins are, are going to, I believe, be sufficient over these next two years to see some major changes. And as long as he begins that process, by the time we gets 2028, I, I think we're gonna be full blown America first. So let's, let's celebrate the wins. Alright, before I get to some of your comments or rather this last story I wanna cover, I'm gonna remind you about American Financing 'cause I know that there are so many people that are feeling overwhelmed right now thinking about the upcoming holidays.

(34m 2s):
It's hard to think about when everything's more expensive and credit cards are being pushed to the max. So now is the time to pay off that debt and get your finances under control before the holiday season. So If you are a homeowner, American Financing can help you access the equity in your home for instant savings. They are saving homeowners just like you, an average of $800 a month. And If you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments, giving you an extra holiday fund. It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christmas will be here before you know it. So call American Financing salary based mortgage consultants today. Call today at (800) 795-1210. That's 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing dot net slash owens.

(34m 43s):
Again, that's American Financing. Do net slash slash Owens. Okay, can I show you this video because my sister sent it to me and it's so sweet and it's gonna put you in a really good mood. Before I get into some of your questions, this is young Laura Dalton, who does not think that I saw her video that is circulating on YouTube. And I think this just feels good for us to see because I think gen, gen Z is the hope. They really are. They're waking up. And that is why you are seeing these wolves in governments fight the hardest or like animals backed into a corner realizing that they are, they're losing touch with the younger generation and the younger generation is the future. Laura Dalton posted this onto YouTube, take a listen.

(35m 25s):
Hey everybody. So I just have the compulsion to make this video because it's been sitting on my mind and hopefully this reaches the right person that I'm trying to target this at. I just wanna say huge shout out and a huge thank you to Candace Owens and all of the work that you put in. So I've started listening to your podcast every time you submit a or upload a new video. And it's really helped me in so many ways to learn about the reality of our government, especially. I've heard about a lot of these things and I've done my own independent research. And it is crazy that once you look into what's actually happening behind the scenes, once you just do a little bit of research, you really realize that we are served an image of reality on a cookie platter.

(36m 19s):
And it is so far from the truth, it's so far cherry picked to fit lies. And So I just wanna say thank you Candace Owens for continuing to continuing to speak the truth. I know a lot of people are really rooting for you and your audience continues to grow. I believe you're doing the right thing. I personally pray for you and your wellbeing and your safety because I do think that you are exposing a lot of deep lies. And the further you continue to go down the path that you're on, the larger your audience will grow, which is great, but it's also very threatening to the people who are telling the lies. So just know that God's looking after you and that no weapon formed against you shall prosper.

(37m 3s):
Which I know you probably know. But yeah, I just wanted to say personally, thanks very much. My name is Lauren. Yeah, I'm here in northwest Arkansas, so maybe you'll see this video, maybe you won't Look at that. Not even, not only did I see this video, I now put it onto the show. So she's gonna see that you guys, you can support her. We'll put a link so that you can give her a comment and just give her some love and tell her that she's on the right track. I feel like our Gen Z kids are just, like I said, they have got their heads screwed on, right? They know what is happening. They don't believe a legacy media. They've turned that off and they're just, they're, they're making me feel so optimistic. And so If you wonder why I'm so happy every day I am like, look at that man. Look at what's happening. I, I know it seems crazy because you have people that have platforms like CNN and M-S-N-B-C that are shrieking, but nobody's listening to 'em anymore.

(37m 50s):
We're winning. She is proof that we are absolutely winning. So be happy. Carry that into the day. I had to give you something happy to listen to and wholesome after I went through our government spending. 'cause I know some of you guys were going, I'm never paying a single dollar in tax ever again. Put me into prison. All Right guys, let's read some of your comments regarding episodes past, actually not episodes past, let's just make live comments right now. Sarah writes over 250 billion to Israel with US tax dollars. Don't forget that expense. Also, thank you for my neck response. Yeah, I mean that, it's completely crazy. I I don't understand how people can genuinely say, you know, Israel has a right to defend itself. Okay, but can it defend itself without American money?

(38m 31s):
Because I'm just so tired of everyone being a welfare recipient and us being told that we're supposed to be okay with this. When Americans can't fill up their tanks, can't fill up our gas tanks, and our money is being sent overseas so that other people, we can't even get secure borders. We're like, no, your job is to send money over so that Israel can have secure borders. I'm like, what kind of friendship is this? What do we get back? That's what, that's my question. I know it's a question that're not allowed to ask. So wipe it from the record. Adam. Robin writes, girl, I'm gay. I like dudes. If you were single, I definitely consider switching teams for real. Make America straight again. Okay? I am very happy that I can make gay guys go straight, make America straight again.

(39m 13s):
This person writes, do you ever fear for the safety of your kids or husband because of you speaking up? Love you. Listen, I understand that you can get a wackadoodle. You guys love that. Yesterday, you guys never heard of wackadoodle. And then my team told me that that is an exclusively northeastern term. So yes, you can get a wackadoodle here or there. And the reality is, is they're only powerful in numbers. And I really am someone that If you left around, you would probably find out like, I am not afraid of these lefty loonies. And If you, and that's in my own personal capacity. You put my kids in any kind of risk and I think I would like transfigure into an animal. Like I would turn into a dragon and be able to breathe fire. I would just be out there breathing fire.

(39m 55s):
I, You know what I would turn into, I would turn into a Japanese quail on cocaine. That's what I would, that's what I would turn into. A hundred percent. A hundred percent. That's what the studies are for. They wanna see what Candace will turn into if they approach her and her children. Next question. Skint hun writes aesthetician here. How does Nimi compare to Dermalogica? I have never used Dermalogica, So I cannot compare that for you. Ivy writes, would you be Trump's press secretary? You would be the best. If not, who would you like to see? Well, I would be the press secretary. I would have so much fun being the press secretary, but it is probably likely not going to happen since I've ruffled apex feathers by saying that we should not be giving, like they should not be able to lobby and spend hundreds of millions of dollars during our election.

(40m 37s):
I don't believe in lobbying. I think that it should be banned. And so that means I am persona non grata. I would imagine as a press secretary, which is totally fine. I have already said that I am voting for Alex Jones. I think America deserves that. It would be the perfect comeback tour. And he is actually probably over equipped for the job. If you think about the fact that he's been broadcasting for so many years, he's been following the government, he understands the government decades. He's been on air covering the government. It would be amazing and we would all be watching it like it was Game of Thrones. So that is my vote for press Secretary. Otherwise, I loved Kayleigh Mcny. I thought she was a class act, and I just don't think we've had a better press secretary. At least in my memory. My memory is not great. But in my memory, Kayleigh Mcny really was the Tippity top.

(41m 22s):
Alexia writes Candace 2028. All Right, guys, here's the deal. I'm not keen on running for office, but I will give you this promise right now. If you can get Thomas Massey to run, I will run with Thomas Mass C in 2028. Like that's it. That's my guy. That's my candidate. I will do anything I've said many times. I will crawl over broken glass to vote for this man. If you don't know enough about him, you need to research him. The fact that even when he was young, he was on a show called Top Geek, that he's wired his whole farm in Kentucky so that it's sustainable. He fights the USDA, I mean, he should be named, by the way, he should absolutely be named as agricultural secretary to the Trump administration. But similarly, he's ruffled some feathers at apac.

(42m 3s):
And So I don't think that would happen. In fact, I think Trump should name him to show people that he's not owned by apac because a lot of people feel that way. They're thinking, well, you took a hundred million from Adelson. Does this mean that you are now being controlled? And that a strong sign, a strong, a strong signal that he is not being controlled would be to name that incredibly qualified congressman from Kentucky as the agricultural secretary. I just love Thomas Massey. And if he called me and said, do you wanna run? I said, I would be like, let's run this whole thing. Let's just run this whole thing. By the way, you guys, quick update on a shot in the dark. 'cause I get so many people that are asking. We had some issues getting the files and we have resolved those issues. So shot in the dark. Episode two is now available on locals that is covering the vitamin K shot.

(42m 44s):
And as I promised you guys, next year, we're gonna have our whole new online network thing that you'll be able to go to to look really pretty. It's gonna look just like YouTube, but even prettier. And you'll be able to download the entire series of a shot in the dark. So not a very long way to go, to go. I think my husband said it'll be ready January 15th because he's the brains, you know, he sees the brains of the whole operation. By the way, If you would like to support this show in its capacity to keep our freedom, since we are demonetized on YouTube, you can head to Candace dot locals.com and support us in whatever capacity that you can. You can go to Club Candace dot com, get yourself a mug, a stand us cup. That's another way to show your support. We are eternally grateful for all of your support thus far.

(43m 25s):
It's been amazing to just be at the top of the Spotify chart since we started this thing and really had kind of no idea what we were doing other than the fact that we wanted to be doing it. And so that's why we are just, like I said, eternally grateful to all of you. I don't think there's anything else that I'm missing reminding you a few purchase tickets to our Australia tour. We've bumped those dates into Q1 of next year, so you do not have to return those. We are fighting and we feel confident that the appellate process will be favorable to us given how clinically insane. What Tony Burke did was before I had even applied to my visa, he said it was denied. Very strange. Very strange man. Very strange place. Very strange times. But anyways, you guys, we will see you guys tomorrow.