
All Right guys. I'm really excited about this because everybody sees him on the internet. He's always interviewing people. He's quite controversial, but not really controversial because he just hosts the controversy. He's like a Jerry Springer of YouTube. It's been very, very effective. Pi Morgan, welcome to Candace. Oh, It's great to be here. The JI used to love Jerry Springer. I actually did America's Got Talent with Jerry Springer. I was a judge. He was the host. We both lived at the Beverly Wilshire Hotel in Los Angeles. And we used to lie by the pool on our sambas and plot global domination together. So I take that as a great compliment. You should. I was shocked when I learned that he was a Brit. Well, not only that, was he born here during the Second World War, by the way, during the Blitz in one of the subway tunnels.


But Jerry was a fascinating guy. He was the mayor of Cincinnati. He was a TV serious news anchor for many years. And then he got asked by the network, can you just do this pilot for this crazy new show? He didn't really want to do it. He did it. And it became so unbelievably successful and made so many hundreds of millions of dollars. He could never leave it alone. But he used to say to me, it is the worst show on tv, but it's making me unbelievably rich. And it was a fascinating story. He was a really interesting character, Actually. Yeah, he's a legend. I mean, you just can't deny it. He did something totally different. And yeah, it was trashy tv, but also we all grew up watching it at some point, you know? And There was an honesty to it, You know, where where people, everyone knew what was going on. They all went on for a reason to have their moment.


They wanted to have their moment and their story. And who were we to be snobbish enough to say, well, you are not allowed to. We only listen to Beyonce these days. It's like, you know, it was kind of egalitarian. I liked It. Yeah, I agree. So I think the critique that people would have of you is they don't really know what you believe. Like are you a chronic fence sitter? Do you actually believe anything? Or do your opinions just go this way to return This way, to return this little passive aggressive hand movement? I'm a journalist, and what I've realized, especially in the last two or three years as the YouTube side of what I've done has got bigger and bigger. I've, I've reverted back much more to being a journalist. I don't think journalists should be ideological about the news.


I like to have people on who are ideologues right and left. I like to be the ring master to their debates, as you said, the the Jerry figure, If you like. But I've become far less, probably in my head, far less inclined to position myself to left or right. If you'd asked me three, four years ago, I'd have said, look, my natural politics are probably let a little lesser center. But the woke left has been so insane that rather like Bill Maher, I now get identified by the left as conservative because actually I'm just not prepared to entertain any of the woke madness. And in that process, the pendulum of my personal politics has probably shifted much more central, if not slightly center.


Right. But If you ask me what I am, I don't say a conservative or liberal or any of these things. Now I say I'm a journalist and my job is to actually hold everyone to account. And I think we do that in a way that's actually reasonably unique. Now, in the, the, the world that we're in, I'm the one that holds all these big debates. They get very fiery, but we get everybody on. And I like that. I actually think you are doing a tremendous job. I have to say that I wasn't so keen on peers four years ago, but I think this year you have actually proven yourself to be very, even just hosting both sides, allowing both people to speak and not giving into sort of the ad hominid attacks, the things that are dismissive. Like you will call out someone and say, yeah, this is not debating.


You're just calling this person names. So you, I also know like someone like you, for example, right? You know, people ask about you and they say, well, she's this, this, this, and this. What I've learned is don't necessarily buy into those narratives. Go and actually do your own research. Work out what these people actually said. See the context in which they said it. See what their explanation was for why they said it often leads you to a very different conclusion than the ones that people like to easily pigeonhole people into. And that again, is something I've had to learn. I, I was, I used to be very judgmental as a newspaper editor in particular. And I think I've tried to be less judgmental. Now I'll have lots of opinions, but when it comes to individuals in particular, let me just find out myself.


And I think that is a healthy thing to do in a world where there's a lot of ad hobb and a lot of twisting going on, a lot of little cuts that appear, I see it myself about, about me. And I often say to people, I know you think I'm really controversial, but what is the view of mine that you find most controversial? And when they try and answer, they really struggle because all they've seen is me on TikTok and someone shouting and blah, blah. They haven't actually listened to what my views are. That's exactly right. And I think we saw that. Definitely. I know I defended you on my show a long time ago when everything went down and you got fired and the media was spitting this as If you were a racist. I mean, it's all the things that you could've said about, here's Morgan. I was like, okay, he's suddenly a racist.


Now. It was So preposterous, and in fact, worse than what happened to me was what happened to Sharon Osborne, If you remember, of the Talk, who were Cheryl Underwood and the show's now being canned. I'm pleased to say, 'cause it really died that day when they did this. 'cause it's a show called The Talk. You're supposed to be allowed to talk. Sharon just supported me. She didn't even say she agreed with what I said about Meghan Markle. Although now, ironically, I'd have been fired for saying the complete opposite. If I said, I believed Meghan Markle after the Oprah interview, people would now fire me for believing Pinocchio. Right? So at the time, it was seemed so contentious, outrageous to disbelieve her or to think a lot of what she was saying couldn't possibly be true.


Now, it doesn't seem that way, but Sharon, all she did was say, I support peers. We've been friends for a long time. We worked again on America's, got Talent with Jerry, and she was just showing a bit of loyalty to me without actually getting into what I'd said. And then Sharon, what even supporting him with these racist things he said is, you know, Hey, hang on. What racist thing did he say? And it all blew up. She got blindsided. It all blew, and she got fired from a talker job. She loved for having the audacity to support me, even though everyone knew I hadn't said a racist thing, not one word, shalanda. We couldn't actually say what it was I was supposed to have said that was racist. It was utterly shameful of CBS to do what they did to Sharon that day.


And the fallout from that whole Oprah interview, If you watch the whole sequence of events, really a shocking attack on freedom of speech is really what it came down to. You could say something right now, I'm entitled to say, I don't believe you. Right? And you are entitled to say, well, I'm right because boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. But the idea that your first reaction is, If you don't believe me, your racist, because I'm not white. So sorry, what? That's the criteria. I'm not allowed to disbelieve you because of your skin color. That's how preposterous it was. Well, you know what, it's, it's really interesting because obviously I kind of made my mark as a black woman who was anti BLM from the very beginning, because I saw this, I saw this, this budding and people who sort of were taking this perspective that black people became untouchable after the George Floyd, you know, they're allowed to steal a flat screen TV from Target.


You can't criticize that. And If you do, it's because you're a racist, not because you have some basic dignity and morals. But I'm seeing the same thing now. It kind of has changed, definitely post October 7th. And I've, I've seen those same accusations where it's like, okay, well If you're critiquing this foreign nation in BB net and Yahoo, of course none of us would want our Jewish friends to be harassed. But it's the same e exact same woke game of, well, If you Criticize the Israeli government, you must be anti-Semitic. Yeah, you Hate Jews. Right? And it works the other way too. I see it on both sides. But this is where we've got to, and it's the same with the trans debate about trans athletes in women's sport. We may get to that, but I felt very strongly about that. That any, any attempt to challenge the accepted view, that this is fair and rational to allow biological men to put their hands up, say they're women in compet in women's sport, and, and hammer women into the ground literally with their fists in boxing rings in the Olympics.


The idea that If you do that you are transphobic, that you have a hatred of trans people. I just find completely outrageous. And it's being used more and more by the woke left as a form of, as Elon calls it, a form of communism. Really? This is communism at bay. I call it fascism. It's the same kind of thing in the sense of it's a group of militant people who are trying to shut down any descent, trying to make everyone see the world through their narrow prism. But be it communism or fascism, it's the same mindset. And we will destroy people who do not conform to what we have laid down is the new rule book for life. And people who believe in freedom of speech and freedom and democracy.


You have to fight this with every inch of your life. Because if we don't, we will go down that path of communism, of fascism, of that, of that control world that they want and that that way madness lies.


All Right, guys, taking a moment to remind you about PreBorn, because every baby's life is a precious gift full of potential and dreams that are waiting to unfold. That's why PreBorn, the nation's largest pro-life organization is on the front lines for at-risk babies and mothers that are facing unplanned pregnancies. PreBorn network of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion rate areas in the country. They're equipping these clinics with the resources they need to save these precious lives and provide compassionate support to mothers for up to two years after birth. As abortion continues to rise, PreBorn is expanding their life, affirming care to help more hurting women and save more lives. If you have the means, please consider a leadership gift to save babies in a very big way, a tax deductible donation of $15,000, or replace an ultrasound machine in a women's center, saving countless lives for years to come. And now PreBorn will match your gift doubling the donation amount. To donate. Dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


You know, actually going back to your point about Sharon, the peer pressure that you're speaking about at the top is, it's really important to speak to this because in a way, you either conform or you get fired. Once you get to a certain level in life, and we obviously saw this with you, it's like either you say good things about Meghan Markle, because right now we're at the tail end of BLM, and you can't insult a woman who's doesn't, even if I'm looking objectively look black, I wouldn't have guessed she was black if she didn't offer it. But you, you're seeing that with Sharon Osborne. It's like, okay, well you now have to make a decision. Are you going to be a decent human being and a good friend and be honest about the fact that you've known this man, you've known him for years and not a racist. Or are you gonna say, well, you know, Pierce shouldn't have said the thing, piece of your soul dies, but at least you get to keep your career, right.


We're seeing people confronted with that. Well, I was told very categorically by ITV here who are the NBC of the uk, they said, look, If you apologize for disbelieving her, you can keep your job. And I said, well, I'm not gonna do that. Which I think they probably knew. And I literally left that afternoon. I mean, it was a fated complete you, you apologize. You keep the job. In other words, you grovel, you grovel to Meghan Markle, who unbeknown to me had written a personal letter to the chief executive of the company who was a woman and had said to her, I write to you as a woman and as a mother, you have to fire him. And I wasn't told that in the deliberations that went on that day.


Had I known that I would've gone public with the whole thing and had a very different argument with them, I would've just dug my heels in. I went, you're gonna really allow this duchess to decide who works at ITV. I only found this out after the event two days later. That would've changed how things played out quite significantly. But what was interesting was in the moment, it was also febrile. It was kind of chaotic in mayhem, and it was leading the news and everything else. And I just remember it turned on a dime. In about 24 hours, I began walking around. I felt like the Pi Piper, there were literally people, bus drivers, tooting horns, cab drivers cheering me public, coming across roads to hug me, to shake my hand, because they understood that actually what it was about was a battle for free speech.


And they understood that If you wanna be actually British or American, obviously, but If you wanna be British, actually you gotta fight for free speech. This is what Churchill fought the Nazis about freedom and democracy and free speech. People lost their lives on battlefields so that we have the right to actually exercise our right to free speech. And this played really strongly with the public. I had a book out, it had just come out, I remember it was like number 2000 on the Amazon chart, just first few days. It went to number one in three days, and it stayed there for weeks and sold a huge amount of copies. 'cause the book was called Wake Up. And it was a clarion call to the liberal left to wake up and stop this woke madness before it was too late.


And I'm almost gonna do another book going, told you, right? Because you look at the scale of Trump's win in the US election, and you, one of the reasons was cost of living. Obviously one was illegal immigration, but a, a third big plank of this was the basic destruction of the woke mind virus. They brought in a vaccine called Trump and Elon Musk, you know who ba I know you won't like the analogy to a vaccine, but they vaccinated the, the mi the woke mind virus in spectacular fashion. And a lot of young men in particular went, I'm just done with this. I'm sorry, I'm just done with this crap. It's not based on fact, I'm not gonna be bullied anymore into going along with this nonsense and I'm going to exercise my right to freedom and freedom of speech and freedom of thought and expression.


And I think that was really important part of that election actually, and I'm very glad to have seen it. I've just noticed some things, being someone that's married to an Englishman, that there, there are these slight differences across the pond and it's, it's hard for people to really understand what those differences are. But there is no battle for free speech in the uk. I would say it's already lost. And I think that's why you're a very interesting character because you're quite American, whatever I would say spiritually, I would say you're American in that you kind of take the fight to the front. You'll stand by your principles. And British society is, can be quite complacent. I would almost say they prefer to be polite rather than to fight. And what we're seeing happening here now in terms of speech, what's happening with Keir Starr, the censorship that's being called for, it's quite appalling, but I don't really understand in the fabric of England how it's possible to change that or go the other direction.


We have a very strong establishment in this country, which is a bit of an anathema to Americans don't really understand it. It comes down from the royal family, from, from a sense of class that we have in this country of privilege, of wealth, you know, going back to the wealthy landowners who ruled the roost and the peasants who are all doing all the hard graft. And it's not like that anymore. But certainly there's still this sense of the establishment. And If you dare to take on the establishment, then you can end up in very hot water very quickly. And people here are probably naturally slightly more polite than Americans about these things. Slightly more reverential. We still doff our cap to the monarchy, which you will find completely absurd.


But I always think if it hadn't been for Ma King George ii, you would still have a monarchy and you might even have king piers. And wouldn't things be better for America If you did? But I think the, the, yeah, I think it's a fair criticism. Americans do tend to have that. That's why I think one of the great moments of the election for Trump was the fight, fight, fight when he got shot was that instinctive, combative streak of fight. We are a nation of fighters here too, but we've been battered into submission, particularly on issues like free speech. I feel very uncomfortable when I see people, you know, grandmothers being rounded up and put in prison for something they put on Facebook, even if what they're putting is offensive and horrible and vile, actually, as Churchill himself said, you know, the thing about free speech is it's not listening to stuff that you agree with.


It's about the ability to hear things you really don't agree with vehemently, but accepting that someone's right to free speech. Now, I, I get there are lines about incitement to hatred and violence. Of course there are, but really old people gobbing off on Facebook, they're going to prison. When you think about types of people who don't go to prison these days, I think a lot of people in Britain feel uncomfortable about this creeping censorship. And as someone who lost his job, big job here over a really crude example of censorship. That's an example where ironically the, the UK regulator for television, which again, Americans wouldn't understand what that concept is. But we have a, a television regulator called off com who regulate how people can behave on the airways.


They only ended up finding in my favor and said that, had I not been able to say what I said that day on Good Morning Britain about Meghan Markle, it would've been a chilling infringement of my free, free speech rights. But why is a media company having to be told that by the television regulator? Completely bizarre. So I do think that, look, you have the First Amendment, which is an amazingly strong, powerful tool. And I think that we lack something like that here. And I think it's really, you know, Elon Musk has done a lot of stuff on this on, on XI don't agree with all of him about, about what he's saying, but I certainly think he's, he's hid onto something, which is the natural instinct these days is to censor people. And that's a dangerous path to go down.


Take me through like your typical day, because I, I think people wanna know who you are off the clock because you obviously are very involved, you follow politics, you are definitely giving a platform to people to at least expand their mind, even if they don't agree they're hearing different version of events. But who are you actually off the clock? Well, like I said, I've been a journalist all my life. So I see myself as a a, I'm a news junkie. So when I was seven or eight years old, we used to get the Daily Mail newspaper, just a print paper then obviously, and my mom remembers me going through it measuring. I'm seven years old going through reading out headlines from a daily mail and asking about the stories. That's not normal. So I had it in my blood. There were a few journalists in my, in my, on my mother's side in the family and I, I had this news junkie side to me.


I had to know what was happening. You might call it I'm an inveterate gossip. And that's partly to do with wanting to be the first with information and then to tell people what could be more exciting than being the first to know stuff and then imparting it to the world. So it was in my blood. And even today I get five newspapers through the every day on my doormat. I and I love it. Five. And yeah, I used to run two big newspapers in the, in the uk, two big national papers for 10 years. And I love the sound of a thud of newspapers, which I know sounds very anachronistic to someone who's now a YouTuber. And, and I'm aware that newspapers basically going outta business and you know, my kids, my sons are 31, 27, 24, they don't read print newspapers obviously.


They just read everything on their phones or whatever it may be. So it, I'm part of a dying generation of people who still like newspapers, but I love the FUD of five newspapers. I get the Times a Telegraph, the Daily Mail, the Sun, and the Financial Times, and they hit like a thud and it still gets my juices flowing. And it's often early, like at five in the morning, I get up early, sleeping's cheating, I get up early and I read the paper and I pour over them with my old editor's eye just for seeing what's going on. Then I'm onto my phone, I'm checking all the American sites, New York Post, New York Times Daily News, whatever it may be, LA Times I'm checking X obviously, see what's going on there, checking what you're up to, what mayhem you are causing.


And a few of the big people in my space just seeing who's doing what and what clips are flying around, what's trending. And so by like seven in the morning, I've had a really good snapshot, not just of what's happening here, which I only do out of habit really. 'cause all my material is now aimed to an American audience primarily. But I, like, now, I live here most of the time, I've got a place in LA and I go to America for three, four months of a year. But I still consider this my home. But I love to know the new. So by 7:00 AM I know everything that's happened and I know where I should be thinking about what I should be doing on my show. And by then, maybe like at 10 o'clock, my show runner Alex will call me and he'll talk me through what the plan is for the show. Some of the bookings I've been involved with, others will be new to me.


We'll have a mixture of one-on-ones and debates. Today's a classic example. We've got you one-on-one. We've got Eric Weinstein one-on-one. We have a big debate about Israel, Gaza and, and where we are with all that and bringing in Iran and Ukraine. And then we're gonna have a big debate about America and probably actually factoring in on Trump and this $15 million payout he got from A B, C, which is an extraordinary moment for legacy media when they're having to hand Donald Trump a 1 million, $15 million check for calling him a rapist, which is what they've all been doing with impunity for years. I think these are kind of fascinating water cooler subjects. So that's the day pretty well planned out.


But as you know, anything can happen. You know, I've been there quietly, congratulate myself on I'm show well done, come back home, maybe open a bottle of fine French bordeaux, have a little glug, and then I hear Trump just got sharp. And then, you know, and I know, okay, well that's the next three weeks gone then, right? And everything changes. So I love that. Again, I love the, the, the dynamism of the news where things can change in a heartbeat literally. And through the day I'll then keep reading stuff, talking to people might, you know, speak to a few people who've got a particular expert view about any of these issues. You get a sense of what they think. You're always trying to cut through all the partisan noise and the people on the extremities of debate.


You know, the thing about Xs I think under Elon might be a bit better now, but it used to be that 10% of the people on X made 80% of the noise. And you think about that and they're normally skewing to the extremities. There's a lot of extreme noise going on, and you need to cut through that and get to an underbelly of more interesting and rational debate where people know what they're talking about. You might not agree with them, but I always wanna get a sense, like when you and I debate, I often think, well, I don't agree with you, but I actually, it's a really interesting debate, right? Right. You've put the yards in to formulate your opinion. You're not just thinking of the first thing you've seen on TikTok. And I think that's, they're the type of guests I like if I like it more, if I don't agree with 'em. 'cause it's more interesting. You're on a little journey of, of exploration and also don't like to be now.


And this is not how I used to be, used to be very intransigent. I mean, come to some of my more intransigent moments, which I don't look back on in glory. But I certainly feel like I want to learn from people often end of debate now by saying to people, do you know what? I've learned so much from that debate. And that was really interesting. And you, especially when you have two sets of people who know the facts but are interpreting those facts differently, but they're not challenging the reality of what happened. They're just saying, in my opinion, this means X, y, Z. And the other person goes, no, no, no, it means boom, boom, boom. Try to work out actually what does it mean? You know, people often say to me, If you go back to the start of the Israel and Palestine conflict and say 48, you can go back a lot further, but say you go back to 48, you could construct a very good argument for both sides over the next 75 years.


You could, If you were just sitting back and just taking a set of facts and trying to present the ar the argument for the defense of Israel or the Palestinians, you could do a powerful piece for both. And it was a Jewish journalist called Jonathan Friedland who actually said that, which I thought was interesting. And I sort of agree with that about almost all issues. And the, the challenge is to really get into the, the weeds of these debates, analyze the facts, hear the different opinions, and then hopefully the, depending on the power of the argument, the viewers at home, A, they learn a lot, which is what really a perfect show for me, where they're learning things, but B, they can formulate their own opinions and it maybe they go one it, maybe they go the other, it maybe they sit somewhere in the middle.


That's, that to me is a really good debate.


Do you owe back taxes? Pandemic Relief is now over along with the hiring of thousands of new agents and field officers. The IRS has kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Do not waive your rights and speak with them on your own. They are not your friends. Obviously. Tax Network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. So whether you owe $10,000 or $10 million, they can definitely help you, whether it's business or personal, even If you have the means to pay or on a fixed income, they can help finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. So call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a private free consultation or visit tn usa.com/ Candace. Again, that's tn usa.com/ Candace.


Yeah, well what do you actually think about it? Israel and Palestine? I think Removing your journalistic hat, which I know that you, you have been very, even From on a human level. I tell you what I think, I think that October the seventh is one of the worst things I've ever seen. I think the retribution, as I call it by Israel, has now gone way beyond what is acceptable. I take issue with people that wanna frame it as genocide, purely from a technical point of view, that actually the definition of genocide would mean that, you know, if Israel had killed a million people, I could accept the argument this is a bonafide de genocide. It's more complex for me as a journalist, when I look at this and compare it to other genocides and I compare it to other wars that If you take the central argument of Israel, which is put aside everything that happened before, If you take the October the seventh and the scale of it with 250 people being kidnapped, including babies and Holocaust survivors, with 3000 people coming over the border attacking indiscriminately, people killing 1200 and wounding nearly 7,000.


Or If you take the scale of what happened, Hamas knew what Israel was gonna do by way of response. Hamas indisputably have buried themselves into civilian areas quite deliberately for self-protective reasons. And Israel has been, I don't think they've been anything but indiscriminate actually in a lot of their attacks on these areas, particularly on the refugee camps. I think it's completely unconscionable some of the stuff they've done there. And I think that it's gone on way too long and it has to stop. And I think, I always ask people throughout the debates, what is a proportionate response? I didn't have the answer. I didn't know what, what is the correct proportionate response to the scale of October the seventh? And that's before you factor in the background and the history and what people see as the occupation of the Palestinians and the appalling plight of 2 million Palestinians in Gaza for so long.


It doesn't factor in that it's just Hamas do this. What is the proportionate response that's acceptable? I think Israel's gone way beyond what is acceptable. However, I understand their argument that they are responding to as they see a heinous terror attack and they have vowed to get rid of the mass terrorists who did, did this and that the only way to do that is to do it the way they're doing it. And I understand that that is their argument. And I understand that. That to me is different to a country waging a wholesale genocide of a people. So I think it's complicated and I don't have all the answers, but as we sit here now, this has to stop. The leveling of Gaza has gone completely out of control.


I mean, a lot of Gaza is occupiable now. I think the aggressive expansion on the West banks has been a form of terrorism, which is completely unacceptable. I think some of the language of some of the cabinet members has bordered on genocidal. And I think that there are clearly some members of that Netanyahu cabinet who actually would have no problem if all the Palestinians left Gaza right now. And So I, You know, I'm not saying that there's not a potential for a form of genocide to be here. You know, we might look back at this in two years and you might say to me, well, we told you this is, this is genocide what they've done. They've got rid of all the Palestinians that could happen. And I, I pray that doesn't happen.


And I pray that as I've always felt, the only way through this ultimately is fresh leadership on all sides. As we saw in Northern Ireland after many decades of horrific war between the IRA and the loyalists, that ultimately they got to peace because leaders like Clinton and Blair and all these guys came together and they were just determined to get it. And they managed to get a peace now where people in nor Ireland live in relative peace and safety and they live amongst each other. People that used to be at war with each other. It would be amazing to think that could happen. But I think we're a long way off that there now. So I, that's my honest, that's my honest human, I think that was honest view of it. I have a good, I have a good radar for honesty.


I think you're being very honest and I think it takes a lot tremendous for you to even say it because it's so strange to me that we've gotten to a point where people are too fearful to say that what's happening has gone too far because they're scared of losing their jobs. Yeah. And this really shows, and I, I mean, I call it Likud party media in America, they, they have this sort of stranglehold on the media and they can sort of just will libel you and smear you and pretend that you're like a Nazi sympathizer, which gets really crazy. But what we are recognizing now, and you can sense their frustration, is that media game has changed. Nobody cares anymore with the writing. Nobody cares who, who they're smearing, who they're libeling. It actually, in many ways, when they do these sorts of attacks and when they're not based in reality, it helps the person, you know, like the person is given further belief, further credence because people go, okay, well they took all of these fire and all these bullets 'cause they said something that was true And something that was humane.


What do you think, where do you think the trajectory of media in America is going? Because It's, I think legacy media's in massive trouble. I mean, you know, this $15 million payout baby seat to Trump for lying about him is a real turning point, right? Because Trump's win was so big And so across the board and such a repudiation of the legacy media, he basically did it by going on YouTube and podcasters. He just, just circumnavigated the traditional roots of running a presidential campaign. And it was incredibly effective. But also it's, it's the boy that cried wolf. You know, I just remember back to the first two years of Trump's first term when it was just Russia illusion Russia. And when you say things often enough and the public buy into it, I mean, it turns out to be, there was no Russia collusion.


Trump didn't work with Russians to fix the election. It was all just lies. And I think a lot of the media knew it was lies when you perpetrate that scale of lie for so long, but with such obvious zealous enthusiasm to bring him down. And I think that was what struck me was whatever you think of Trump, and I've gone back a long way with Donald Trump and I can see the good, bad, and ugly in him. And he's got all three, although I think he's become a changed man since the shooting and since the election. And we can maybe come to that. But he's very interesting to watch as someone who's known him a long time. But I think that the, If you read Trump's book, the Art of the Deal, his whole thing is, If you punch me, I'm gonna punch you 10 times back.


So for the first two, three years of his, of his presidency, everyone just punched him from legacy media morning, noon and night. 'cause he got 10 punches back. It was all great copy for newspapers, it was great, it was great juice for the cable news, it was all great sport. But how did it serve the American people? It didn't. And in the end, Trump says he won 2020. I don't think he did. I think that Biden won by default because of the pandemic and the fallout from that. And it was very close anyway. And he could have gone another way. But ultimately, I think Trump lost it. But the scale of his win this time shows that people had a lot of buyer's remorse about Biden, a lot of, a lot of probably seller's remorse about Trump that actually, despite all his rhetorical issues, and he, let's put that politely.


But despite that, he as a blunt instrument, he gets stuff done. He can be very effective. And I, you know, I've often had argues with people about the way he conducts foreign policy with America, the way he goes and talks to Putin and Kim Jong and, and gee, I like this. I think it disarms them. They're not quite sure what to make of Trump. I suspect they're far more fearful of Trump as a consequence of their personal relationships and known unpredictability than they are about the far more conventional, well, you're all bad guys, we're gonna treat you like bad guys. And that's it. So I think that Trump has them oddly wrapped around his rather cunning finger. And I think it could be quite effective the way he conducts his foreign policy. But I also think that when it comes to things like his natural instinct for the wall, immigration, cost of living, all the basic stuff, the woke stuff, you know, him saying, I'll just ban all trans women's sport.


Great, great. And I think a lot of Americans, well, yes, yes. It shouldn't even be ambiguous. Yeah. And obviously if we're doing 10 million illegal immigrants across the border in four years, that can't be good for America. How can that be? We need good immigration. Of course we do. We can't sustain this. And we've got the same problem in this country. You raise it, we had nearly a million people came in last year in this country, net migration completely unsustainable for a little island of 67 million people. And yet If you raise concerns about it, you are a racist. Mm. And that's why people like Nigel Far are getting more and more popular because people have begun to think, well, they're not racist, are they? I mean, I don't think he is. I think he's someone who's banged this drum about the danger of uncontrolled migration for a long time.


And a lot of leaders around the world now are realizing that people like him and Trump were right to bang that drum. And it doesn't make you racist to be concerned about it. So I think all these things are kind of flying around. And in the middle of it, I've been sitting there going, who am I now? Right? What does this make me? Right? What, what, what politically, where do I sit in all this? And it's a, it is an interesting question of self-analysis. I don't really know the the clear answer other than it's easier for me to go back to being a journalist and not to really try and work out where I sit because the pendulum has been wildly moving around people that used to be considered on the left.


Bill Maher, are they now? Is Bill Maher left wing? He might still want to be called that. And I love Bill, but actually I would say he certainly centrist at best, arguably a lot the stuff. Now you could almost argue on the pendulum. He might be slightly center, right? That's how far the woke left have taken things. They've driven people like me and Bill, who were conventional liberals to think, well, we have nothing in common for you people. All Right guys, if you're feeling stressed about giving your family a memorable holiday, you are not alone. Prices remain higher than ever. And a lot of Americans are maxing out their credit cards. That is the perfect time to take control of your finances and pay off that debt. If you're a homeowner, American Finance can help you unlock the equity in your home and you can start saving right now, your customers save on average $800 a month.


Just imagine what that can mean for your family. Plus, If you act now, you could even delay two mortgage payments, giving you extra cash for the season. And wouldn't it be nice to start off a new year without that debt and those monthly minimum payments? It costs absolutely nothing to find out how much you could be saving. Christus is going to be here before you know it. So call one of American financing's salary based mortgage consultants today. You can call now at (800) 795-1210. Again, that number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or visit American Financing dot net slash Owens. Again, that's American Financing dot net slash Owens. Right? Absolutely. Okay. So you've been in the room with a lot of powerful people getting to Trump and, and knowing his personality, and you're definitely reading the tea leads correctly.


Who is the worst person that you've been around? I mean, you've, I mean, just to, for people that are watching this. I mean, you partied back in the day with everyone from Mad Donna. I mean, you have been around some very powerful people. Well, she's, she's awful. She is awful. Madonna's awful. Ah, Yeah, I know. She's awful. She's inherently awful. I mean, she's put a picture out today of a faked AI picture of I think the Pope groping her or something. That's classic Madonna. It's just the worst kind of pathetic attention seeking guaranteed to enrage Catholics like me. You, it's like, why would you do that? It's so pathetic, so pure, so attention seeking. And that's been her whole raise on debt. She used to be great pop star back in in her twenties, but now she's just a total embarrassment.


But I don't really think she's a, like, I don't call her by the definition of what you are after, is that a dangerous, bad person? No, it's just a, it's an attention seeking, increasing irrelevance. You know, bad, bad people are people, bad actors in the world are people who genuinely have a malevolent worldview that they have the ability to execute. You know, when you think back to what ISIS were doing, for example, for the first 20 years of this century, that's inherently evil, what they were doing. And you can call out the leaders of ISIS and say, you are inhuman, subhuman, evil people who are trying to get this caliphate, which just has no tolerance of anything.


But I mean the western, like the people that have power in the west. Well, yeah, we'll come to that. So I was saying, obviously we have, so we have the obvious bad actors on the world stage in terms of people who are running countries. My biggest problem is not that they're bad, it is that they're incompetent, which can be as bad. But I, when I hear Elon Musk talk about this a lot, he's so brilliantly competent. He operates at such a high level of competence that he finds incompetent people, incredibly irritating. And I know exactly what he means. I think If you look around leadership around the world, there's a lot of incompetent people. I don't necessarily think they're bad. I mean, Angela Merkel's a good example, right? I wouldn't say she was a bad person. She's not unintelligent. She just turned out to be incredibly incompetent and caused a lot of mayhem for her country.


Despite being lauded in real time. Jacinda Arder, you remember the prime minister of New Zealand was lauded as the covid heroine because of all her extreme lockdown views And so on And so on. But history has not been kind to her either. So I think a lot of people, it comes down to basic competence. One of the problems of Boris Johnson here in this country was, he's just a general shambolic character. The, the, the level of competence seemed very low. Trump first time around seemed chaotic. And therefore, stroke potentially a problem for competence. This time he's surrounding himself with incredibly high performing, competent people like Elon. That's what makes it really interesting to me. And that's why I think his next term could be genuinely transformative.


And people might say, Trump's a bad guy. I don't think he's a bad guy. I think he's somebody who had the wrong people around him first time around and was been beaten up so mercilessly by the media that he's only responsible to go after them with equal venom this time. I see he's calmer, he's better organized, he's chosen his cabinet in record time. He's chosen people who are disruptive, but they're smart and they're just gonna operate on a different way to establishment people would do. But he's got Elon Musk sitting there helping him all the way with all this stuff. It's a lethal combination Trump's instincts and Elon's ability and instincts to operate at a very elite level. So I Do You think, I'm just gonna push back on the Elon Musk thing, and I'm not even pushing back.


I just find myself puzzled about it. I wonder if we're attributing too much s heroism to Elon Musk because he did this amazing thing having free, here's the thing, I think he freed The bird. I think he actually might be a superhero Because see, I think the Vero SW is a superhero. Well, I like him too. Yeah. But Like Elon Musk, I'm just, I sort of, but Look at his achievements Like what do I know about Elon Musk? Really? Let me help you, let me help you answer that question. What You know is almost every business he starts, everyone condemns it to immediate failure. Everyone thinks it's destined to fail, it cannot be achieved. It's always done on a massive, grandiose scale with a massive grandiose plan. And he's delivered. I mean, look at SpaceX. SpaceX is probably the most coveted company in the world right now by every other successful business person.


If you ask them, they all think SpaceX is the company in the world. And he built that. And people said, it's never gonna work. This is going to, you throw good money after bad, it's never gonna work. Look at what SpaceX does around the world. Now look at the satellite systems, nevermind anything else, are just on a different level to anything we've seen. You know, he's even, I saw the other day planning to help with the countryside issue. In the uk, If you live in the countryside, you don't get a phone signal. He said, I'll saw that for you. Right? He just thinks I'll fix Britain. And his phone signal, that's how he thinks. I sat with him in France this summer for a couple of hours and he was talking about Neuralink and what that does and SpaceX and what it does, and Tesla and what the, again, Tesla was rubbish to start with. Everyone said, this is never gonna work.


Now it's the most successful green energy car company in the world. And obviously cars will go that way. He's just ahead of everybody and he understands you can't do it all at once and all these other things. But again, an amazingly transformative, huge big picture business that he's built. Then you look at X and what he's done there, where most amazing stat the other day has gone from 65 7% Democrat, 32% Republican on X to now it's pretty well 50 50. That's Elon Musk. He's, he's, he's redressed the balance. He's made it easier for conservatives not to be de platformed and removed just 'cause of their political allegiance again. So he's, he's, he's, he's democratized, If you like, this very undemocratic, but massively popular, powerful social media tool.


So I look at all the things he's been doing, and I think actually, what's the common thread here? All of it is a force for good. All of it ultimately is designed to save us from ourselves. It is colonizing Mars, humanoid robots, all these other things he's doing. But look at the thing, the space rocket when it landed in the cradle, right? Just the sheer mind blowing scale of ambition that Musk has. And he, he believes we'll get to Mars in his lifetime and we'll start colonizing. And he thinks it's really important. So my point is, If you look at it, what, what is a superhero? A superhero is somebody who thinks on a massively big scale for the good of the people, and often saves the people from themselves by that criteria. And I'm not saying he's a perfect human being.


He can be difficult and all the rest of it. Of course he can. And he wouldn't say he's perfect himself, but by a superhero criteria right now in the world, who is having a bigger transformative superhero world right now than Elon Musk who gimme a name, who's doing more good for the world than, Well, no, there's no question. That's why I'm, I'm, I wanna separate because so what's the but for you, I totally agree that he is tremendously successful and is contributing things to the world that are amazing. You can never take that away from him. And what he did for Twitter X whatever, freed the bird. I, I honestly think he saved like western civilization. No, we were so close. Like it was, it was really a dark period post covid. What I'm saying is to immediately translate that into, would you want this person to be in government?


What Elon Musk's views, despite all of these amazing accomplishments in the past, actually, he was left-leaning. Yeah. Right. So despite all of his brilliance, actually he kind of was going along with the thing until, by the way, so was the thing, kind of ate one of his kids and then he was like, wait, what's going on? Okay, But so was Trump to a degree, you know? So was Trump. No, Trump Was always a businessman. No, no. He was always about his money. Okay. But Trump, he was never a lefty woke. Okay. But Trump did sign up for say this assault weapons ban. He agreed with that. Okay. But, but I'm saying like he wasn't So It, you know, you look at these a lot, Joe Rogan, you look at all these people, there's a lot of people, RFK, tulsi, gaba, a lot of people that you might have said, well, it were sort of leaning Democrats really, who were now, but That's fine. But I'm just saying is that actually I would like to flesh out what his ideas are more because I, and I, and I say this by the way, I'm saying this from like a religious perspective, because I actually am not keen on the humanist agenda.


I'm not keen on Neuralink, I'm not keen on all of that stuff. Yeah. I, I find it, you conflicts People can communicate, which is what it's about. I just think it's a, it's a step too far. Yeah. I'm not, I'm not keen on that. Yeah. See, I like It. I it's, it's sort of the, the bigger equation when we start talking about IVF and the big debate that's waging here, by the way, I think you guys just approved it, right? The death pods. Mm. I just have No, no, I, I understand and I'd like to hear more about that. I, I, So it's not really a judgment against him, it's just more like, okay, now that you're in government, actually I really would like to pierce and understand more about what you believe and crucially, 'cause he is not in government, right? So he's slightly detached. Yes. What I do think is if I would put money on anyone to slash unnecessary bureaucracy and spending in the federal government, it would be Law Musk.


Yeah. I wish he'd come here and do it here. Yeah. I'm very pleased about him. I Might have one question. If we put Elon Musk in charge of a national health service here, what would happen? It'd be great. I can absolutely guarantee he'd turn it around. The guy is a genius. So I think he is a superhero. It doesn't come with no caveats, but I don't think I've ever seen anyone. Well, it's very interesting with, with Musk is what I think you very rarely see that level of elite brainpower that mixes with a love of being a celebrity, which he clearly does. And limelight with the super chilling self-confidence to back himself. That's what I love about him. He will bet the ranch on his own gut instincts to a degree trump's a bit like that. And they'll just barrel through all the naysayers who go, you can't do that 'cause it's never worked before.


They're like, yeah, sure we can. And they do it. I like people like that because they're not always gonna be right. But it's a bit like the old Wayne Gretzky, the ice hockey players. Great quote, you'll miss a hundred percent of the shots. You never take. These guys take shot after shot after shot in Trump's case. Literally took a shot for democracy as he put it. And I think Musk is just an, a fa, utterly fascinating character. And when I had a bit of time with him, just with a little group of, of three of us for an hour, he was just really interesting guy, you know? But you could see he was looking at you and sometimes you think he's gone a bit vacant, he's, and you are talking about whatever it is. And he's thinking about colonizing Mars and literally his brain has moved to colonizing Mars and he's probably just sort of something and he's, he said the interesting thing he said, like, you have to remember everything.


He said, If you replicate Earth, If you forget one vitamin, everyone dies out there. So you can't forget anything, right? It's like really interesting. But You know, ultimately he says, you've got to have somewhere else to go, otherwise one day this won't exist. Then what do you do? It's over. So he's trying to save us from ourselves. I like that.


Alright, so most of the time when a company says free, they really mean see the fine print. There is no shortage of ads from the big wireless carriers offering the latest iPhone for free. But If you look deeper, you realize that to qualify you have to trade in your phone, which is valued at thousands of dollars. You'll also need to be on the a hundred dollars a month unlimited plan and pay $35 activation fees. And that's a lot of money for a quote unquote free phone. So do not fall for it. But pure talk, my cell phone company has a better option. You'll get a brand new iPhone 14, which has all the bells and whistles that you need. Plus you'll get unlimited talk text, 15 gigs of data and a mobile hotspot all for just 50 bucks a month. That is half the price of the big guys. And you get a new iPhone that's powered by America's Most Dependable 5G network. So go to pure talk.com/owens today. Switching is very easy. Plus when you go to pure talk.com/owens, you'll get additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's pure talk.com/owens Pure talk, America's wireless company.


And I think, I don't know, I think spiritually maybe I just have some questions there, which gets me into your beliefs. You're a Catholic, I'm, I just found this out today. I'm a Catholic. I was, I was actually given spiritual guidance by Catholic nuns when I was 11 and 12. That's Incredible. For two years now, is faith still a part of your life or would you say Yeah, a bit of a departure? Do you go to mass? I go to Mass, but not a lot. Okay. I go to, I go to weekly mass, but I do go to Mass and my mother's still a very staunch Catholic, raised us all as Catholics. I believe in God, I, I believe in, in Catholicism what it stands for. Yeah. I mean I I, we all do on my, in my family, we're a big Catholic family and yeah, I, I take a lot of comfort from it actually. And I have a lot of debates with people like Richard Dawkins and these guys and I'm like, you know, ultimately it comes down to this for me, the atheist can never explain to me what happened before.


Nothing. And because the human brain cannot answer that question because how can you, there has to be an acceptance. There is a higher being. There has to be, otherwise you'd be able to answer that question. And they look at me completely like enraged, but I'm like, no, you can't answer it because you could, you, you'd have to be a superior being to a human being to be able to comprehend that kind of question. So because we can't comprehend it, there has to be something bigger out. Absolutely. And I just think there's some on they love logic and I'm like, well, okay, but religion actually carries with it a lot of other things other than just pure logic. But just on the logic alone, that's why I'm right and you are wrong. I think it drives them nuts.


I make the exact same argument of like God is like the most logical thing in the world 'cause you can't explain to me this, so obviously there has to be someone. Yeah. And Then I think it comes down to other things, which is what do you want out of religion out of God? You know, I find it comforting to pray. Right. I've done, I don't do it all the time, I don't pray every night. But there are times in difficult times in your life when you just wanna say a prayer and I've had prayers answered and I've seen it happen. Might be complete coincidence, of course it might be. But the power of having a faith that somebody out there has that ability to help you is pretty strong. And I think that people that have that really feel it. And if other people don't feel it and don't like it and don't want it, okay, but why do you obsess as they all seem to do about what we believe, have your own non-belief and believe in that you're fine.


But shut up about it. Why does it bother you? Nothing to do with you. Whether I believe in God or not. Right. If you don't, fine. If you think at the end of your life that's it, your worm food and nothing happens, fine. I will die a lot happier than you. 'cause I think there's a lot of good stuff waiting for me up there and that makes me feel good. You must, as you get near or near a death feel absolutely bloody terrible because you're thinking that's it forever. And you can't even say what forever is. 'cause you haven't got any faith. I don't think anybody dies. Atheist. Think in those final moments, they're like, okay, you know what? I Bet there's a lot of conversion at the last minute. Exactly. Just in case I'm wrong. Okay, So I wanna ask you this question. You like me have tons of kids lot obviously, which means that we have an investment in what's going on.


Yeah. A real investment in what's going on. I think it's important to have children because of this by the way, because then the political discussions are more weighted and you're saying things that are going to impact your children's future. What would you say like, and by the way, I wanna say you're also a rare person that you've been able to metamorphosize, which is very rare changing times, changing social economy. Now we're online, now you're on YouTube. What would you say is your biggest concern, biggest fear? Like explicitly, what is your biggest fear about the direction of the world right now when you think of that just as a parent? I mean it's interesting what you said about my, my own evolution. A lot of that's driven by my kids. So when you have kids, you see how they operate, you see how they read, what they consume, what they watch.


I'd switched to YouTube because I could see none of 'em watch TV and none of them buy newspapers. So I thought, whoa, hang on. And they're all like in their thirties, in their twenties and none of them are doing the stuff that I did. What are they doing? Oh, they're watching this thing YouTube. Okay, how about become a YouTuber? Literally as simple as that. They were like, dad, no, none of our friends watch this TV stuff. Right? It's all through YouTube. You realize that get onto YouTube dad. And now they all watch it. So they've kept you in it. They've kept you in the game. Oh, I think kids not only keep you fresh and alive and having a purpose, but they also, they also make you less narcissistic. A streak I've certainly had over the years. Because ultimately it's about them not you.


And when you become a parent, you understand that and you become much more concerned about their welfare and what's happening to them than you do for yourself. It's a good thing for people to become parents for that reason. If nothing else, it's the ego's solution I can tell you. But secondly, in terms of what I care about for them, I think it's, you know, it's a lot of things I think that I always try and remind them 'cause all of their friends have anxiety issues and things. It's interesting. It's a generational thing. They're getting bombarded. I mean that Jonathan hate book about from 2010 how smartphone a moment they became smart, started bombarding kids with all this negative dopamine stuff all the time. I think it's a real problem. And I think that young brains get scrambled by the constant negativity.


I think about when I was young, there were walls going on, but you never saw any of the graphic stuff. You had no way of seeing it. It wouldn't be shown on the relatively sanitized news broadcasts. There was no internet, there were no phones, nothing else. You couldn't, the newspapers wouldn't run the really gory stuff. Now If you go on X in the middle of and tap in Ukraine or Gaza or whatever, the most horrific stuff comes up all day long. If you are a young 17, 18-year-old exposed to that, it must have a very corrosive effect on you. And it must make you start to catastrophize. 'cause you think this is what everything in the world is, is is like now. The reality is the opposite. Interestingly, in recorded history, this is by far the best time to ever be alive.


There are fewer wars at the moment raging than in recorded history in the time period. There's less child poverty. Water is cleaner and killing less people. There are less like insects killing millions of people. A lot of the insect that kill people have been eradicated. The the death counts on those little things, which could have huge effects in, in continents like Africa. People are living longer, they're living healthier, they are better educated And so on. And you go through every metric of life. And actually I could present a compelling argument to these kids. Why are you so anxious compared to every generation that's gone before you, you've never had it so good.


And yet saying that is self-defeating because they do feel bad and they do feel anxious. And a lot of it is around phones. I've got no doubt. And we have to, as a responsible generation now of people, we have to understand that, empathize with them and help them get out of it. And also I think we have to attack head on the other aspects of the woke mind virus, which is so destructive. The participation prize culture where little Johnny comes last in a race at school and gets given a prize. How does that prepare little Johnny for the real world? Not at all. Because If you come last at work, lemme tell you, you get fired If you do it often enough. You don't get a prize. Your prize is you get given a cab home if you're lucky.


And that's it. Celebrating failure over success. Being ashamed of being successful and beating your chest. 'cause somehow that's something to be frowned upon. Whereas If you lose somehow you are sort of being gloriously heroic. Well, when did that start? You know, people say, I just passed my driving test at the eighth attempt. I'm so proud of myself. Really? Why aren't you ashamed of yourself? I keep that plotty quiet far. Were you, what are you boasting about eight times to how dumb are you? And by the way, why are you driving? I don't want you out on the road. Right? And yet they're proud of themselves and they share it. And I see all the comments. So proud of you babes. Fantastic babes. I'm I'm saying it's just necessarily a woman.


It could be anybody, but it's just this constant celebration of failure or weakness. Mediocrity. Mediocrity. And also this thing about, you know, you mustn't push people to try and achieve their best 'cause it's bad for their mental health. No. What's bad for their mental health is not being able to deal with the real world. So push people to be physically and mentally strong as they can to deal with the reality. My favorite speech in movies is Rocky Balboa, who is son the, the spoiled brats son in the sixth movie when he finally has it out with him in the street. And he says, life is not about how hard you can hit. Life's about how hard you can get hit, get back up and keep moving forward. That's how winning is done. We've lost that as a society now.


It's like you throw yourself on the ground, almost punch yourself in the face, lie there wallowing in your own misery and everyone forms all over you and celebrates your weakness. How does that help any part of that equation? It doesn't. So we've become, become a society. It's changing. I think the, the Trump win again is a big moment in the sand for this to say no actually. And particularly for young men, you can be proud of being a young man. You don't have to hate yourself just 'cause every corporate woke marketing campaign told you that you're all hateful losers until you can prove you're not all a bunch of Harvey Weinsteins running around right now. Men are being told it's okay to be a guy and you can be proud.


And by the way, and If you are, here are the things that you should do to be, to be a good man in, in life. But you can beat your chest a bit and you can celebrate achievement. You can want to win. You can celebrate winning. And you can hate losing. Actually it's fine to hate losing. Nothing good about losing you wants to lose. Let, let's celebrate it. So I do think there's all these things where I feel there's a correction going. I feel like the woke worm has turned quite rapidly since Trump's win. In a way it became the catalyst because everything Kamala Harris stood for was all this crap. Everything Biden stood for was all this crap. And that ad he did, you know, Kamala is for, they them trump's for you. Devastating. Devastating.


Because in one simple ad it told the story. What does they then mean? There's only one person sitting there. How can one person be they them? Sam Smith can't remember if he's Sam, him, her or they, them must be incredibly confusing when he gets up in the morning. But why do we have to pan into this bullshit, right? So look, I'm, I thought I was liberal, right? But all this stuff just sounds completely insane to me. I think We're all just rational. 'cause I find myself too, I'm like, I don't know if I'm conservative because then I see conservatives doing the woke stuff on antisemitism. I'm like, You know what? Then I find people on the left are now following me and I go, I think what's happening is actually like nature is correcting. And rather than us seeing ourselves as you're on the left, you're on the right.


It's like, are you sane? Are you like a same person? Person said people, person in the middle. Yes. I say, I say, look, take take you, right? You got, you have like me, you have a divisive reputation. But I said, If you ever actually watch Candace, right? I mean, I would say to people when I tweet this, just watch this. Do you get the feeling you're in front of a screaming lunatic, right? Or not? And of course the you are not, right? So I'm not saying you are perfect and you wouldn't say I am, but I don't see the characterization of you that I read about. You have your moments. I have mine. And I had a hilarious conversation with Trump the other day when he said, You know, piers, you're a good guy. He said, you have your bad moments. And I went, well don't we all, Mr. President, we were laughing and he accepted, he said, true, true, true.


But it's, everybody obviously has that. But it, we, we live in a weird place now where your, your bad moments get massively amplified and all the other stuff, which would counter that in a normal conversation where you're down the pub with someone and you say something stupid, but then you say a lot of good stuff and then, oh actually it's a good blow, right? You don't see any of that. All you see is the tribe sees on the moment and flam it out and say, this is that person. Look how awful they are. And it gets amplified around the world before anyone can stop it. And before you know it, you're the most revile human being on earth. You're like, how did that happen? Only for a minute. Cancel culture is officially over. I think we Oh, I think it is. Yeah. It's been canceled. It's been canceled.


Which is amazing. Which leads me to this last question for you peers. What is next for you? I think you're quite amazing. You found this really sweet spot. People look to you now, they respect you for hosting the debate, you know, and that puts you, you're, you're in a unique position right now. Yeah. Feel So what's next? I feel, I feel excited about the potential for Uncensored. Actually I think I hit on a very good title for my show. I want to expand it. I've looked at other places in the digital space where they're getting bigger and bigger. Obviously you are one of them. You've gotta find your own thing. What is your own thing? My thing is I'm not an ideal ideolog coming at it left or right and just pumping my view about stuff and people coming on and talking to me about that. My view is I, I am the ringmaster now to I think really important debates about all the most important stuff in the world.


I also love doing the one-on-ones with everyone from whether it's Kanye to Trump, to Zelensky. I don't mind who it is. I like sitting down with people doing the longer form one-on-ones too. And that combination all playing to what I think at my core is what I am and what I'm now very proud to celebrate more, which is being a journalist. Being a journalist who challenges everybody. Not worrying about being boxed into left or right or any kind of position, but actually just holding everybody to account and trying to get that most precious of things to come out, which is the truth, not my truth or their truth or Meghan Markle version of the truth, but the truth. And once you have the truth, everyone can have an opinion.


When you muck around with the truth and you lie about facts, which are incontrovertible, that act doesn't fly. So I see myself now as the great truth finder in the world on the YouTube and the internet, which is no bad thing. I love it. Well you guys there we have it. Piers Morgan. We got some opinions actually. Solid. I actually totally loved everything that he said here. So that is the we real Piers Morgan Uncensored. Thanks for joining us.