
Okay guys, last day coming to you from Los Angeles. It's been fun, but it's time for me to get home. What do I have for you today? Well, are you familiar with that Count Libs of TikTok? It's run by a young woman named Reic. She spawned an online debate because what she's been doing is capturing the really vile messages and rhetoric coming from left-leaning individuals on the internet. And she's been sending it, sending that content to their employers. She's been successful by the way, because at least three people have been fired from their jobs based on their online rhetoric or something that they said. But people are asking, has this gone too far? Is the right now behaving like the lets? Is this cancel culture?


What do you guys think? Plus, we have got to discuss one of the many reasons and I think really should be the final reason that If, you are still living in this godforsaken state of California. You need to pick up and leave. You are not going to believe, or maybe you will believe the bill that Gavin Newsom just signed into law. But first, check out this photo. It's just the reason I'm in Los Angeles, by the way, of me and Nick Cannon. We've been trying to make this happen for a very long time. We had a wonderful discussion. I'm gonna tell you a little bit about it because we agreed on many things, but we definitively disagreed on one point, which he labels a conspiracy theory, all that coming up on Candace.


So Nick Cannon has been very kind to me behind the scenes since the very beginning of my career. Actually. He has been potentially the only black media host that has wanted to have me on even when the entire world was coming after me for standing up against Black Lives Matter. And so finally we were able to make that happen this week. And we spoke for hours Upon Hours. and I believe that's going to be released next month. It's a show that he has called Council Culture where he speaks to a lot of voices who have been canceled or attempted to be canceled. And so he was happy to have me on and we discussed very many things, but there was this one point of contention, and I'm using that term loosely honestly. We got along great, but we were discussing black culture or what he deems to be black culture.


And I pushed back and I said, this is not black culture. I'm so sick of people telling me that The music that we are hearing, which is demonic and possessed, is something that we should be asserting claim over. Like, oh, this, you have to defend black artists that are producing filth. and I say, no, actually, it's been very clear to me for a long time that black culture has been infiltrated, that there is some sort of an intentional push to sign artists who are creating music that is more and more derogatory. In fact, I think that black music and music all across the board has become somewhat pornographic, but especially black music. I mean. I grew up listening to the Temptations, Laury Hill. You can't tell me that these executives, these, these record executives are crawling all across social media and this is the best talent that they can find.


Of course, it's not. They're intentionally signing these individuals, in my view, individuals like Cardi B, individuals like sexy red because they are trying to impact our psyche. I believe the eyes and the ears are the window to the soul and they know the soul is real and they know that God is real. But as I've told you many times on this show, they are team Satan. Well, lo and behold, I was scrolling on Instagram and I came across this montage of rappers and musical artists speaking about exactly that. Take a listen. So I was on rap stages, rapping about, you know, violence and guns. you know, that we get paid to rap about that stuff. They actually pay us more when we rap about more ignorant stuff.


So, I, make sure I even align and come talk on stages like this. That's kinda why I didn't want to do this song, shake It or like any drill songs, because it is like these songs are activating like these demons that I killed. you know what I'm saying? Like I don't wanna be that girl anymore. Like, like I just, I just wanna be a mother. you know what I'm saying? Like, I don't wanna be that old party anymore. Well, what, what if Summer comes to you as pretty as she is and says, mom, I want to be a city girl.


She ain't gonna be no city girl. So Summer ain't allowed to be no city girl. No, I want her raised totally different. Like, you know, I don't even want her to even see the light of day like that. Like I really want her to just be like, you know, like level headed the school girl. And just on a whole nother way, like, So to be clear, to quickly recap who you had, there was Meek Mill who was speaking about the music that they are told to create if they wanna make money, Cardi B sounding like she was close to tears 'cause she doesn't wanna make that sort of music. And she uses this phrase that the music that she's making, it's activating demons, she says, and again, sounds like she's about to cry.


And then lastly, that was an artist known as Young Miami, who again, is creating this weird paradox that she's saying she creates music that she doesn't actually believe in and that she doesn't want her children to listen to And. there have been rappers who have spoken about the fact that record labels will force them to record demonic phrases and to say demonic phrases backwards and to insert it into their music. So what's actually going on here? And I pushed Ana this, I said, you're calling this a conspiracy, but why aren't you listening to the artists who are saying that this is what they have to do? And by the way, this extends beyond music. I've, I've spoken to models who say that they're basically told that they have to act like sluts, that they have to get naked if they want to get paid, even if they're not comfortable.


They have to do these sorts of things, perform these sorts of scenes in order to get paid. This is how you make money in Hollywood. And Hollywood is dark and Hollywood is demonic in my viewpoint. I feel it spiritually as soon as I land here, I'm just going, this is a dark place. And so here's what's really interesting. I had remembered seeing a clip of an artist speaking about just that his name was, he has since been killed. This was his rap name rather, XXX tenon. He released a song in 2016, which was entitled, I spoke to the Devil in Miami. He said Everything would be fine and I'm gonna read you these lyrics. Slowly he wrote, the tears don't show, won't hurt me now 'cause heart's been broke.


I hate myself, but it won't show. I constantly lose all my remorse. And it's 10 for the wolf and three for the shepherd. And it's one for the sheep who led by your leopard took a bite of your apple. Give me all you can offer. Now I'm trapped in a changing maze, setting my soul ablaze couldn't control the pace. Where is this going? Hey, my Lord, I spoke to a bfat. He said he would save me if I gave him one thing he needed. What is this thing I pleaded? Boy, it's the key to even what you crave will soon be yours.


But what I crave is already mine. Anima tre anima tre anima tre, which means your soul. So he's describing there, if you're, if you're following these lyrics, that he spoke to a bfat. Again, that is the transgendered deity that was created by Satan as people that worshiped the the Satanic Kabbalah. And he is saying that he had to sell his soul. And then they, he was told that he would be okay. He went down to Miami. And so you're, you're hearing this and you're going, is he just writing this as a song? Well, we won't be able to ask him because as I said, he was murdered just two years after having released or having released this. And he was speaking a lot about what was happening in the industry.


Same thing as I mentioned Nick Cannon Kanye, who told me so many things that didn't make sense to me because it's hard to process that this could be happening in broad daylight. Kanye also wrote a song about how he sold his soul to the devil. That when he made this record deal, he understood that he was selling his soul to the devil. And he wanted out of these contracts, which is why he figuratively blew up his life a couple of years ago. He did not want to be contractually bound to any person at all. So I'll ask the question, especially when you hear Tin Tassian speaking about Bfat, right? You hear Kat Williams, as we have shown you many times on the show, who also said that he knew that Bfat transgenderism, this deity that represents transgenderism was going to be a thing in Hollywood, that he knew they were gonna start pushing this down the pipeline to the masses.


I will ask you, when does this stop being a conspiracy theory? When do people start listening to the many artists who are trying to speak out and saying that they are being controlled, that they're being told what they have to sell to the public or else some of them are saying their lives will be put into danger or they will lose everything financially. When do you stop believing the media that all of these people are crazy, that all of these people are lying and that they are producing this stuff out of their own free will and begin to instead start asking meaningful questions? I will conclude this by saying what I always tell you is that Hollywood was intentionally designed as an attack on our spirits.


They are spiritual forces at play. They're creating false idols and they are dragging people further and further into the perverse. So don't have idols in Hollywood, okay? 'cause there shouldn't be idols, period. If, you read the Bible, idolatry is an evil for a reason. Have faith in Christ and Christ alone. And that's all I'm going to say on that


All, right guys? It seems appropriate after speaking to that, that we immediately pivot to speaking about Hallow If, you want to get started on your journey I know people If you, If you haven't been praying for a while, you don't know how to begin. I'm telling you, just start speaking to God, but also If. you download the Hallow app, it can help guide you and it will guide you in your prayer routine. A great way to do that is by engaging with the number one Catholic app in the world and diving deeper and exploring your prayer life. They have thousands of prayers, meditations, and music, including new contemplative and contemporary Christian radio that you can listen to anywhere in any time this summer Hallow has a number of powerful prayer challenges and scripture series that are coming up with Biblical scholar Jeff Cavins, Jonathan Rumi from the Chosen and even Jim Visel. You guys know him from the Sound of Freedom and of course the passion of the Christ. So do not lose your prayer habits the summer, maintain your peace, deep deepen your relationship with God or begin it If you don't feel that you have one by downloading Hallow. You will get three months for free@hello.com slash CANDACE


All right now. Let's get into some stories. Now before we get into this first story, you know what I'm going to say, subscribe, can, can't believe we crossed 2 million followers. This, by the way, is going to be the last day that the Stand us Cup is available. So head to Club Candace dot com. That one is discontinued because it is the end of the week and we have crossed 2 million subscribers. Very exciting. So California, yeah, lot going on there. I know If, you read that chaos book, you're wondering if the devil lives here down in Los Angeles or around Los Angeles as well. I have a lot of things that I would like to say about Gavin Newsom.


There was, there's this real fear that they are thinking about replacing Biden Biden with Newsom. And when you look at all of the laws that Gavin Newsom has got, has signed into law all the bills that he has signed into law, it would be terrifying if he replaced Biden and somehow Biden assumed the presidency. Well, lemme tell you what, he's recently signed into law. It is a bill that bans schools from notifying parents about student gender identity. So we knew this was coming. We have been speaking to parents. I get messages all the time. Well, in California, we're not allowed to say no to vaccines. Okay? That means that the state is in control of your children. If they can decide what they're going to inject into your child and you have no say they're in control.


Well now you don't even get to decide whether or not your child who you know to be a boy or a girl because you birth them, is going to be referred to as a boy or a girl as they indoctrinate them in the public school system. So let me cut to this video of Michael Shellenberger describing exactly what is going on with this bill. Take a listen. Hey everybody, it's Mike Shellenberger for public. I'm afraid to have some terrible news. The governor of America's largest and richest state has just signed a law that puts 10 million children and adolescents in grave danger of medical mistreatment. The media headlines are all wrong.


They claim that California Governor Gavin Newsom's new law protects children by stopping public schools from outing their gender to their parents. In fact, it does just the opposite of that. This new law makes children vulnerable to irreversible and lifelong medical abuse and mistreatment. And it's all based on a pseudoscientific idea that some children are born into the wrong bodies and that we can change a person's sex through drugs and surgery. Now, for any of this to make sense, you have to understand what's happening right now in Britain. Several years ago, the government there appointed a well-respected pediatrician named Hillary Cass to investigate whether it was ethical to block the puberty of children, give them opposite sex hormones and surgeries on their bodies in an effort to make them feel better about their gender.


Dr. Cass came back a few weeks ago and said, no, absolutely not. Around the same time the British government banned puberty blockers nationwide. And just a few days ago, the new Labor Party government affirmed that it would maintain the former conservative government's ban on puberty blockers. In her report, Cass said that, so-called social transition where a children adopts the identity of the opposite. Sex is not a neutral act and has psychological consequences. In fact, it's the first step towards medical intervention. What Gavin Newsom has done is actively prevented schools from informing parents that their children have been put on a medical pathway. This is an outrageous attack on both the rights of the children and the parents.


Children have a right to go through puberty. No adult should be able to block their puberty. And parents have a right to know if their children thinks that they are the opposite sex or were born into the wrong body. We have seen with leaked internal documents from the leading gender medicine group, wpath that these medical interventions, namely puberty blockers, hormones, and surgeries, are not only irreversible but result in sterilization and loss of sexual function. Children and adolescents are simply not mature enough to understand the effects of so-called gender affirming care. They cannot, in other words, give their informed consent. The new law that Gavin Newsom just signed creates the grave risk that activist teachers, students, and outside groups will convince children that they were born into the wrong body and then hide their social transition from parents, which will lead to these harmful medical mistreatments.


As such, the law that was passed as the opposite of what both children and their parents need. We need schools to immediately warn parents if their children think they're the opposite sex. After all, this is a diagnosable psychiatric condition known as gender dysphoria. And if your child has a psychiatric disorder, whether it's anxiety, depression, and eating disorder or gender dysphoria, you as a parent have a right to know and schools must stop teaching children or allowing other people to teach children this pseudo-scientific and dehumanizing ideas that it's possibly born in the wrong body and that it's possible to change one's sex. It's not as such, either the legislature, the courts or a ballot initiative in California is required to nullify this law.


Until then, it's important to spread the word to parents that California public schools are fundamentally unsafe for the millions of children who currently attend them. So this is obviously insane and it just, I I, I can't imagine being a parent in California and deciding that you're going to allow your children to stay in the public school system. I mean. I have been telling parents for years to move out of California and it's, it's just odd to me that there are parents who believe that the system can be reformed when they're essentially saying to you, we will not only just implant these ideas into your child's head, but after our ideas have taken a hold of your children, we will put them on a pathway of medical tyranny, which is in many circumstances, in most circumstances, irreversible.


Once you start introducing hormones, puberty blockers, once you, once you block your puberty, we have seen that these people, as he mentioned, will wind up down the line permanently impacted by that decision because these are the same drugs. And this is a fact. Lupron just got rebranded. The same drugs that are given to pedophiles in prison are the drugs that are given to children who believe that what they're doing is just blocking their puberty, when in fact it is given to those prisoners in order to castrate them. And so that's of course what they're doing to children. If it's gonna have the same impact, it's going to castrate children. Why is this being allowed? Well, we just showed you in monologue that there have been rappers speaking out about demonic agendas.


They are talking explicitly singers and performers about bfat comedians talking to you about bfat being an agenda. These people are here in Hollywood. These artists are here in Hollywood. These schools are surrounding Hollywood. California has become a dark experimentation state for the demonic and I, do not say the demonic in a fun light way. Okay? BMT is a literal demon that these possessed people worship. And so I'm glad that that video went viral and that was in large part due to Elon Musk sharing it of Michael Shellenberger speaking about what was happening in California. And Elon Musk said this in response, this is the final straw because of this law and the many others that proceeded it attacking both families and companies.


SpaceX will now move its headquarters from Hawthorne, California to Star base Texas. He also included this. I did make it clear to Governor Newsom about a year ago that laws of this nature would force families and companies to leave California to protect their children. That is how I want people who are still in California to receive this message. Ha, you are required as a parent, spiritually, emotionally, financially, to protect your children. When you have a state that is at war with parents and you better believe that that state will win that war because they have your children for six hours a day.


They're propagandizing them in the classroom. When you have a state that is declaring war on your children, when do you say enough is enough and pick up and find a state that will not allow your children to become victims of experimentation? Because to me, I would, I would've picked up and left yesterday and I would've just figured it out. Oh, I have a job here, don't care getting out of here. We'll figure it out. We just wanna keep our children safe. That is the basic responsibility for chi for parents to keep their children safe.


All right guys, I want to tell you about American Financing. Obviously you've heard me speak about them as a major sponsor of this show, a major sponsor of these conversations that we are having as Americans. And they understand that a lot of Americans are struggling right now. Those are basic bills. You know, how, how do we feed our families when the bills are higher every month? Many people are in debt and they feel that the debt keeps adding up. Well, If, you own a home. You should call my friends in American Financing because they can help you break free from that cycle. They save people just like you and me, an average of $854 every single month, which adds up to about $10,000 a year. I think everybody could use that sort of a a bonus. And even better, it costs absolutely nothing to find out how much money you could be saving. What they'll do is they will tap into your home equity line. All it takes is a quick call to American, Financing, and If. you start today, you might be able to delay two mortgage payments. How about that? A lot of people need that break right now. So call American Financing today and start your journey towards being credit card debt free. The number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, the number is 807 9 5 12 10 or If you prefer. Visit American Financing dot net slash Owens American Financing dot net slash Owens.


So Libs of TikTok has spawned an online debate between conservatives. We've been at each other's neck a lot lately. I think really kind of since the Trump assassination attempt followed by the NC people deciding what the future of the conservative party should look like. Are we becoming leftists? Are we behaving like the left? Well, Lisa TikTok is a very popular account online, really has done so much important work. It is owned and operated by a young woman named Hi Ray Check who really just decided to start exposing the left. Like she just kind of crawls the internet looking for clips of how the left is behaving and really just giving it a larger platform. And people really didn't like that. Well, she has become a true activist in the wake of the Trump assassination attempt by crawling the internet, looking for how the left is responding.


So callously, quite disgusting. I mean the rhetoric has just been vile. Who could celebrate the death of a firefighter? The person who lost his life that day or be saying that you wished that Trump had actually gotten shot? I don't have that in me. I would never say as much contempt as I have for Hillary Clinton, for Joe Biden, for the lies that they're telling to the American people. I could never say, man, I wish I had just watched them get shot in the head. Well, that's what's going on online right now. I'll give you an example here. Lives with TikTok, shared this. Meet Allison Scott, a teacher at Ardmore Tigers, that's a, a high school. I believe she appears sad that the shooter missed and wishes that he had a better scope.


These are the people educating your kids. Any comment? Ardmore Tigers. And she tagged the school directly. So an account posted on Facebook, say, gent that just shot Trump's ear. I got $500 to put on your books for trying to save us homey laugh face. And Alison Scott, who is a teacher, replied and wrote Same Wish they had a better scope. So lives of TikTok shared that. And guess what? The superintendent of the schools replied and wrote this, this is unacceptable. SDE is investigating. We will not allow teachers to cheer on violence against Donald Trump. and that he issued a follow follow up saying, I have investigated enough.


I will be taking her teaching certificate. She will no longer be teaching in Oklahoma. Man, what do you guys think about that? Again, lips of TikTok shared this. Meet Sean Rupp, the mayor of Beneville, Pennsylvania. He reportedly said, try harder after the shooter missed a petition is going around to get him removed after he allegedly bragged about no one being able to kick him out of office, our tax dollars, fund his salary. So she shared what he had to say as well. Again, she shared a police sergeant in Dallas. Here's a picture, listen list. TikTok wrote, Dallas Police Sergeant Arto Martinez has been placed on leave for posting aim better after the attempted assassination.


Yep. And in fact, he did say aim better on social media and now he has lost his job. So here's what I'll say about those three in particular. And people are saying, this is Kent Holter. These are people that are teaching your kids. This is the mayor. These people are taking our tax dollars. So yes, actually their rhetoric does matter. Would you want somebody teaching your children who wants or is applauding an assassination attempt on a former president simply for the crime of being conservative? That's the question. And the answer is obviously no. So when it comes to teachers, when it comes to politicians, I say, tell us absolutely everything because they're making real world decisions about how children in this country are going to grow up.


This is why we face all problems that we face today. Just what we were talking about with, with Gavin Newsom passing this bill. Yeah, it, it's relevant to know whether or not these teachers and these public figures, these mayors, people that are leading cities, have psychopathic thoughts whether or not they harbor Cy psychopathic tendencies when it comes to conservatives. So I'm totally fine with that. It's this next one that I think is actually a bit more controversial. So what lives at TikTok came, came across was a Home Depot employee who shared on Facebook as they were all sharing on Facebook. Too bad they weren't a better shooter. Darcy Waldron Pinkney wrote, and she just shared it and tagged at Home Depot list, list of TikTok shared it.


And Home Depot replied and said, hi, this individual's comments don't reflect the Home Depot or our values. we can confirm she no longer works at Home Depot. Now, I feel differently about that because I believe that people have a right to a private life. This is not a person that is working in a public capacity. This is a person who is vile. This is a person who is disgusting. But does she have a right to post on her private pages? What she may or may not perceive as a joke, I mean, maybe she's like too bad they weren't a better shooter. And she could say, I was just joking. And then she finds out that she loses her job. you know, as a, as a hourly employee at Home Depot. don don't know about that.


I know about how I feel about that. I wouldn't have done it, is what I will say. But I also understand people that are saying, we've been too nice. We've been too proper. They literally just attempted to shoot Trump. Okay, so what are we gonna do? Just be nice until we lose the country? Or are we gonna start playing by their rules? Rules? Are we gonna start leveling up and saying, okay, you've done this to conservatives for years, you've crawled and tried to find out who was a Trump supporter and make them lose their jobs on the basis that they wore a MAGA hat on the basis that they showed up on January 6th to hear the President speak. Is it time to get our hands dirty and play by the same rules? don? Don't have an answer here. I'm just asking you guys. I I mean I think, yeah, I think it has gone very far and we can't not face reality here, here and realize who we are fighting. These are people who would very much if they could have a war, who do celebrate the death of Trump supporters.


And there's no greater example of that than the streamer Destiny I told you about. This guy gives me weird vibes. I I, I met him. I thought he was very weird. He, he registered to be as someone who, like I said, could potentially have a very dark sexual blackmail that's hanging over him. and that that was a feeling I got. That's not a fact, just to be clear, but my gut is usually my gun instincts are usually correct. Anyways, destiny, I shared with you guys the discussing stuff that he said he was proud owned It said, yeah, I wish Trump had died. I wish Trump had gotten shot and I'm okay with that sort of err rhetoric. And now he is applauding the death of the firefighter Corey Camp Tore, who was shielding his daughter and his wife and lost his life when the bullet misfired into the crowd.


Well, here is Destiny saying f him. Take a listen. The dude, the firefighter guy Trump, the people that support him. I just want you to know, okay, just in case you're confused or it seems like I'm, you don't, whatever. If one of you were in the crowd and you're a conservative fan of mine and you end up, you know, getting blown away or whatever the, I'm making fun of you. The next day on Twitter, I am 100. Well, since all this rhetoric, I can tell you he's definitely facing some real world consequences. Destiny. Destiny has been banned from Kick. That is the platform upon which he streams and makes money from. And also Elon Musk banned him from advertising. So he can't earn any advertising revenue on Twitter or X as well.


And he's basically saying, oh, look at this is the right, you guys say you care about free speech and now look at what you're doing. and I would push back on that First and foremost, we believe in his right to say what he said. No one is calling for his count to be banned on X, but X has rules in terms of advertising to keep things advertiser friendly. You cannot call for violence. And he did explicitly call for violence on the X platform as I showed you a few days ago. And so we believe in free speech. We also believe in consequences for your free speech. And so If, you say something and you know you can no longer advertise somewhere, but nobody is banning your speech. No one is taking you off of X that I don't think of as a conflict. And to be clear, I can, I cannot even process what sort of a monster you have to be to have read all about Corey and to have read his daughter's posts about how much she loved her father to know that they are getting ready for a funeral unexpectedly.


A man who loved his two daughters tremendously loved his family and was a firefighter, served his community. And what you say is, I laugh at your death. I, I I worry, I Genuinely I worry about the soul of an individual who can do that so explicitly, so callously and feel nothing and I mean. There are tons of hideous figures all throughout American history. I mean I personally, it was difficult for me to watch John McCain being celebrated after he lost his battle with cancer. Knowing how much he had done in the Middle East in terms of military, industrial, complex, how many families were broken up, how many kids are killed overseas to support the military industrial complex that made him wealthy.


But the idea of celebrating his death as his family was mourning, that would make you a, a special kind of monster. and that is the reality is that destiny is a special kind of monster and Genuinely, you have to pray for people like that. You have to pray for their souls.


All right guys, now destiny's ugly on the inside. I actually think it's ugly on the outside too. One of the things that women worry about a lot is whether or not our skin is looking beautiful. Can we be more beautiful on the outside? And I'm so happy to introduce you guys to a new sponsor of this show. 'cause one of the big questions I get all the time is Candace, what is your skincare routine? and I have to tell you how seriously I take it, that we had so many advertisers approach us about skincare. and I said to my husband, it is a sin to mislead women. You have to believe in a product that you are sending them and saying, put this on your face. and I am telling you that finally I found the company, I found the product. I use this skincare routine every single night. and I love them. They're called Nimmi, NIMI, very simplified, daily routine cleanse, brighten, protect. It's also super easy because their bottles come with numbers on them. I hate having to remember whether you're supposed to tone clean, like, and they just have numbers. So you know, this is the regimen that you have to follow. It is luxury skincare products for all skin types. They offer, again, cleansers, toners, moisturizers, serums so much more. But the most important part of this, and I care deeply about this, is that they have a clean line. They sent that to me, I used it. And they have all of these products that are free from fragrance, they're free from the chemicals that often just dis disrupt your skin's natural microbiome. And So, I don't like heavy chemicals on my face. I like clean products. I think less is actually more. and I just wanna feel good about what I'm putting onto my face. Like, is this organic? Is this, is this good or is this going to harm me over time? So they are an amazing company. They also have our values. They're unapologetic about the fact that they support faith, family freedom, and that they proudly support Christian and conservative causes. So what's better than that? I'll tell you, even better, everything is made in America. I'm not kidding. I was just like, how could this exactly what I dreamed in my head that I wanna create one day I was like, I wanna create a skincare line. They actually are doing this. They stand against progressive Beau beauty companies that back anti-American causes. And they stand against them in the simple means by just making everything here in the USA, you know, employing people here, making sure people are being employed here to make their products. So here's what you can do, guys, take Emmy's skin quiz today to find the perfect routine curated to your exact skin type. Mimi's subscriptions make it super easy. It's a great way to save big and ensure that you always have the products that you need to consistently get results. So you can sign up for a subscription to save 15% on your routine and save an additional 5% using a code canvas at checkout. And you'll also receive a free gift on every third order. So visit nimmi, that's NIMI skincare.com. That's NIMI skincare.com to elevate your routine. The same products I use on my face, I swear I would never lie, ladies, ever. When it comes to skincare, you'll save big on your order. If, you use code Candace at checkout


All right now let's get into some of your comments regarding episodes past. So Amber Rose, she obviously divided the conservative movement by appearing on the RNC stage. This Omo Joe Boy wrote, conservatives don't need to be on the side of abortion, but when people like Amber who are starting to wake up and are dipping their toes into the conservative pond, conservatives need to be more understanding. Yeah, I agree with that. I, I think that, like I said in my episode, everybody starts somewhere. She didn't get up. There tend to be a Christian. She simply said what she believed at the time to be true and she believes that she was lied to about Donald Trump. And her signaling that to her very many tens of millions of followers online is in fact a good thing.


If, you have a gripe against the RNC for so quickly. Throwing her on stage without fleshing out more of her opinions and her beliefs, that's fine. But I think that going after Amber Rose just seems unfair. And you're gonna put her in this weird purgatory where she can't go back to the left and she's not allowed to make any friends on the right. I went through that weird purgatory and when people questioned who I was when I started making videos and I don't want to make it so that other people have to go through. And it's just not fair regarding whether or not we believe the FBI's incredible story about this remarkable failure of intelligence. And just in general, does anybody trust our intelligent agencies anymore? As you dig deeper and deeper into their very sinister history, they've always been corrupt, always since their existence.


They actually exist to be corrupt. It's like the gangs that became the government. Well, Jackson writes at this point, anyone who still trusts the FBI or the CIA is beyond I agree. I would say they are certifiable Shannon adds. She writes, I'm so glad to know that Americans are finally starting to wake up to the evil of our government. Me too. That is the reason why we all have to do our part to just quicken this awakening. I mean, share the video. Start with these conversations. You, you can see this mass awakening happening. And the only way that we can make sure that it the government doesn't win, that the deep state doesn't win, is that we all have to do our part. We all all have to share this information and we all have to be bold and be encouraged because there is of course, more of us than there are of them.


This individual is writing all the way from Syria. He's a Christian and he wrote this Candace, I'm a Christian from Syria, and I would like to extend my heartfelt gratitude to you for speaking up for us Syrians and Middle Easterns. Growing up in Syria, I experienced the horrors of war firsthand. As a teenager, I faced life-threatening situations. There were moments when survival seemed impossible and the constant fear took a heavy toll on my spirit. I'm grateful to be alive today. I am now a student pursuing my education with dreams of a brighter future. Syria ha. Syria has a rich history that spans thousands of years making it a cradle of civilization with some of the earliest human settlements. Damascus holds significant importance to the Christian faith, as is mentioned in the Bible. Jesus Christ walked its streets.


And Paul the apostle, experienced his dramatic conversion on the road to the city. Additionally, the head of John the Baptist is in the Umayyad Mosque in old Damascus, pardon of my pronunciation. In Syria, despite our diverse backgrounds and faiths, we are united by a common desire for peace and a better future. In the face of destruction and chaos, our communities have found ways to support one another. We are humans just like everyone else. We dream of a world where peace and prosperity prevail, where children can grow up without the constant threat of violence and where families can thrive without fear. We seek and dream of a better economy where the minimum wage isn't $30. Your advocacy brings us closer to this vision of a peaceful and a better future. Thank you for standing with us and for your unwavering support.


I really love that comment so much, which is, which is why I wanted to read it in its entirety. And it is very true guys, even nobody knows what the heck America is doing in Syria. Why we have people there that are bombing. And it is true actually, Assad, who we have learned is so evil, has been protecting Christians and like, and yes, he works with Putin and you know, Russia is a Christian country. And yet you see people here, the war mongers, who are trying to not have us view them as our Christian brethren. It's like I said, they wanna convince Christians in the West to be okay as they destroy and bomb and murder Christians in the East. The more of that I began looking into it, I I very much believe that it has and will forever be a Holy War.


And as Tucker said, Americans began to be diluted about that at some point following or during World War ii, we were led to believe that these were political causes, political reasons. We were bombing old Christian structures. We wiped out the, the oldest Iraqi Christian civilization that took place during the Iraq war. It was like 2000 years old. And we never hear about these stories because we're supposed to believe that we're dropping these bombs righteously and we're not. I, I think something way more demonic is going on. But I'm glad that we're talking about it. I'm glad that we are speaking about it and I'm glad that we are able to, while we still have free speech. Again, I believe in free speech radically.


It is the only guard against a, a government that is becoming increasingly more corrupt. Ladies, gentlemen, that is all the time that we have for today. See you tomorrow.