
All Right. guys, welcome to a special episode of Candace. I'm excited for this conversation or at least to bring this conversation so I'll just dive right and tell you the background of it. I recently appeared on Don Lemon and some clips were taken outta that conversation I had with him, particularly a portion when he was talking to me, speaking to me about transgenderism and I explained to him my perspective on transgenderism that it is a mental disorder. Shortly thereafter, Ray J. Familiar with Ray J. He is a man of many talents. He's a singer, a performer, an actor, entrepreneur, a business owner messaged me on Instagram and said, Candace don, don't feel, and I'm summing up here. I don't feel that you have the full story. I would love to have a conversation and introduce you to someone who may be able to provide you a wider perspective.


And I said, let's do it. I'm in LA and we made it happen virtually overnight. So I'm going to allow Ray J to introduce his guest First and foremost Ray J, what inspired you to reach out? Well first off, just because I've been so involved with the community that we've been doing not only TV shows, but we've just been, been vibing and we've been spending a lot of time and, and that helped me, you know, educate myself on a lot of new things. And. so when I seen the interview and we've talked before and we've always been cool, So, I, think it's always important, If, you feel something to like, you know, call your people, see if we can sit down, see if we can debate it.


Danielle's here like she's one of our stars on the new show, the Gworls Club on the trying network and we're going all in on this show. And I just felt like it was perfect timing. I was like please hit me back. Right? And then you're in LA too at the same time. It was meant, it was meant for us to do it. And. so just being, and I told you in the, in the dm, just being educated, being educated, Educated that yeah, that was a new word I'd never heard, Right? And. so bridging the gap and getting an understanding. It's always good to talk things through. And So I brought Danielle here because her experience and her life kind of was mixed in with what you were saying and maybe she can give you a better understanding on what it is or vice versa, you know?


But I wanted to create this synergy so we can all talk together. Danielle, welcome. Thank you. Thank you for having Me. Very happy to have you here. Also very happy that you were willing to even have the discussion because a lot of times you see people that are on opposing sides do not want to speak and I think that's guided by a lot of fear and sometimes by a lot of cowardice. So Danielle, how did you get mixed in with Ray J and what made you wanna be here today? Yeah, So I just wanted to double back on that. I fully agree. When Ray and the team called me, obviously the first emotions that go through your head is, oh my God, I'm scared. Like I know If, I'm ready. And to be completely vulnerable, I thought this is it's, I don't wanna use the word easy, but for me as a trans person and I have been for 20 years, there's been so many conversations that I've had worldwide with people and as like a mature, classy, wise person that I would like to say I am, you understand perspective and it's all how you come at a conversation.


So that's why I agreed to be here 'cause I was like I want to do this for me, for the community and most of all for Ray TROs and the Gworls Club because we have created something really special. So yeah. Okay. So why don't we just start by telling us a little bit about your story? Yeah, So I Amm from Perth West Australia, which is, I'm from Australia. Yeah, shout about Australia, West South Australia, AKA, the Aussie doll, that's what they call me. Perth West Australia is the most isolated city in the world, so it's basically on the west and everything else you would've heard about is on the east. So growing up in Perth, west Australia, it's kind of like a beach town and a mining town city, sorry, want to get my words right.


And yeah, my experience as being trans dated back to and I know this is controversial and people are gonna be like when I say it, but the first verbalization of me feeling trans was when I was four. And my mom told me this when I got older because I'd verbalized to her basically that I was comparing myself to my older sister and, 'cause I have an older sister and two younger now and just feelings and displaying certain things. And I won't obviously get into every detail 'cause I'll try summarize. But basically growing up in Perth, it was an experience that I had to take on alone.


My parents and family were kind of from the country, west Australian had no idea about anything to do with trans or the L-G-B-T-Q and we've gotta remember, 'cause this was 20 years ago and in Australia the journey was completely on my own back. So everything that I felt and resonated with it was up to me to do the research. Everything that I'd seen on the TV was sensationalized and kind of crazy and we all know the viewers listening what I'm talking about, the misrepresentations and things like that. So yeah, it was a very lonely journey. You only have to talk to someone in the community to know that I was a trailblazer for what I did because I was literally basically the only one for a while doing what I was doing.


and yeah, life's been a journey since then and it still is. And now were your parents together? My parents divorced at the age of six and then my mom remarried so And, so did my dad. So I've always had like a biological mother and father and two stepparents. And how did your parents deal with you? I guess the first question is when did you first communicate your feelings about your identity and how did your parents respond to it? So this, and obviously I say this is according to what my mom later told because to be honest, I don't remember when I was four. I only have like vivid memories maybe from five, six up. But basically what it would be is me and my mom were always particularly really close.


I just was, you know, always gravitated towards my mom and my mom's, you know, just everything to me. And she would say that she would just, you know, notice like certain things that were different to the other kids. And when I'd vocalized to her how I felt and that I kept comparing myself to Ashton and I, that's my older sister and would talk like even about genitalia, which obviously I didn't understand at that time, but I even physically did things to myself that made no sense, kind of like to her in comparison to why I wasn't like my sister when we'd have bath time and things like that. So that was the first verbalization. And then as I got older it just got stronger because I was able to verbalize things more.


But the interesting thing was, and once again this is only my experience and I'm just speaking today from a personal experience of being trans when I was being really out there with my vocalizations about being trans, all of a sudden when I had realized in school that it wasn't appropriate to be saying those things and it wasn't normal and it was weird or I could be bullied for it, I completely went the opposite and I never brought it up again. Okay. So that was kind of like late primary to full high school. It was never a topic to my family ever again until I graduated. Okay. So a couple of things that I'd like to ask as a follow up. You answered how your mother felt about it. How did your father feel about it?


Because I do think it is relevant that your parents separated when you were six. Yeah, for sure. And they obviously separated for their own reasons. My mother explained to me years later when I had the maturity that they got a divorce based on just a complete lack of compatibility, you know, and people got married then just kind of, 'cause they had two and popped out a few kids so they knew that when they divorce that they had to do the best for us. My dad is, this is what I like to explain to a lot of people because a lot of people that see men with their L-G-B-T-Q children have kind of a femininity to them or they act in a certain way.


My dad is a very staunch Australian. If you've watched Crocodile Dundee, that's the kind of vibe love cro crocodile. Yeah. Like shout out to my dad. He's known as Whitey, the football player in Bunbury. Very, you know, just that alpha male. And the thing is for for 'cause I'm gonna be honest today obviously just to get the story right, obviously my dad struggled with it more than my mom. But what later on came in the years, like later on when we converse was my dad said his issue was, it was never accepting and understanding 'cause he could see it with his own eyes my whole life. But it was the communication that he lapped on. So he couldn't talk to me how my mom could.


And this is the last follow up question regarding your father, when they got separated when you were six years old, was he involved in Yes. In in your Life? Yeah. They went straight to legal, what's the word? Legal, not maintenance. It's Where you have to where Like the rights of, yeah, You get three days and, Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, I can't think of the word. But yeah, they basically did it straight away that it was by the book. My dad had us every weekend and my mom had full custody for school hours and things like that. Okay. So Ray JI wanna ask you this because you have young children. I have young children And, so, and I'm, I'm glad Danielle, that you were very honest about the fact that your mother told you that when you were four you said this and had done some things And.


so she kind of says this was always there. Yeah, because I have young children and I know how stupid kids are and I say that with all love in my heart, but they say ridiculous things all the time. And one of the things that's been concerning to me is to hear so many celebrities try to, I guess validate the stupidity of children and pretending and going, well this must be real. Mostly what comes to mind. I, I believe Char Theron had a daughter or a son. But the story goes one day in the bath bathtub, my son or daughter looked up at me and said, mommy, I'm a, I'm a girl. and that was it. That Charli Theron then allowed her child to begin transitioning. and that to me sounds like a mental disorder, that the parent is suffering for some reason.


And a lot of the times I've noticed this trend that it does tend to be single women that sort of encourage this thing. So I'd like to ask you if your, you have a son And a Daughter and your son's. How old? My son's four. Okay. He's four. Perfect age. My daughter's six. If your son was in a bathtub and your son said anything in the bathtub, dad, I'm a mermaid. Why would you then say, well this must really mean that my 4-year-old toddler who also thinks he can fly, who also thinks like Santa Claus is real and can squeeze down the chimney. Why is it this thing that people go, oh well this must be a sign that my child's really struggling with identity. Yeah, I mean I think that's a, that's very early.


I would say just me being a new parent. Right? And what's crazy about the mermaid thing, my son likes to follow his sister, right? He loves her and whatever she does, he wants to do. Same with me back, I used to double Dutch and jump rope before I, you know, started to hang out with my friends just because I wanted to follow my big sister. She got a mermaid outfit, he wanted one So, I got him a mermaid. He wanted to be a mermaid for, 'cause she was in, you know, she was swimming with the Merck. So I'm like, alright, you wanna be a merman then cool, I'll get you one. But I didn't think of it in the sense of that yet, just because You know, again, they're young and, and they're learning things as they go.


you know, So I instead of piggyback off that as well. Sorry to cut you off is with that was like a really valid question. But I have to state that with my mom. What she did was, it wasn't a validation of really how I thought and acted on it straight away. My mom was a listener so my mom never shut me down for the things that I'd verbalize. But as for like counseling and transition, that was done way later and that was never to punish me. But it was al always like my mom was like a soundboard but she never pushed. Yeah. You said, you said that that's important. You said you kept it quiet For Oh yeah, I totally internalized because you see what the world says and you're like, oh sugar, this isn't, I'm normal, I'll just be quiet.


Yeah. But I guess what I'm, I'm trying to say here is that your mother, even now, even if you're older and you make a decision for your mother to go back into a memory of something that every child goes through, they just say stupid stuff, right? They wanna be mermaids. Yeah. They don't even understand. I mean the first time we watched Disney movie, my son said I'm a princess. And I said, no, you're a prince. Right? And now you're seeing this sort of people trying to go backwards and don don't know if they're doing this out of protection or out of love and trying to pretend that they just wanna validate the experience that you're having. But I don't feel comfort. I don't feel like, oh this must be real because you said this started when I was four. Yeah. I, the first thing that comes to my head is mommy's got some issues. Right. Because it's not like your mother said this, you know, whatever. You were a kid when you were a toddler. Yeah. But then I really noticed this thing when you were 18 years old and your, well actually your brain develops at the age of 26 years old.


So that makes me a little bit uncomfortable. Yeah. Because I, I do think, and I do see this pattern of single moms. Cool. And also just what you spoke to, you said I had an older sister. Yeah, this is exactly right. So my daughter, well is much more of a rough houser because she's following my son who is the oldest. So she grabs swords, she wants to fight. Now I was a tomboy. I went through a phase where I had like, I think all girls go through this like tomboy phase. But I went through a phase when I was in fifth grade and I was acting, you know, I, I wanted to just play with the boys, thought the boys were having more fun. I just thank God that this wasn't fashionable at the time. And I know that you're, you're, It definitely wasn't fashion. Yeah. But now I was like Are Just like, yay, I want my kid to be different and I'm throwing them into this.


Right. I wanna specify quickly on the four, I used that specifically when I'm interviewed, like I said before, I'm gonna be really honest. And I used that because that was something that was told to me in a private moment with me and my mom when I was asking her to reflect. But that was just the start. But as you can imagine, there was many other things she started to share with me. Like between us intimate moments of things, oh I remember this and that. and that was because I was searching for that truth. And I'm also a very open-minded person. So I wanted to understand myself better So I get what you're saying. But it's almost like I have to use that as a benchmark. But it wasn't like you said it at four and then like we actioned it or you said it at four and then never said it again.


That was just the start of what she could remember and then moved forward for years. Yeah. But even if she's doing that post because she wants to validate the pre, it's still dishonest to me because every parent knows that toddlers just say and do ridiculous things And. so if she's validating that for you now, then I, my fear is that maybe your mother was validating that for you be out of love the entire time. But I wanna jump back into your narrative before we talk about those aspects. So you said that when you were in high school you I guess could just elaborate, I don't know, If, you were saying like you were trans or started saying some trans things and then people made you feel that you couldn't do that. It was basic basically. Or was it middle school Basically?


Yeah, so in, in Australia, sorry, it's a little bit different. We have primary and high, so I'm not super sure, but we've got like grade one to grade seven and then grade eight to grade 12. How old So? it would've been from like the age of 10 to like the age of 17 where I was in the moment. But I wanted to clarify that I never used the word trans growing up because I didn't have the education of what that word was. How I identified is that I felt like a female, but I just was aware that that wasn't possible at that time. That's the best way I can put it. Yeah. I was just like, I'm a girl but unfortunately that's not matching and that's just how I, that's all I can verbal verbalize it as.


But the reason why other people caught onto that is because every day of my life people literally were like, yeah, like she her girl, I would cross the street and they would like, good morning ladies. And then everyone would laugh like it was this known thing that people weren't being like trans or derogatory things at school, but they were literally like, what the hell are you wait without using swear words. So that's interesting. So why would somebody say Good morning girls to you If you weren't presenting as trans? 'cause that's why I'm saying that's how feminine I was. So you were feminine in literally a school uniform presenting as me, just me.


Just like whatever was perceived by the public as female. Okay. So. I believe that you can be a F, you can act feminine that I totally believe you Acting. It wasn't really acting 'cause it was a visual response. you know what I'm saying? Like you know the lollipop ladies that I'm not sure if y'all have them in America, like with the sticks like stop go So. it wasn't like a act of me prancing or anything. It was just the visualizer. It was real, it was the head. And Basically I've, I've grown up, well just growing up and I've had friends who were more feminine in class than yes You know other, other, you know, people. So we kind of could tell You know what I mean? Even at a young age what, what people wanted to be and what what people liked.


But I still think even in liking and loving pertaining to like the job at hand, the execution being on time, making sure the work is done. I think that's, that's what matters. And I think the privacy of like people's love and affection sometimes to me is TMI to to the job at hand and to what we are and what we're all trying to accomplish in our goals. So, But I guess my question is, and I'm, I'm agreeing with you actually we're in radical agreement here because I've gone to school and I've seen boys that are feminine. Yeah. At a young age and I didn't graduate with a single trans person. Those people did not decide to go trans. Now obviously there there's been explosion of of the trans agenda they were just gay.


Yeah. And. so very different. And So I would like to know at what point did you go from just being a feminine boy to saying no actually I think it's more than that. Yeah. And I am needing to change my life. Yeah. So like I stated before, it was always the internalized thought process. But just because of my intellect at the time I didn't know the possibilities of how I could execute it. But the feelings were always there. And I guess that I was hoping when I got older I would be able to gain more resources and more knowledge and it could be possible to You know match the outside of how I was thinking.


But I want to specify that there was gay people in my school and like y'all both agreed on like feminine gays. Yeah. And it's so interesting because, and these guys will probably hear this 'cause they're still on my Facebook. But it was so interesting 'cause even in little old Perth Australia, they still identified and treated these gay boys in my class different to me. I was always on the outer. It was like they were the gays and I was the she. So even then with no knowledge and no understanding, they were still being like, it's different because these gay boys weren't like straight gays as we call them. They were feminine gay boys. And I was the she.


So like you can imagine that if that was the perception, it was matching what I was feeling but I just wasn't vocalizing it. So when did you begin to vocalize that? I vocalized it when I was 17. My, I was very blessed in my family that they allowed me to do grade 11 and 12 at Kingsway Christian College. I was kind of like at a point at the school that I went to that was really rough that I wanted to graduate and my auntie and like my family were at a local church and they got me into that school which was really prestigious and stuff. And you know, I could knuckle down and do my studies and graduate. And throughout that time, and especially being around like devout Christians and going to church and doing bible study and things like that, I just knew how I fell and knew what I needed to do.


So a platform from like literally legal age. So when I graduated in Australia it falls on you becoming 18. Yeah.


According to a recent report, planned Parenthood continues to rake in billions despite dwindling clients. The biggest takeaway is that Planned Parenthood is generating vast profits, including millions in taxpayer funding. With Freeborn we are actively trying to steal their clientele, meaning to rescue the babies that they they're attempting to kill. Pre-born operates in a very slim budget, rescuing over 200 babies', lives every single day with no government funding. Pre-born network of clinics are situated in the darkest corners of the nation, competing head-to-head with the abortion giants. And they need our help now more than ever, when you donate $28 to Preborn, you will offer a free ultrasound to an expectant mother that is caught in a crisis. Because once she hears that heartbeat and sees that precious life, her baby's chance at life doubles. So sponsor a precious baby's life. Today your tax deductible gift will go directly towards saving a baby's life. You just dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can head to preborn.com/ Candace. That's preborn.com/ Candace.


So, I'm gonna cut to you AJ because we've all been 17 before. We've all been teenagers. I I would almost say that you could qualify the teenage experience as just an identity crisis. Like one long identity crisis. You're trying to figure out literally who you are. Yeah. that is what adolescence is. You are. And and that's why I say quite jokingly but kind of also seriously bring back cigarettes because now there are just an explosion of children who think they're non-binary, think they're transgendered. No matter how you estimate it, you know that there were not this many people that were struggling and like there was no, they didn't all become transgendered and So. it is part of this is becoming a contagion, you know, social contagion, which is, well social contagion is real, right? So If, you see me smoking cigarettes so everybody started smoking cigarettes.


I mean that was the reason why cigarettes got popular. Put it on poster. But sometimes when you hit the cigarette and you try to smoke it, you can't inhale it so you cough Like yeah we stomped, we stomped out cigarettes. So there used to be the majority of people in America were smoking cigarettes and it was because of advertising. Right. So people were looking, the doctors were telling them it was healthy and that smoke On the plane. Exactly. So that used to be a thing in America and then dial it back. They did the exact thing, the reverse marketing and we were suddenly running in school. Everyone did the DARE program and they kind of stomped out cigarette smoking with the dog. Yeah, they kind of smoked out. They stomped out cigarette smoking in America. And that's actually a joke that Europeans make. Americans don't smoke cigarettes. That's why I love London And. so we know that advertising works. We know that you can influence behavior and that's why I say bring back cigarettes.


'cause now I feel that when the kids were trying to rebel against their parents when we were young people were like smoking cigarettes and you're smoking a joint now they're like, I'm non-binary and kind of being sent down this pathway, which for those who really are just struggling with adolescence, there isn't really a way back. So if your child came to you at 17 RJ and said, I am born into the wrong body and I wanna take puberty blockers, what would you say? Well as a parent, man, my kids are four and six. You, you don't really know what, how you're gonna react.


But I know for me, I wanna be the parent. My kids should, I want them to be able to tell me anything like the darkest, the most complicated, like what they're really going to through internally, externally, So I would be super open for super support, right? That's the kind of dad I am. Even with my son, he's four, but there's been times where he's been around and we were shooting, whether it's a movie or something and there was a lot of women around and he said, dadda, I love the girls, right? And I went, okay, got it. I mean, I don't know if I should bring them in now because you only four So, I wouldn't, wouldn't do that. But hey, that's what you like right now. You came to me and said it, you even told your mom, where are the girls at dad at in front of moms?


I said, son, we got You know And. so I, I would just be there for them. And I think as, as society grows and as everybody gains more knowledge and You know you have friends, right? I have friends, I have friends that are straight, I have friends that are gay, I have friends that are trans and, and these are my close friends. And So, I don't, me personally I don't care. But I I also understand that it's, it's, it's for them to make the choice, not for them to be programmed into a choice that they might not be familiar with and they're just following the trend, right?


So that's the, that's where, you know, you straddle a line with everything with marketing and promo. But for me, I mean I'm in full support of whatever my kids want to do. And you know, heroin, well, I mean not that Pornography, Not that that's Not co comparable, But I'm saying like he's, I'm In full support of what my kids weren't do. It Is comparable. No, like meaning like, but no meaning. Like if they were doing that, please come tell me. Yeah, right. So I can help you. Like don't push me out to where you don't feel comfortable with telling a dad that you got a problem. Right. So yes, I will be in full support of listening to them and helping them. So as honest as they can be, I want to be the dad to make them feel like anytime I'm going down, anytime I'm going up whatever, I'm gonna always hit my dad and tell him what's going on.


you know, I'd Like to, yeah, I I would love to say that. Yeah. I would love for you to comment on that. 'cause you said it's not comparable to your kid participating in pornography and it's not comparable to your kid doing heroin. Right? Why would you say that? I just wanted to piggyback as well off the cigarette like I'm giggling in my head because it's true. Like I have to agree with you. It's like even like in my hometown, it's just, whoa, all of a sudden everyone's a smoker. Where did that come from? So. I. Did it kind of giggle at that point? But I wanna just make it very clear and I'm gonna open up a can can of worms here because let's be honest, and I said at the start of the interview, I'm trans and I'm speaking for myself So, I'm an individual so you might be with me and be like, okay, like she's got some points or whatever, whatever.


And someone else could come across as literally crazy to you. So once again, I can only speak from my perspective, but I wanna make it very clear that there's two points. So with the whole, where did all this trans and non-binary come from? We have to remember that as a society we are forever evolving. And sometimes that's in not the best ways, let's be honest. Because sometimes the world's becoming something that we wish it wasn't. Yeah. But also we were in a place of not only oppression, but where people were, it's like that silence or the gag order where you can't speak up it depending on jobs and discrimination and serving for the country, whatever it may be. So a lot of people, it's been documented that suffering were suffering in silence and they weren't able to do what we can now because we live in a world where it's more accepted.


But to piggyback over that point, I also want to make a statement that as a trans person myself, I'm shocked sometimes because I see all these people now that are under the trans umbrella and I say the trans umbrella. 'cause that shocks me sometimes where they're like, I'm trans and I'll see them in public like hiking, presenting as a boy with a beard and I'm shook. So you would say, because It's like that's not me. So they're Not being so they're not being transparent. I don't wanna make it like a physicality thing. 'cause I know people instantly read people like me saying I've got pretty privilege, I'm passing privilege, I'm white privilege and all these other privileges. But it's not about that for me.


What it's about is that I want people to understand that being trans and If, you truly are trans. It's a journey that should happen between you and your parents and you know, the medical practitioner. And it shouldn't be something that's sensationalized and a circus at it should be down to the individual. And I feel like If, you hit all those points and it's meant to be there would be less So, I can kind of agree with what you're saying in that sense. Because when I sit in the room with someone else that claims trans and I'm like looking at them like, come on, be for real people. But now I can't even say That. So some people are faking it. Well It's just a social contagion, which is what I was saying. So social contagions are real.


And actually, But I want, I want to spit on that. It's a social contagion for that. I can understand what you're saying, but that's for the people that are adding onto the community that I don't feel a genuine, I I actually, I feel like that's the difference. So I would disagree with that and I disagree virtually with Bill Maher and everything. But even he did a segment, he obviously, he's on the left, he's, I I guess you would consider himself to be an ally of the LG BT LGBTQ plus community. And he showed a map of transgenderism across the United States and he said, well if this is not a social contagion, can you explain to me why so many kids in LA are trans and yet kids in Ohio? And he showed it on the map and he's, he's, well that shows you it's social contagion. If this was real, They truly trans or is this, It just shows you that where, where you live.


That's what I, What what if, if it's impacting, if, if he's able to do this map. And you know, if, if somebody could actually pull that map up, we can actually insert it here. Let's just actually show a clip here of what Bill Maher said. And finally new rule, if something about the human race is changing at a previously unprecedented rate, we have to at least discuss it broken down over time. The LGBT population of America seems to be roughly doubling every generation. According to a recent Gallup poll, less than 1% of Americans born before 1946, that's Joe Biden's generation identify that way.


2.6% of boomers do 4.2% of Gen X, 10.5% of millennials and 20.8% of Gen Z. Which means if we follow this trajectory, we will all be gay. In 2054 If, you attend a small dinner party of typically very liberal upper income angelenos. It is not uncommon to hear parents who each have a trans kid having a conversation about that. What are the odds of that happening in Youngstown, Ohio? If this spike in trans children is all natural, why is it regional? Either Ohio is shaming them or California is creating them. Okay, so just, just to bring back to the section, I'll, I'll get that clip to you later up where he shows the map of the trans, where transgenderism is happening in, obviously in that clip he's talking about puberty blockers and you said you were 17 that you then realized there was something else that was going on with you.


But you know, just speaking about the development of the human brain, your brain is literally not developed at 17 years old. Right? You are not a formed person at 17, 17-year-old ray, 17-year-old Candace. Think about how much I started, sorry, I just wanted to specify you started at 18, 17 was grade 12 for me and then I started at 18 and in Australia 18 is legal, not 21. Legal and brain development are two totally different things for sure. Yeah. So you can go war all that stuff. Kids are drinking at 15, that's Totally fine. you know, Which I don't support by The way. Right. But just to be clear, your brain is not fully like, like the human mind is not fully developed until 26 years old, right? I think it has. I think the experience of the human gets better.


So your experience makes you have more knowledge, right? Right. Doesn't mean that you aren't your greatest at 18 and 19. Yeah. And 20 You know those are the moments And I was in full knowledge of like my thoughts and, and, and in control over that because you have to remember to take it back. This is not a decision that I made, like some random like, oh you know what? I wanna be a girl at 17 and started 18. To me, I'm too smart for that. That's reckless. don don't think that that's wise. Like you've gotta marinate in the decision. And that's what I would, the advice that I give to people all the time, this is not something that you click your fingers for. This for me was over a decade. So when I made my choice at 18, I totally get what you're saying with brain development.


But for me it was just finally time because I had all of that time and this is a lifestyle, like I told you this was, I didn't even care that other people were calling me, she and her 24 7 because I knew how I felt. Did, But that was you, you liked that? Of course I did. But but also embarrassment came with that 'cause I was all, ugh, you know, the kids would laugh. Ha When did, when did you decide to do the full Change? The full change was at 19 and a half. I say 19 and a half, a year and a half later. Oh really? So you went from this is my decision at 1718 to I'm gonna go under the knife and did you get bottom surgery? No, that was my first surgery.


I had breast augmentation and then a few years after that I had SRS. Okay. Which is also known as being post-op trans or sex change or gender reassignment surgery. There's so many different names. Why did you choose and as your first surgery to get breast augmentation? To be honest, and I will be very honest about this, when I got breast augmentation, I felt like it was almost like something that I needed for a visualization of a female. Like it's sensationalized in the sense that, oh, I want large breasts because that'll make me more beautiful. And I'm proud of myself that many years later that I can look back and kind of be like, I actually didn't need that because I had hormone breast growth of the equivalent to like a B carb and I was actually had like great breasts.


Okay. So that's interesting. So you're Yeah. At the same time that you're saying that you were able to make this mature decision Yeah. To go under the knife or to recognize that you were not a male, I guess would be if I'm, I hope I'm, yeah. Okay. You're also admitting that you did something kind of childish, right? I mean to say I need big boob, I'm a girl being childish. Yeah. That I, I wouldn't do that. I'm a I'm an actual woman. Right, right, right, right. So I wouldn't do that because that just sounds to me like someone who's playing dress up like that just sounds To me. Oh no, it's definitely not Because It wasn't a costume. But that is because the first thing, if If you genuinely thought like, this is who I am, the first thing you do is get boobs. Right. That's to me, just like, this is what it means to be a girl.


Right. It's, But we're talking about surgically the first Thing I did. But that, but that's, that to me is a costume because yeah, women have all different breast size. There are some women that are completely pancakes. Yeah. So, and that have huge Boobs. So I got a new, I got a new song now. But that titty for me, me So it all kind, but that's why I take ownership over the fact that what I'm saying is not being a costume and not copying anyone, anyone, or anything like that. It was a decision made by me that I thought I needed. And it wasn't any deep regret. It was just later on I was like, I just don't need that size. Right. 'cause I knew I needed, but the thing is, we have to be specific that my own friends that are born female have the same thing.


Like, my best friend literally hates her implants. She's got A costume. But, but, but she's doing that for a different reason. And this kind of gets my point. You said that after, and I, I wanna slow this down 'cause I'm, I'm making a point that I would like you to, to understand. You said that once you realized that you were a female, you felt that you were a female. Yeah. My and you were in the wrong body. The first thing you did was do something that does not make someone a female. Right. That you just were like, I'm gonna get boobs. So that to me shows a tremendous immaturity right now when other women do this, they're just like, I wanna look like Kim Kardashian and this is a trend, da da da. But why am I not? but they're not doing it because they're going, I am not a woman. Do you get what I'm, but It's what's difference though?


Because what? Yeah, because my best friend literally got implants because she, and and I quote, she was like, I feel like a boy because I've got no boobs. Some, some women want bigger breasts. That's what she saying. And some people like, like I don don't mind little breast or big breasts, but women want to go get breast and that's What they say. But they're doing that attach, attach it to masculinity. It's, but you're saying masculinity and femininity are two different things. Right? They don't attach it to whether or not they are, in fact, a I like they, they would never go to the doctor and say, if I don't get these boobs right, I'm a male. No, But didn didn't think that I was talking about aesthetically pleasing. That was my point. But that, but That Actually, oh my gosh, gosh. I love that. Wanted the breast. Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. I just, I just wanna say this.


that is, to me, that's a costume and that's why I call, and this is why I feel that it's woman face. It's, it's an idea. It's like, this is what I believe women are because I'm scrolling through and I'm, I'm giving you a modern example. Obviously Instagram is not around when you're doing this. I'm scrolling through Instagram and I think that the hottest girl on Instagram is Sophia Richie. So what do I have to do to look like Sophia Richie? And that's gonna make me a woman. That to me is woman face. Right. That doesn't, and that doesn't make, so yes, you're saying there's aesthetics to it and that is the reason why you will see women all across la Exactly. It like standard practice. For me it was, they'll get their, it's, but it's the aesthetic. Different Countries like different things too. But I exactly. For me, once again, because I can only speak from a personal point of view, it was the aesthetic of it.


Just like my girlfriend, like I stated, that's how she felt as a born female. But the costume for me, because you're using that and that is something that gets thrown around in our community. I wanna specify how I see the costume because I actually agree with that terminology. And I hate when people treat being trans like a costume because they do do it, but it's just not in that scenario. A costume to me is how I specify before where people are going around saying, I'm trans and they wanna reap the benefits of being a trans, let's say activist or getting jobs as a trans spokesperson, whatever it may be. And then you see them at the corner store and it's like literally like, whoa, did you detransition overnight? That's what I see as a costume. So They went back to being, Well, it's just what she said, it, it can be a costume, but for me, this isn't a costume.


I can't rip it all off. I know. I've got, I'm in glam now because I love glam and you know, I like to feel and look good, smell good, whatever, whatever. But at home, no makeup on hair up in a bun is giving woman's giving what it is. Okay. So you, It's not a costume for Me. You genuinely believe that you're a woman. A hundred percent. Do I think I'm a born female biological woman? Absolutely not. I'm a trans woman and I'm well aware that I'm not a biological woman. And I wanna make that statement very loud. That's a good, because that's where it gets crossed and where I think trans people need to come to the table is understanding that and letting biological women know that we are well aware we are trans women.


And if people are out there saying anything, otherwise, that's something that I don't want back. Right. That's my Now we're bridging the gaps. Right now we're bridging the gap. Candace. Yeah. I'm a well aware of who I am and what I am. Now we getting some with this. Do you Ray j believe that Danielle, it's a woman? Yes. I don't, I've never once even every time we talk. Yeah, I've always said Danielle, she, I, I'm, that's, that's what it is. Like, and all of my friends that are in the community, I mean, we have a whole gag agency, right? Shout out to Ro and Dumpin d it's the full gag agency. Right? And then we have the Gworls Club. Right. So there's different layers and different, different things that people like to do in their world that they like to be outside of work.


But when we all come to work, everybody's on time, everybody's on point. What happens after work? I mean, it ain't You know what I'm saying? I I could only imagine what some of my other friends do. Some of my boom operators and camera guys. They, they, they real freaks. Right? So who knows what they doing. All I know is that when we did the Gworls Club, we shot it in the Girl Hills. Yeah. It was a lot of intense drama. you know, everybody was trying to tell their story. So it got, it got really dramatic and it was a lot of like physical altercation. So we had to call another security team in. Security team got there and the security team ended up falling in love with all the girls there.


So they never left. So the security team would hang out with the girls after the set. And when it was eight o'clock call time, they just got out the bed and went to work, got dressed right because everybody started locking in. and that showed me that, you know, it's, you know, people after work and people in their own time is going love doing what they do. So I. Just wanna be clear, Danielle, I think you're a very kind person. You're a very open person. I'm, I'm just so happy that you're willing to have this discussion. Raja, when you say that you believe And shout out to the security team, You believe that Danielle is a woman. You believe that I am a woman. I believe like she said. Yeah. She's a trans woman.


Okay. And she made it very clear that they understand the difference. But if someone like What is the difference? That's why I'd like you to answer AJ Ray J What is the difference? Well, I would say what's the difference is what you have, like what, what's on you You know what I mean? And there is really no difference but what your preference is outside of work, outside of us coming together and doing what we need to do to, to finish the goal at hand. No, but what, what is the difference between me and Danielle?


She's a trans woman and you're a and the biology biological woman. Is that the word? Yeah. Because I'm still being, I'm getting educated every day on it. Right? Right. Asked a lot Of questions, but you're getting educated on speech rather than being educated on what you know to be right and wrong. Well, no I know. Well, not right and wrong, I just know what, what's the difference. So If you have to differentiate and I'm, I'm glad that you are 'cause I do think that that's much more respectful than where a lot of people are coming from. Who I self-identify as transgendered. But If, you have to delineate If. you have to say I'm a trans woman and Candace is a woman. Then that necessarily means that we are not the same. Right. We are something different. I think everybody is different.


Every human is different. Yeah. Nobody's the same. Yeah, I agree. Nobody's just, and I feel like even I wanted to double on that point is within to sex. Let's be honest, a lot of people just back in the day used to say hermaphrodite and now it's no is no one is intersex, hamadi hamadi and then now grammatically correct. Is intersex Grammatically correct. Yeah. And I'm learning too, mind you, because I had to learn what intersex was. 'cause Aphrodite is when you got, when You are born with basically both organs or XY chromosomes mixed and things like that. So it's more, it's not just, I'm gonna take a hormone. It's actually the way you are born. So what does that mean? So that basically comp it, it makes the topic of trans actually more complex because a lot of people now that it intersex identify under the trans umbrella So, it can get very tricky in conversation.


Because one point I wanted to make is that I have often wondered, and maybe we could film this one day 'cause I actually don't know, but my family have actually pulled me aside and said based on, you know, the way I look move and my whole journey that they wanted to get a test to see if I was actually into sex. Because it would make more sense with my whole journey, the way I look and the way that my life has unfolded. But it's a very expensive test from what I've heard. And I never had that done. The chromosome. Yeah. So that's what, and And, and to be clear, Yeah. And that's when it does start to change. Because as you can imagine, and even from a religious standpoint, 'cause I've had this conversation with Christian women before, does that then make it different because it's actually is how you are born versus a lot of people saying it's a choice.


Yes. But like can we might be missing a chromosome, like there might be a prom I a lot You know what I'm saying? There might be be one chromosome missing in certain humans. I would love to test that we ain't paying attention to. That's why we bridging the gap today.


Alright, Right guys, some exciting news. We just launched our new store on sticker Mule. It's packed with awesome Candace Owens merch including stickers, t-shirts and more. So go to sticker mule.com/ Candace and check it out. Now a big portion of sales goes directly to the CandaceOwens show supporting our mission to empower communities and promote free thought. So whether you wanna show your support or just grab some cool gear, we have got you covered. Again, head to sticker mule.com/ Candace. Go check it out right now.


So to be clear, it is plausible, very, very, very small minority of people who are literally born hermaphrodites. Correct? Yeah. It's a small, that is considered a genetically a genetic anomaly. Right? So something goes wrong and you can be born with two parts that that, that something has gone wrong. But why would, why can't it just be right for that person? Yeah. Because I feel like wrong is wrong. Well, genetic anomalies happening like, like if everything goes Right, but like if me and her was attached together, are we wrong? See, I feel that is, that is also something, when something goes wrong, this is why, you know, like the exotic I don twins and they I don to these surgeries and their, and their, you know, organs can be mixed and it, it is a, it's a risk. I don't think wrong.


It Is right. But something goes wrong when somebody is born intersex Something wrong because or is wrong. and yeah, we all believe the God created snake can add two heads. So. I feel like that could also be, or cow that is God's creation. Because I'm A kid. I'm not saying the person being alive is wrong. I am saying that genetically speaking, there are tons of things that can go wrong. It's like, you know people when something happens because of who you're married to and your genes are lining up in a different way and some people can be born Special. Yeah. Blind in one eye. Yeah. This, that, this, you know, there are tons of things that happen. One of my dogs was blind, but exactly he was moving away. People are, people are born different. He was biting People. Okay? But You know that is not intersex is not transgenderism because transgenderism, everything has gone just right.


And at some point in that person's life, they just make a decision to say that I want to start living as this opposite sex that I was not born as. And that is why I say this is a mental disorder. Okay? I don't view an intersex person as having a mental disorder, but can I add to that? But, but I view a transgendered individual as having a mental disorder and I'm So I. I'll ask you a question. Is Rachel Dozo Black? Pardon? Is Rachel Dozo black? Rachel Dos If you're not familiar. Is is the woman who was wearing dark makeup and was leading the end, leading the naacp, had grown her hair out kinky into an afro and then it turned out that her parents spoke out and she's basically as wide as they come.


And she just was dressing every day as a black person and passing as black and leading the naacp. Yeah. And, and everyone in The community I don know her. So I don't wanna comment on That. No, I want you to comment because she Was just, she was very simple. I feel like I know. So she was just wearing makeup. Yes. I feel like that's inappropriate. And I feel like going back to what you said before, that is the perfect example of costuming. Okay. Well Because see how That, so that seems very unfair and it feels judgmental because to me, if you're going to say that you felt that despite the fact that you were born a male, that you felt on the inside that you were something else, and then you went through steps to present as that something else.


Right? And then when I say what about Rachel Dole? Yeah, Rachel Dole says that she felt her whole life that she was born in the wrong skin color. Right. and that these weren't really her parents. Yeah. And like she was black And, so she started presenting as black. I just don't see how you can be ideologically consistent because no one will accept rich dollars though, because that's blackface. How could you say this? But you're sitting here like, well I demand that I get like, you know that like, and I'm saying you as the larger community, right? Because I don't think you're being demanding at all Yeah. In this moment. But it's just, do you see the hypocrisy? Yeah. I get saying that a woman can't just like, why can't a white girl say She's black? No, I get what you're saying. I get what you're saying and I see how people would compare that problem that, but my thing is once again is when we want to have conversations about things, it's never just an umbrella.


And that's why when I hate when people say that it has to be down to the individual. So as a, as a mature smart lady, and you are telling me this and I'm comprehending that, I'm already understanding it for what it is. And that's why every case is different because that's no different. That one, that's A very easy question is Rachel dollars a Black? But that, but I You know what, I watched something on I think Fox and it was, they asked a, a, a, a transgender guy about it and he was stuck on the question when they said, if I said I was black, I think Pierce Morgan said it. And he said, if so, if I say I'm black, do you consider me black?


And I heard that he I said that to you, that interview. Yeah. He was stuck and he didn't know what to say. Yeah. Because he didn't wanna get the wrong, because I think that the, it's tricky now with race. Yeah. And gen, right. Not tricky. It's very, it's, and and I think that, but here's the thing. The fact that that's a, that question kind of stops the answers from flowing because you gotta, we need to elaborate more on that. We need to, we need to like, we need to figure out how to fig how to really understand that question. Yeah. Well, because that's being asked and it kind of shuts everything. But that's, but there's a reason it shuts everything down. 'cause it's not a tricky question.


You, she like, like literally in, in four seconds Rachel Dole said that she was black, that she lived this way, she was, had a great job at the NAACP fighting for black causes. Suddenly her parents speak out, everyone can see that her parents are very white. And then they showed a picture of Rachel Dolls So. it turns out this is like a blonde-haired Scottish girl. I mean, and, and that Well what if she Is around? What if she was around black people for all her Life? Well, that's my point. Right? So, and the reason why you guys are struggling to answer this is because what it does is it presents, I'm not struggling. It presents. Yeah. You said Rachel do is not black. She's not black. And and also Feel Rachel Sitting here, She was black. She's black. Yeah. Okay. And would I, but Like if I wanna be called killer po gotta call me the name.


I want at least You're being consistent. You're not being consistent. So at least you're saying that any person can just say whatever they are and we have to accept it. If they feel deep down and they went through middle school and they felt that they were black right? Then we have to suddenly protect. But I'm not saying that I would disrespect her for saying like, I wouldn't be like, you are not, because to be honest, that's got nothing to do do with me. But it disrespect If, you asked Reality. It is costy. and that's going back to what we said before, which is a major issue, is that the blur, the lines get blurred because of of, of being a costume. And trance is not a costume, it's not a cloak. When I take this off is that, but but the thing is, once again, it still comes down to the individual scenario.


And that is what it is. Because I wanna say that the thing that I get thrown at me all the time, which people obviously think hurts me and it doesn't, it's laughable, is people are like, okay, you say you are trans. Well, I'm a unicorn or I'm a cloud. I mean, it's ridiculous. How is it comparable? Well, we, I'm okay. We do currently have children that are saying they're trans species. So that's a reality. There are are kids that are saying that they're cats, that they're dogs. I think that we Have to Respect that at least you're being ideologically consistent. At least you're being consistent because It's, and that's fair. I'm saying he's Because But you said Rachel Dozo wasn't black because No, but what I was saying is Walk, we're living black. We are living in a society where we have rules and regulations. Right. And we have, we have a government.


We go to jail when we do wrong, right. So, it is the wild, wild west. So there's things that get better and people get more honest. And then there's also people who abuse the honesty. 'cause now it's changing into something that's like the end thing real. There's people who are really in it for real. And then there's people who are just kind of try Yeah, imitators. Yeah, imitators. But you're not anm imitator. Like you went through the whole thing. Exactly. And I know who I am and it's not a joke and it's not a costume. And I wanted to double back on something really important. And obviously it's your opinion. So I don't even wanna be disrespectful on it, but I know, a lot of times you've stated that, you know, trans being transgender 'cause don don't like the word transgenderism is a mental disorder.


But you know, the, the a PA states that it's not a mental disorder at all. And they're psychiatrists, they're trained psychiatrists. And I knew you probably knew I'd bring this up, but You know the a PA states that it's not a mental disorder at all. So that's the American Psychiatric Association and also the World Health Order. And what they state is that it's actually just obviously gender dysphoria. And then the description from gender dysphoria is the feeling of distress. You feel me? From gender dysphoria. But then the interesting thing about this, and I wanna bring this to you 'cause this is, you know, I know that's your statement and that's mine. But what's interesting even about that to show how everyone is so unique is I don't even have gender dysphoria anymore because I don't ever feel or walk around feeling like a guy.


Let's so see how it's so Like gender dysphoria. So gender Dysphoria. So you are getting educated because Yes. So gender dysphoria is when trans people feel dysphoric about like their gender. So in the sense of a trans woman being like, oh my god, I feel You know manly today I feel like a guy, I feel like blah, blah blah. and that brings them down. And that's what causes feelings of distress. And that's why it's not considered a disorder because it's a feeling of anxiety about that thing about you. But for me to double on that, I'm like, but I don't wake up and ever see a guy feel like a guy. So I don't have gender dysphoria. So everything and every individual is different. And that's why I'll always preach that point. But it's not a disorder.


I don't have a mental disorder. Like I don't even Think about this on a day-to-day basis. But I am willing to come to the forefront and speak about trans rights and transness because I am. But I always wanna show people worldwide that you can clearly see we're all different, you know, and we have, have a different backgrounds. you know what I Like? I wish some of the guys that that you know, that are are, are like in love and infatuated in this relationship. I wish they would come out and be like, yo, this is what it is. Because some of 'em are my friends and I'm like you whenever you feel like it, but you not wrong. And I'm not gonna say nothing to none of the homies, but y'all gotta speak up too and just come out and love and hug trans Love.


Is that like A zero My And show the compatibility. Yeah. With what y'all like and what what what's going on in the real world? Yeah. So I just wanna go way back because there's, there i, I do feel there was this intentional speeding through the Rachel Doel point before we get to the psychological, which there's a reason why the a PA which is in charge of psychology is even commenting on this issue. P because they know that it's a psychiatric issue or they wouldn't have to comment on it. So Rachel Doel, I wanna go back to that. 'cause this is a very important point and I I do feel you're peddling past because you realize this it's, it's I know this, this, This Is flash And back. Okay, well it doesn't matter. Let's let's say any individual, yeah this is an, this is an individual who is committed and living as a black person when in fact they were born with parents that are white than snow.


So nobody Was Black. No, nobody even, not even a draw. Similar I think not even like Ancestry didn't say, I'm pretty sure I've seen this, this song like Botched or something, didn a Spanish song, probably never got listened to a Spanish song. It was not even a drop. I know among the length of what you're talking about because I think I've seen it on botched Instantly or said yeah. Instantly said, yeah and have held to the point that Rachel Dole is not a black person. So if Rachel Dole is not a black person but believes that she is a black person on the inside, what is Rachel Dole suffering from? So for me personally, like I will say once again because I don't know her story, but based on what you are telling me, I will go back to the point every time that what it sounds like is that she's costuming.


That's what it is to me. If Rachel believes she's black, that's not only not my place to comment on, I don't know that girl So, it doesn't bother me. But if someone doesn't believe in what she's doing is right, if it's publicized or whatever, that's their opinion. But do I think that she has a mental disorder? My answer is who am I to even comment on that? Yeah because I'm not a psycho. Let me, let me just, let me just finish. I have no idea. Okay. I agree with you about Ole she is costuming, right? But does she have a mental disorder? Yeah. If, you are living your life as something that you are not and you believe inside of you that you are this right? She's not hurting anybody, but she is suffering. Okay. From a mental disorder.


Yeah. Now, okay, I know somebody that's suffering. Now this is where things get tricky. So you and Rachel Dole are actually embodying the exact same thing, right? I don't think So I both of you believe Is that is and That anybody watching this is going, this is a very valid point both I don That you are something that you are not and you have gone through extremities to live as something that you are not. That's a co, but this is a costume. And that's my point. What exactly everything you are saying to Rachel Dole, you could say to yourself that I don Rachel Dole could share a story. Lemme just give this out. Rachel Dole could share a story and say, You know from the time I was a kid when I was four, my mom looked down at me and said that you were showing characteristics of being black.


And then when I was in school, everyone was like, Rachel kinda like, you know, one of the black People. but she was kind of thick too, right? Yeah, Rachel, That's what I'm saying. I I don You, I'm saying like a black girl. I I know Rachel. And next thing you know, Rachel at 17 years old was going to Christian school and was like, you know what, I'm ready to do the first thing And. so Rachel, Rachel went and got her hair corn rose. So she said she was mixed. She got her hair, corn rose, she just, she said she mixed and then she started wearing the, the makeup getting tan, all this stuff. And then next thing you know, Rachel Dozo fully believed, right? And. so I'm out here like justice for Rachel Dozo because if you're out here saying that you're a woman, then Rachel Dozo has every right to be a black person.


And the reason why Rachel Dozo that case study makes you uncomfortable is because it hits the truth. It hits an objective reality. Which is that you, you cannot just say because you're willing to get surgery or because you're willing to do your hair a certain way or that you're, or that you're willing to wear makeup, that you are something that you're not. Now that said, I don't have an issue. Like there's nothing that you're doing. And I think that this is where like it gets mixed up where people pretend there's some attack happening or we're saying that, you know, you need to be put into camps. No, I think actually you're a very nice person. You're just not a woman and you're never gonna be a woman. But you and I never but I know that. Right, exactly. And that's why I wanted to make that point. But people weaponize that see people, people love being like, you are not a woman.


And I'm like, yeah, cool, great point. I agree. And then where do they go? Because see, they're weaponizing it because they want to put us down. Like you are not a real girl. You never will be. Yeah, I'm aware. I have a mother and three sisters like I'm well aware. Yeah. And I'm okay with that. And I love the way I am. That's what're asking. That's why's. And even with Rachel, to go back to your point, if Rachel wants to be that way, go ahead girl. Get your life. That's what I'm saying. But see it so it's not me being contradictory, but it would be the question was is yes, I feel she's costumey, but girl, get your life If. you wanna do that? Do it. But it always comes back to us being delusional. But we are not, we know we're not biological women. So. it is Scored and that and that. See now we can all be friends. It's twisted. So we can all go out and You know.


I Wanna ask you a questions because, 'cause I actually find your energy. Like, you know, like I feel like you're a strong woman, you're wise, you're intellectual, and I actually get good energy off you. I'm like an energy kind of gal. And I wanna ask you in I know, it's only been a short time but us conversing and you know, I can tell you're listening when I'm talking about my upbringing and stuff, do you see me as like a woman, a trans woman and stuff? Or do you see me as like he and like a costume? I think that you're wearing a costume. Okay. And And do you see me as a boy or do you as a trans woman? I mean I just, or do You think I'm a feminine Brother? So, I Just think that we've adopted these words. I think that you have gender dysphoria, right? You feel happier in this.


I'm more meaning physicality. 'cause obviously you've Listened, you any person I could get Ray JI mean makeup. Oh, no way. Right? No, no, but I, I'm saying like, you know, I you, you, you could, have you seen X-Men? I mean Charlie's there, the media. I more asking in makeup you can, you can present As a, but I'm more asking physicality. But even without makeup, like I can get photos and sent to you with me with no makeup, no editing, whatever. I'm more mean like in the sense, 'cause this is also a huge topic that, and in the trans community, we call it being real or being possible. Those are just like street languages. And you know, it, it doubles back to the fact that I don't sit on a couch at a restaurant or at a bus stop or whatever and be like trans or whatever.


I actually pass as a biological female. So then it becomes my responsibility to every day educate people that I am trans. And that's usually out of respect because I like to be honest with men. I don't like to, you know, deceive anyone or lie or whatever. But my thing is, is if we were having a conversation and it wasn't about this and we were just vibing or if I went to a church and stuff like, you're not looking at me as like a boy or like gl ray glam. Well if, to be fair, I I, since I knew you were coming here, I feel that's not a fair question to ask because, but to be clear, there are tons of, especially today, you could literally look at somebody on the internet and never know that they lived as the opposite sex.


Yeah. Yeah. And that's that or that they were born as, as the sex that they're not presenting rather is the best better way to say it. But to me, I, I don't know, like for me I think that it's just dishonesty. Do you know what I mean? If You're not being honest, If you're not being honest, not Like me. Like one time, and I ain't never told nobody this, but I put on a wig one time, right? Yo And. so when I put on the wig, because I was trying to get into this other character, So I put on the wig, I looked in the mirror and I went, oh my God. And I was attracted to me. Y'all So I took the real key And I went, what just happened?


He was in character. I didn't know what happened, but I was like, It's true though. 'cause I had it on and I went like that 'cause it was in my, it was in my eye. So I went like that and I took it off because I was attracted to me, y'all and, and I love me, but I didn't know I love me like that. Like I look good. So I never did it again. Okay. I'm So happy that you shared that. I Just, yeah, I don't know why, but I felt like it's good to just be vulnerable in here. But yeah, that's what happened to me. This Is a, a safe space. Yeah, thank you. And I, I wanna, I'm sorry make a gorgeous woman. You would make a gorgeous woman. No, I just liked me. I was like damn. And then I went, oh that's me. Yeah. I think one of the things that when, when conservatives are speaking with people on this issue and people think that it's so hardcore and some of the, I guess belligerent that I think people are sensing and there is a belligerence there and the belligerence is coming from the fact that what used to be a very small minority of people who were suffering from gender dysphoria has now been mainstreamed and it's become a social contagion.


And I feel particularly responsive to it because I did set sit down with a person named Brianna I. don know If, you had time to watch this interview that I did. Brianna is still tr identifies as transgender. Right? He was very kind. He and I sat down and he basically reached out to me because he, like you decided to go through the procedure. Things went very wrong. Yeah. Breonna Ivy went wrong. Yeah. And at the end of the day, Breonna realized he was just a gay guy and basically fell into the trap of meeting, seeing people online, seeing these shows that were produced who made them think it was gonna be this easy thing and you were gonna be happier on the other side when the majority of the people actually aren't. We know for a fact that suicide rates increase after transitioning, which they don't share.


And So it feels to me and especially, and I can ask this you Ray J because you're presenting a show here and you're gonna contribute to this culture of people thinking just like Brianna Ivy did, that this is just, oh this is a decision that's gonna be super easy and this is just actually who you are and this is who you were born and this is who you can be. And that to me is just such a demonstrable lie. And it's a lie that's hurting children. you know, children are wanting to be like Ray J and thinking that this is cool and I'm gonna hang out with some trans people and it's gonna be dope and they're having their entire lives. Like that was the only time I almost cried on my show was when Brianna was just boohoo crying, sharing how deformed he is, how he wished he had heard voices like mine.


Saying like, you need to wait because you are going down a path and you're paying attention to culture, which is just trying to sell you the listen To your heart, right? Yeah. And listen to the education that like hopefully now we can provide, we have the gag agency, we have GRPR, I have Ray Pride, which is a C3 and, and I think we have the Gworls Club and I think it's just having these conversations where people who are straight and people who are gay, people who are trans, they could all just sit down and just, just talk it through. Right? As you watch that, you start to understand and get educated on a lot of different things. And I think that's the most important is being able to have these conversations with different people who have different opinions and different perspectives on life coming together.


And were able to have this debate and these understandings. And even if the first two or three debates don't go right, the fifth one might, you know, the sixth. The sixth or seventh one might as long as we give each other time because everybody's here now. Everybody's and everybody's strong. The communities are strong. you know, the L-G-B-T-Q is extremely strong and they're supportive and they're down to support people who are willing to understand. Same with the Straits. And I say the Straits now because I've been Right. It's the, you know, the straights. Right. And you know, and that's just because I've been in both worlds a lot lately and I feel good.


I feel good that we're all able to talk. I feel good that we're able to sit and have this debate without it going way to the left or way to the right. Right. And I I to dab I need more, we need more of this. Yeah. And, And I, this is special. I wanted to double on his point as well because Ray doesn't even understand sometimes as you know, he's the CEO of Tronics and Ray's just gonna be Ray. But he doesn't understand the power and impact in a positive way he has on us because we're able to be very hands on with this network and show and we are able to come around and have access to someone like Ray that's a producer that most people in cast just do it and get turfed or you know, it's like shows see you later. We've been able, after the show has wrapped to be able to have intense, personal, private, whatever conversations with Ray and really talk about real things like I Yeah, I mean my experiences, I mean I bless Yeah.


Like We, we talk about everything. Yeah. Some loud things that I think we can continue to elaborate on. Yeah. And I wanted to, as We all grow together. Yeah. And I wanted to intended make a point as well that we don't sit there and get told what we want hear. Some of these conversations are hard to have. There might be disagreements sometimes people not saying Ray but might say something offensive. So it's not them just sitting in the room telling us trans girls what we want to hear. And You know, and I had a lot of things that's, I had things that had happened to me that, that that shocked me and that y'all helped guide me through that we can elaborate on later. 'cause that's another, we call that all I don. I don't wanna go too viral. Yeah. But you know, but you know, it, it is, it is always good to be able to talk and disagree.


Agree. Yeah. And it's not intensely uncomfortable, but it's fun. Right. And I think there's just a level of respect and you having us on today just speaks volumes on I think so you know, you and what you represent and how you've given us the opportunity to, to talk and and and debate and get an understanding 'cause yeah, a lot of people, you know, listen to you. A lot of people are supportive of the trans community, the gay community and together bridging the gap, at least just for mutual understanding and respect from all sides is really strong. Yeah. And I really, I always think being respectful is super important and I'm grateful that you guys respect that.


you know, my opinions haven't changed on the issue. And one of the biggest reasons which I wanted to communicate to you from the conservative community and why we feel like we have to be so strong on, And that the conservative community, meaning the straight community or just the conservative community World, conserv, politically conservative. And the reason why this matters so much, especially deeply for those of us who have kids and see what's happening in the school system is because at the moment that you say that there is no objective reality, everything becomes possible. And some people hear that and they're like, yay Disney World, everything becomes possible. But the reality is, is that If, you say there's no such thing as a male and there's no such thing as a female. And anybody can decide what they are when they want.


They can say I'm a different race, I'm transracial, you know, I, I'm transsexual, I'm transgendered. Then at event eventually, and very quickly we will wind up by people saying that. And there have been examples of this people saying that they're actually a different age. So you have a 60-year-old man, but it's not funny 'cause this is real. But you, this is real. I'm, I'm a 6-year-old man who is saying that he self-identifies as a 13-year-old and these people go and they commit acts of pedophilia. This has happened, right? And They have so, but they have places where they go and be babies and they like So It a bottle. And this is real And. so this is, this is all, it's added. It's very onto the LGBT. don don't view, See I don't want like White C but you say, I wanna Make that Statement that people like that because I've heard that in different statements and once again is like crazy that as a trans person under the umbrella, I'm just lumped with these people because, But maybe that's But that is Whole point I don their perception of, I get that you don't identify as that.


But it is ideologically speaking the same thing. If we don't say that there is an objective reality, it would actually be better if a trans person said, I accept this is actually a mental disorder. I don't want to say to people because by the way, people have other mental disorders, bipolar, I've got people, people have this. That's why Is there, is there, is there another word? Let Me, but let me, let me, but let me That, is there another word besides besides mental disorder But because it is So it, okay, because I don't think this is triggering. I don't know why suddenly people are so triggered with this. It's your mental and something is out of order but It's because it's not real Ken. But Some people are, some people, people don't like to eat food because they want to be just gimme One second. Lemme just get through this. Okay, go ahead So. it is, it is, right?


So there can be people that is right who have body dysmorphia. that is a mental disorder. You have people who are anorexic. I used to have anorexia, I had a mental disorder, okay? I was tiny, okay? And I was doing it as a control mechanism. I was very happy. In fact, the only way to actually get better was to accept that this is a mental disorder. Okay? don don't have an issue with that term. I don't think it's a problem because at varying points in people's lives, your mental can get out of order. The issue when you don't acknowledge that it is a mental disorder and you instead just insist that like this is a normal thing and people are born this way means it becomes impossible to attack that person ideologically speaking If, you start making laws and saying this is real. Then that guy who says, I'm 63 years old and I believe at IN 12 on the inside, I never grew up, this is who I am.


Peter Pan sent me a never land and he molests a another girl and he goes into the court and he says, no, I'm 13. Objective reality is what I, I feel never land. Definitely not the right. It's how I feel on the inside. And I actually, your honor, feel that I'm actually 16 that's against the law. Now here's A question against, but Here, Here's a question. But this is why we have to be a guard. And this is, I'm speaking now on behalf of conservatives. We have to be a guard and we have to say objective reality exists. Okay? Objectively speaking. Bipolar, it's a disorder, an anorexia, it's mental disorder transgenderism, bi dysmorphia is mental disorder. This is a mental disorder, right? And there are, anorexia Is a mental disorder.


Being trans is not a mental disorder. So we have to stick to the facts. It is not anorexia And. so if someone Schizophrenia, if, and actually they're skinny, you say that's, you have a mental disorder. I got good question. And you, but you're saying that you are a male, you believe you're a woman and that's not a mental disorder. I'm just being specific. Trans and anorexia mental disorder and not mental disorder. The a PA. You only have to ask the a PA, these are trained psychiatrists and I understand that conservatives will wanna say that's to fill in objective, but at the end of the day, it is what it is. Well They just Updated it's not disorder In the last couple of years. Yes, exactly. Because literally a mental Disorder. No, but it was misinformation and conservatives in the past.


And Someday they'll update that same manual and they will say that minor attracted people, which is a term that they're tossing around now. 'cause they're saying it's offensive to call them pedophiles. And we should instead call them minor attracted people someday they're gonna push to update the manual then, which is why I insist on being a guard against that. and that ve objective reality. I don't want that attached to anything to, you know what LGBT, lgbtq, How do you feel about that? Talking about people saying I identify as a 12-year-old


All Right guys jumping in here to let you in on a little wireless hack that can cut your cell phone bill in half every single month. Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need unlimited data so that you can be overcharged. But here's the fact, most of you are buying way more data than you actually will ever need pure talk. My cell phone company only charges you for the data that you actually want. Listen to this. For just $25 a month, you can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data plus a mobile hotspot. Do you know what you could do with five gigs of data? A lot. You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream 1000 songs or you can watch 10 hours of Candace videos. Stop over paying for wireless and get 5G coverage with pure talk. Go to pure talk.com/owens. Switching is very easy. There's no contract, no activation fee. You can even keep your phone and your phone number. Again, that's pure talk.com/owens and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month with pure talk.


Damn, my hand was up for so long. I forgot what I was gonna say, but I want to say, damn, I had something good. I wanted to say, I feel like I wanna know this. This is a good question. How many people in the world are suffering from some kind of mental disorder? Is it majority of the world? Is it 89%, 93%, 43%, 2%. Right? That's how we'll understand where we all are mentally, right? Because sometimes you'll have it this phase and you'll get out of it this phase, right? Like you said you had a a phase you went through and now you're, you're out of it.


Right? How many people in the world are statistically suffering from a mental disorder? Because I think that's how we'll respect the word mental disorder as opposed to your perspective in life. It just means that your, your ment your mental is out of whack. But how many people in this world are going through that? I mean, we probably won't be able to figure it out now. Yeah, that's a very good question because that will give us a, a good scope on people's perception of what a mental disorder is. IIII generally don't say that to be triggering. I I like I said, I No, I I'm fine with it.


It just, sometimes it triggers I'm fine. I've had mental, I've been weapon Mentally, but I'm good Right. Disordered from the beginning. Yeah, right. you know? Yeah. I think it, I it I think It triggers, I think it triggers you because you've gotten it your whole life and it's, It's not a trigger. But my point is, is that I have to represent not only myself but the community to put out the information out there that's factual and I know you're a boss with that. You are all about the facts. Yeah, yeah. The facts are that it's not a disorder and that, and We gotta do a poll, but I understand people are people's opinion. I Get it. But I just think that when, when people see this, and obviously the internet will internet, but when they hear you call Rachel Dole, like that's crazy. When they hear you say like, oh, the idea of identifying at different age is crazy, but then you being like, but this Sex is a real thing.


I don Wanna be very specific. People are gonna say, okay, I'm I don with my Want you to I want you to give, I want you to give us time to go back and analyze the question in its entirety because No, but for me, as I've done my study, I, as I, I've done, I've studied a lot of things that I've seen. Right? That question is a very, very last question of all that kind of like puts the wall up on On, it's not a wall, it's just telling you that this doesn't make sense. That's it. Right? And that's so you feel like it's a wall because you're like, oh wait, suddenly I realize this doesn't make sense and it's just, and we end up pedophilia. It's just a great Question. Yeah, it's a great question for a reason because it instantly, like If you realize, hey, I, we have, there is such thing as an objective truth and If, you cannot be ideologically consistent then your idea makes no sense.


That's it. But it's have to layer, apply here. Layers. It's layers. I'm applying it here. Rachel Doza is gender black. A person who thinks that they're a race does not make themselves. But you're asking a person who thinks that they're genitor not make themselves both can, cannot Make a point you brought up It's a Question. Yeah. And I think we need to go back and like, analyze the question a lot more and let's di let us dissect the question. It's a very Comment, the comment section will Right. It's a very powerful Question. No, but I I think that, that's interesting that that's brought up that the, you know, they're gonna jump on that. But I know what I said on camera so that that's fine. They can say what they say, but it's, it's An atomic question. But you see Rachel for that. But I never called her crazy. I, and I was, If She wants to live, that's her Choice.


And by the way, we all feel that way. but they will hear you say that she is not black. And then hear and then hear you say, but I am a woman. What happened? Hold on. Because I said I'm not a biological woman. That that's, Thats why. And she's not a biological black person, but neither of you are you, you're both See I'm, I got a lot of white as identifying as, but I'm identifying as a trans woman. So I got a lot. See what I'm saying? I'm owning what I am. So that theory doesn't work. If I was sitting here when I asked you do you saying that I was biological woman, I feel like I would fit in her category. And that's the truth. I don't think she said she was a biological black person, just was Living No, the whole whole statement was that she was telling everyone that She was from the city that she was telling. I she lied. It could, it could be in a conservative black neighborhood.


Yeah. Or it could be in like she lived up lives neighborhood like We grew Based on what you said, She has been embedded in the community and and she has been crowned and she has been, yeah, she has been blessed And. so If she just came out and said, I'm transracial and then live as a black person, then you would say we're the same. No, because for me, I own that I'm not a biological woman and that I'm a trans woman. So that's why I feel like so many people take harm from it respectfully, because there hasn't been chats like this before where people like me have spoken out and said that and that's gonna gag people. You're Gonna, because People are like, oh, I didn't know that. I thought you go around saying you're biological. And that's the point that I'm trying to make. Everything is so specific and when you start lumping it into terms and into categories, it doesn't work like that.


That's not life. We have to be specific with different people in different scenarios. Me next to the next trans girl, we might not meet eye to eye at all. And you might be like, I can understand you, but I don't understand what they're saying 'cause it's just outer field. This was a this is a great debate. Yeah. 'cause we're actually talking it through and I think, and I think there's so many, there's so much more of it that needs to happen. Like this is a continuous thing that needs to happen. We would love to do a monthly week, like a weekly Well tell us, tell us Ray J just so we can wrap this up. And by the way, I do think this has been a very constructive conversation and I I feel at the very least, respected in the fact that you recognize that you and I are not the same. Yeah. and that, and I will tell you of, But we are the, the same.


We're all humans. Yeah. We're all, Well you know What, what I meant by that, I think that that's a huge issue that a lot of women have where it's like, I can just tomorrow decide to be you. I'm like, I'm like, I have like I'm a woman and I respect you and honestly I'm so glad I came. Exactly. 'cause I feel like when the cameras are off and when you're just vibing and having a chat, I know, just even by the look in your eyes, I know, like you can kind of get it and I get it. But the thing is, we can also agree to disagree and there's things that we're just not going to meet eye and eye. Right. But it's, this is why when you have a debate and when you have a conversation, you have to be specific and talk. You might not meet eye to eye days, but tomorrow's a new day. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe you could mentor me in a few days and next week maybe I could teach you A few. And I think you're, and I think you're very kind Danielle, seriously.


Like, and, and, and brave to come on here and have this conversation where most just talk trash on the internet and haven't thought about No, don't be nice. Like I'm Or a few. That's very sweet. Yeah. I was like brave. Tell us about the show in closing. Tell us about the show that Danielle's gonna be on and Yes. Well, the show is out now. It's on a new, it's on our new streaming platform. It's called Tronix Network, T-R-O-N-I-X network. And it's called the Gworls Club. I don't, I'm not good at saying the guru, the, the Gworls Club You know the girls spelled G-W-O-R-L-S. Yeah. And it has this little like, you know, swing to the way you're saying it, the Gworls Club. I just kind of keep it bland, but it's a, it's a really powerful show and it's one of our shows that we've really took time to make sure everybody's story is told correctly.


You know, our our goal on this new network is not to benefit off the demise of the drama. Right. It's really to uplift the talent, uplift the creators and inside of this dramatic world we live in, you, you know, you kind of just follow, just follow the story. And it's a really, I mean the ladies on this show are just like, I'm so happy that we are having this debate us because, you know, we all listen to each other and we all try to understand what each other's saying, whether we agreed or disagree. Some of the other talent might've went all the way into another world on the, on the really finding That's because they didn't see this now watching this Yeah.


Will just give people a a, an insight on how to debate and, and, and really just try to like get people to understand different perspectives and, and you've given us that opportunity. And where can people find you, Danielle, On Instagram at Danielle Alexis. And that's Danielle with two Eyes. Okay. Well guys, I just wanna say thanks for tuning in for this conversation and If you go and you wanna find Danielle. Always be respectful. you know what we believe here on the show is in radical free speech, let the best ideas win. We don't believe in denigrating people and calling them names. that is immediately easy. You've lost the argument. Would would love to hear your feedback in the comments. And we will see you guys for another episode soon.