
All right, you guys, Happy Monday. I did indeed over the weekend speak to Jessica Reed Kraus, also known as House inhabit. Also the RFK files. I am thinking the RFK Junior and the RFK files may be infinitely more interesting than the JFK files at the moment. Also, is daily wire going bankrupt That was trending over the weekend. I'll give you my take on those internet rumors. Let's jump right back into it. Welcome back to Candace.


While I was pretty fired up on Friday, I have since calmed down, but I am of course very focused on speaking about this topic. There's so many things that we need to get into this week when we talk about blackmail in general in DC it is so obvious there is a blackmail ring. It is really just pathetic If any person can't just admit that and you don't really need to be an expert on blackmail operations to understand that something is going on. A lot of this really is just common sense, right? I'll give you an example of something that should have struck everybody else as odd. Nobody willfully hangs out and works with somebody like Rabbi Schmoley. Okay? This guy, literal Goblin Rumpelstiltskin in the flesh, okay?


And everyone's watching him. Everyone agrees he's completely crazy. He outwardly it seems, tries to extort people, tells people that they must donate this much money to his charity and I don't even know if he's filing the right paperwork for his charity. If you don't do this, then I'm gonna smear you as an anti-Semite and a Jew hater. And I'm just giving you just one example because this guy, just to be clear, is going to become a part of RFK Junior's campaign. This is Schmo how he decided to dress up for Perim last year. Hi everybody. Purim is a day of celebration. We feel bad for Candace Owens that she lost her job.


So I figure with her image of what Jews is supposed to look like, why not Val, at least validator. I am dressed up as a Candace Owens Jew. Now this is not a Christian child, this is Jewish child, but if it would be, I got my Christian blood, mm, spicy, delicious. I got my Jewish nose, I have filth 'cause Jews are all filth and more than anything else, what does a D have? Money? Howie Jews are all About money. Speaking of all about money, here's an interesting story in case you missed it, rabbi Schmoley is currently being sued by the font and Blue Hotel. It's an incredible story. He was staying at this hotel in the lobby when somebody who is used to his rhetoric online decided to go up to him and to confront him and to call him names in the lobby.


And then afterwards, for whatever reason, he thought this would be a great opportunity to shake down the font and Blue Hotel because nobody should speak to me like that anywhere. According to the font and blues lawsuit, he insisted that he would only settle if the font and blue paid him $1 million. That's kind of one of the things he loves to ask for to his charitable organization without any transparent explanation as to the use of those funds. He then went on social media, accused them of being Nazi collaborators, called them anti-Semitic. Essentially, I'm gonna ruin your hotel reputation If you do not gimme this $1 million to my personal charity.


And you know, funny story, it turned out the people who own the font and Blue Hotel are in fact Jewish. So they went ahead and decided to sue him. And in that lawsuit we learn that the rabbi actually had a similar incident at that exact same hotel. In 2003, the hotel claimed to the news source, to the, to the local news that quote, the Rabbi omits, that he also demanded personal lifetime access to the swimming pool and the gym at the hotel. The same place he says is unsafe. Ultimately, the defendant accepted a free dinner at the hotel and moved on. And when he was asked about this lawsuit to being sued by a prominent Jewish family for trying to smear and libel them and to according to them, at least shake them down, extort them, he said, quote, that's exactly what Jews have been accused of.


It's almost like the lawsuit is from the protocols of the elders of Zion. Yeah, he's still calling them antis. The reason I'm bringing this up is because there is no halfway decent person in the world who thinks I would like to become the president of the United States in order for me to get there. I think this guy, rabbi Shmuley, would be well suited to be a my campaign. It's always been very strange that RFK Jr is always has Rabbi Schmoley in the background, especially given the allegations that were made against him by Michael Jackson. He's a very problematic character. Again, that is just obvious point number one, which you will eventually come back to.


Now when it comes to RFK Jr himself, he's actually always been refreshingly honest about his past issues with impulse control. He's been very honest about his past heroin addiction and how his drug addictions led to sexual impulse problems. Again, all things that can be understood and actually I think fostering those conversations is really a good thing for America. More broadly speaking though, when we consider black male operations, there is almost always a sexual component. And I'm talking about when we just take a look through American history, especially those of us that have read this book, chaos, right? We learn a lot about these drug fueled sex parties that were aided by the CIA and their mind controlled experiments with LSD, which they were distributing freely throughout the sixties.


It was a central fixture of the the 1960s in general for those of you who are, are kind of new to understanding that or hearing that, and you may have grown up thinking as I did that the hippies movement, the hippies generation was just totally organic, love, sex, rock and roll. Think again. Okay. It actually is directly tied to incredibly influential people in history who worshiped a religion called fima. Alistair Crowley, who was once dubbed the the most wicked man in the world, he, they very much believed in sort of these hippie communes before they were hippie communes and they brought in psychiatrists and the elites to have these sex parties, which involved these drugs and experimentation and it gets so crazy.


If you guys go back in my catalog, we talk about nasa, their connection essentially. Just understand that the elites and the government were on board with this and the population eventually became a victim of what they were on board with, I would say in the sixties. And this book does a really good job unpacking all of the lies of the Manson murders. He was very connected to the elites. Join my book club. If you wanna learn more about that, we'll be have meeting tomorrow. Anyways, what I wanna say, and the reason why I'm bringing that up is because I do not believe in the Kennedy curse. Everyone talks about the Kennedy curse. Oh, there's, there have been plane crashes and JFK got shot and RFK got shot. I don't believe in a curse. I am, however, a believer in the idea that the CIA has kept incredibly close tabs on this family since they shot JFK.


Who is they? Who is they since they shot JFK? Okay, fun fact learned from this book, which was supposed to be about the Manson murders. This guy who's amazing, Tom o O'Neill, who went through just so much documentation that was hidden throughout the sixties and how the psychiatrists were involved, as I said, in drugging people trying to get them to commit crimes, trying to get them to kill people involving themselves in the sex cults and hypnosis. Well, you know, the official story, which we now know is just simply not true or never thought were true. If you were like me, is that Lee Oswald Harvey shot JFK and then he said he didn't shoot him. But then before, of course we could hear from Lee Oswald Harvey.


There was a guy named Jacob Rubenstein who shot Lee Oswald Harvey and nobody really knew why he did that, right? The war and commission. What? Why did he do that? Well, we learned from this book that he was MK Ultra while awaiting trial. Now, in case you don't know what MK Ultra is, it's even with all the majority of the documents having been destroyed by the CIA, what was actually left over is so shocking to understand that they were using hypnosis and what they were trying to do was to see if they could create a truth serum. They were trying to see if they could implant ideas into people's mind as another component of it. And they were also trying to see if they could give people a cocktail of drugs that would just make them go crazy so they wouldn't even know what they did.


So If you were Jacob Rubenstein and you were a part of this assassination squad or a part of the day they're planning to kill him and you think that you're in the in crowd and then they wanna turn on you, they can give you a concoction of drugs and they can make you crazy. You won't remember anything. And a person who was leading those experiments was a psychiatrist named Dr. Jolly West. He was a part of this obsession with trying to see whether or not they could give people mental conditions. And so he discovers is that Dr. Jolly West paid Jacob Rubenstein a visit in prison before he was due to see the judge.


I'm just gonna read directly from this book. This is page 3 43, just this one little paragraph. After John F. Kennedy was assassinated in November of 1963, west psychiatrically examined Jack Ruby who had murdered Kennedy's assassin Lee Harvey Oswald, not long before Ruby was due to testify for the war and commission West examined him alone in his jail cell. He emerged to report that Ruby had suffered an acute psychotic break. Sure enough, Ruby's testimony before the commission succeeded only in making him sound unhinged. He could never fully explain why he'd decided to kill Oswald.


Fascinating. A cocktail of drugs that can make people crazy. This kinda makes you think about Britney Spears makes, should think about what Kanye was trying to say they tried to do to him when he was put on a psych 51 50 hold. It just, it opens a lot. Let's stay focused on the Kennedy's 'cause that's what we're here to talk about. RFK JFK's brother certainly had an idea of who have may have killed his brother, and I would say he was not accepting the official storyline that it was just Lee Harvey Oswald. He was also at this time, amassing a ton of political power. Of course, they were a tremendously powerful political family in politics. He was a senator and he was gaining a lot of steam throughout the Democratic presidential primaries in the summer of 1968.


Now you gotta think if you're a deep state and you have just gone through such great lengths to kill the guy who you didn't want to have in office, the guy who didn't want to have nuke, didn't wanna send any weapons over, didn't want the nuclear dimona reactor in Israel. Done. You're trying to block apac, you kill this guy to stop all of that. Then all of a sudden, oh my gosh, he's got a brother and now he's looking like he might become the president. Man, how you, how are you gonna stop that? Right? I'm just saying if, if, how are you gonna stop that? Anyways, so he's cooking through these presidential primaries, those of you that were not alive, like I was not alive during this and he had just won the states of South Dakota and California.


On June 5th, he is addressing his campaign supporters at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. Okay? He concludes his remarks. He exits the stage and the security begins escorting him through the back kitchen when suddenly you're not gonna believe us. It's so perfect. An anti Zionist Palestinian walks up and shoots him and he dies. He's declared dead at the Good Samaritan Hospital the next day, 25 hours later, perfect. That is, oh my gosh, these Palestinians, you just cannot control them. Except that story doesn't appear to be entirely true either.


By the way, not even RFK Jr. We're not a conspiracy land. Not even RFK Jr. Who visited Saron Saron, the person who they say shot him the Palestinian, who they said shot and killed him in prison, RFK Jr. Visited him. He doesn't even believe that story. Okay? This is the Washington Post who killed Bobby Kennedy, his son RFK Jr. Doesn't believe that it was Saron Saron. You would have thought, By the way that we would've all heard about this back in 2016, but we didn't, or at least I didn't unless maybe I was under a rock. But even the people who were present when he was shot testified that Saron Saron didn't kill him, but rather someone from behind RFK shot and killed him.


Okay, take this guy, Paul Schade for example. This is a picture of Paul Schade. In 2016, Paul Schade at the age of 91 years old, appeared at Ron's parole hearing trade was also shot at the Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles. He was there in the back. He got shot by Saron Saron, and yet here he is appearing for him to be released on parole and he apologized for missing Sara's 14 previous parole hearings. He told Sharan at that time, quote, I should have been here long ago and that's why I feel guilty for not being here to help you and to help me after the hearing while Sharan was being taken away.


Schade shouted, Sharan, I am so sorry this is happening to you. It is my fault. I'm sorry, what? You're, you're saying sorry to the guy who shot you and the guy who shot RFK dead. Well, that's not the whole truth. What happened is not the whole truth, what at least what was presented to the public was not If you believe Paul, and here is what he told the parole officers, I'm gonna read you his remarks, which as I said, you would've thought with the mainstream media would've gone, it would, these would've gone viral. But I guess they were busy doing other stuff. Now I'm gonna skimm through this, but we'll start with how he addresses them.


He says, I am Paul Schrade of Los Angeles. I am 91 years old and back when I was 43, I was among six persons shot at the Old Ambassador Hotel in Los Angeles at just after midnight on June 5th, 1968. I was shot along with Senator Robert F. Kennedy, who had just won California's Democratic primary election for the presidency of the United States. Five of us survived our wounds and as history knows, Senator Kennedy was faintly wounded. Sharan Bisra Sharan was originally scheduled for release in 1984, but after intense political pressure, his parole date was rescinded and he has since been denied 14 times.


In order for you to make an accurate determination of Sharan Sara's parole, you need to know my feelings on this case in the full picture of what actually happened. Sir, I forgive you. The evidence clearly shows that you were not the gunman who shot Robert Kennedy. There is clear evidence of a second gunman in that kitchen pantry who shot Robert Kennedy. One of the bullets, the fatal bullet struck Bob in the back of the head. Two bullets struck Bob literally in his back. A fourth bullet struck the back of his coat's upper right seam and passed harmlessly through his coat. I believe all four of those bullets were fired from a second gunman standing behind. Bob, you were never behind Bob, nor was Bob's back ever exposed to you indeed siron.


The evidence not only shows that you did not shoot Robert Kennedy, but it shows that you could not have shot Robert Kennedy several days ago. I made sure that several documents were submitted to this board for you to review. If you have not done so as yet, I would ask you to please review them very carefully during your deliberation. I'll be glad to resubmit these documents to you here today. I believe after you review these documents, that it should become clear to you that Sharan Saron did not shoot and could not have shot Robert Kennedy. What I'm saying to you is that Saron himself was a victim. Obviously there was someone else there in that pantry also firing a gun while Siron was standing in front of Bob Kennedy and his shots were creating a distraction.


The other shooter secretly fired at the Senator from behind and fatally wounded him. Bob died 25 hours later. First I want to show you this. It's a letter written in 2012 by my good friend Robert F. Kennedy Jr. RFK Jr. Bobby wrote this letter to Eric Holder, who was then the Attorney General of the United States. In his letter to Mr. Holder, Bobby requests that the federal authorities examine the Prezinski recording. Say that again. The Prezinski recording, the only known audio recording made of his father's assassination at the Ambassador Hotel. The recording was uncovered in 2004 at the California State Archives by CNN International writer Brad Johnson.


So somehow this recording was basically buried until somebody accidentally discovered it all the way in 2004. The next document is a federal court declaration from audio expert Philip Vaughn Prague, who Johnson recruited to analyze that Prezinski recording in this document, Von Prague declares that his analysis of the recording concludes that two guns were fired in Robert. In the Robert Kennedy shooting. Von Prague found a total of 13 gunshots in the Prezinski recording. Sara's one and only gun at the crime scene held no more than eight bullets and Saron had no opportunity to reload it.


Bon Prague also found what he describes as double shots, meaning two gunshots fired so close together that they could not have both come from Sara's Iver Johnson Cadet Revolver v Prague actually found two sets of these double shots. Additionally, he found that five of the 13 gunshots featured a unique audio residence characteristic that could not have been produced by Sara's gun model. Meaning those five shots were fired from a second gun of a different make. Von Prague further found that those five gunshots were fired in a direction heading away from PKIs microphone. These documents are statements from two witnesses to the Robert Kennedy shooting.


Both of them were assistant Maitre ds for the Ambassador Hotel. These two men, Carl Uecker and Edward Manassian escorted Robert Kennedy to the Kitchen Pantry. Immediately after the senator delivered his victory speech in a hotel ballroom for having won the California primary. Both Uecker and Manassian say that SAR was in front of Bob Kennedy as the senator walked towards Saron, meaning that Bob and Saron were facing each other. Both witnesses say Saron was still in front of Bob as Saron fired his gun and both say that after Saron fired his first two shots, Uecker quickly pushed Sharan against Esteem table, placing Sharan in the headlock while grabbing a hold of Sharon's firing arm, forcing the tip of Sharon's gun to point away from where Bob Kennedy was and causing Saron to fire blindly his remaining six bullets.


In other words, Sharan only had full control of his gun at the beginning when he fired his first two shots, one of which hit me the document is the offic. This document is the official Robert Kennedy autopsy report summary. It shows that all bullets directed at Senator Kennedy were fired from behind him at point blank range as the autopsy states and as these drawings show, the bullets traveled from the back to the front at steep upward trajectories. One bullet struck Senator Kennedy at the back of the head, two bullets at the right rear armpit and a fourth bullet at the right rear shoulder of his jacket, which passed harmlessly through his jacket.


Again, Sharon's bullets could not have struck the back of Bob Kennedy's head or the back of his body or the back of his jacket's right shoulder. These are documents from the LAPD, the Los Angeles Police Department that reveal the LAPD misconduct in the police investigation of the Robert Kennedy murder. They detail evidence that was destroyed while Sir Ron's appeal was still pending as well as a photograph that was acknowledged by the LAPD to be effective rebuttal, but was withheld from the defense team. Indeed the LAPD and the LA County District Attorney knew two hours after the shooting of Senator Kennedy that he was shot by a second gunman and they had conclusive evidence that Saron could not and did not do it.


The official records show the prosecution at Sara's trial never had one witness. They had no physical nor ballistic evidence to prove that Sharan shot Bob Kennedy evidence locked up for 20 years shows that the LAPD destroyed physical evidence and hid ballistic evidence exonerating sharan and covered up conclusive evidence that a second gun man fatally wounded Robert Kennedy. This document is a memo written by criminologist Larry Baguette who investigated the Robert Kennedy shooting for the LAPD. The Baguette memo states that the bullets that hit Senator Kennedy and William Weasel, another shooting victim in the pantry were not fired from the same gun memo also states the bullet that traveled upward through Bob Kennedy's body and into his neck was not fired from Sara's revolver.


Such a finding would be proof that Siron did not shoot Robert Kennedy. He goes on and he wraps it up by saying again, Sharan was not originally scheduled for release in 1984, but after intense political pressure, his parole date was rescinded and he has since been denied 14 times. Again, gentlemen, I believe you should grant Saron Saron parole and I ask you to do that today in the name of Robert F. Kennedy and in the name of Justice. Thank you. That concludes my remarks. Now, for those of us who are a part of the book club and those of us who have read chaos, to hear him speak about the corruption of the LAPD and we have understood that the CIA was involved with the LAPD just by understanding how much the public was lied to about the Manson murders and knowing that all this was happening at the same time.


This book Charles Manson, the CIA in the Secret History of the sixties, it's insane because all of these pieces are just starting to come together and that it makes you wonder who would have if this man is to be be believed. And it's very difficult to believe that a 91-year-old would make all of this up. Why? What would be his reason? He was literally shot by Sharan and is taking a stand in saying that this is ridiculous and that this has become political and that there was corruption and that actually this guy was just supposed to be the person who was blamed. Very similar to what we are learning about the JFK shooting. Get one guy who you're supposed to put the blame on and how did that guy get crazy?


Oh, I'm gonna guess he was probably MK Ultra Sharan. But how perfect the story anti-Zionist Palestinian kills Beloved Kennedy, Kennedy Curse guys. Nah, I'm thinking more like operation every Kennedy operation. Keep tabs on every member of this important political family always and forever. And one way to do that If you wanted to keep tabs on every member of this family would be to render them impotent with drug addiction, sex addictions, fueling their addictions and keeping tabs on them learning what they're doing while they're high.


Right? Again, I am pulling this from everything I have learned about the sixties. Everything that I have learned while looking at all of these case files pertaining to the Kennedys. And curiously enough, you're not gonna believe this, right? Did you know that RFK Junior? Yeah, that RFK Jr. The one running HHS shortly after his father was murdered in 1968 while the MK Ultra program was in full swing offering L-S-D-L-S-D and trying to control people's minds and getting 'em to do things and commit crimes and sexual acts. Well, he very shortly after his father's funeral got offered LSD from strangers.


I'm not kidding. He went onto Sean Ryan's show and he spoke to him about that moment. Take a listen to RFK Junior. Speaking about that, When I was 15 years old, I never even drank coffee and, and I went to a, that summer, the summer after my dad died, I went to a party for an elder brother of a friend of mine. I was hitchhiking home for that party and an older boy picked me up and who I knew but not that well and he offered me some LSD and I had never taken any kind of drug before. I had a trip that was probably 10 hours and I had a great time and I ended up going into town and you know, just having a great time.


But in the a in the, by the morning time I was crashing, I was walking home and, and getting darker and darker three miles from town back to my house. And just before I got to my house, I saw some older boys in the woods and went in there to see what they were doing and I told them I was crashing on the acid and they said, here, try some of this. And I had been telling myself I'm never gonna do this again. Right? And they said try some of this. And it was crystal meth and I took a snort of it and I felt great and that really that incident was the template for my addiction over the next 14 years.


I would love to know what, who exactly those families were, who exactly those boys were, who were applying him with drugs. It would just be interesting to know those facts. Anyways, as I told you on Friday, there have been some extraordinary rumors that have been circulating about RFK Junior and I did not say this because I don't want RFK Jr to be successful in his role. Of course I do. I am the the queen of being anti-vax. I obviously have created an entire series and I've been very clear about the fact that if it was not for his catalog of work, I could not have created my catalog of work. And so he has contributed something for which I believe the entire world owes him tremendous gratitude.


But I have never been under any illusions that RFK Junior was not in some capacity being controlled. That has never, as soon as I saw him with Rabbi Ooi and he couldn't explain why that was. And as soon as I was watching his interviews with Dave Smith and he couldn't explain why he couldn't lodge even one critique of Israel, I got very suspicious Without getting into the gossip elements of what I have learned, what I would kinda instead do is rely on the obvious understanding that he still appears to have issues with impulse control.


I think that's a fair assessment, right? That is best evidence by the fact that despite running for president of the United States and knowing that he would be under intense scrutiny, that all eyes would be on him. He still engaged in a rather high risk behavior when he decided to start a sexting relationship with a mainstream media journalist, Olivia Nazi, who was adversarial to him. Okay? That right there, forgetting what who said what, that right there tells you that he is not fully able to control himself and people who cannot control themselves will find themselves being controlled. Without getting into further details at this moment about what I know and what I have been told, I can tell you that one name that kept coming up is Amarillo Fox.


Now I've never heard of Amar Fox tell you a little about her. She's actually quite extraordinary what she's accomplished in her life. She's a former CIA officer born Amarillo Thornburg. She attracted the CIA's attention when she was really young while she was pursuing her master's degree, when after the September 11th attacks, she created an algorithm to identify local terrorist safe havens. And I'm just gonna read you a couple of more high points from her teenage years, okay? At the age of 18, this is from a Wikipedia. In 1999 at the age of 18, she re secretly recorded an interview for the BBC with the Burmese leader Ong Song Sue then under house arrest.


And in order to arrange the meeting, Fox worked with a local dissident journalist. Okay? We're talking like This is crazy. For 18-year-old with whom she was communicating with via taped messages that were inside the water tank of a toilet at a cafe in Rangoon. Her intent in going overseas in that trip had been to make a secret recording of a planned pro-democracy protest that was supposed to take place on September 9th. Yeah, pro-democracy protest. The CIA an 18-year-old, it's giving color revolution. Okay? Wikipedia goes on to say that Fox became one of the CIA's youngest female officers at age 22 assigned to quote unquote non-official cover, which entailed her living abroad with fake identities and no diplomatic protection.


She has said she assumed the cover of an art dealer and focused on preventing terror organizations from requiring, you guessed it, weapons of mass destruction every time, every time weapons of mass destruction. She ended up marrying another fellow agent named Dean Fox. That's how her name became Agent Fox, who she met while she was undercover in Shanghai. So she had been all over the world undercover, which I always think about, what does that do to your brain when you lie for a living? You lie about who you are for a living. You pretend to be someone that you're not. Anyways, her and Dean Fox eventually got divorced then you're never gonna guess what happened in her life after eight years at the agency.


She left the CIA in 2010, which I always wonder, do you ever just leave the CIA? Is that actually a thing? Can you really get another job after? Do they just let you go in the CIA? What happened to a person when they leave the C Anyways, I'll tell you what happened to her then she went to a Burning Man festival. I know what you're thinking. You're like, whoa, you mean like the Burning Man festival, middle of the desert, a bunch of kids high on LSD, tons of love drugs connecting with one another. Yeah, she went to a Burning Man festival and a mutual friend of hers introduced her to RFK Junior's son, RFK the third.


Yeah. And they just fell in love, which many people do at the Burning Man Festival, I would imagine it's all about love and there it's community. It's like hippie community I would say. And they got married in Cape Cod in 2018 and by 2023 she was working for RFK Juniors, her father-in-law's presidential campaign. Beautiful stuff guys. That's it. I just wanted to tell you a beautiful, beautiful love story. Love that so much. Anyway, she's obviously very smart and capable. I just think it's kind of weird that she would let a guy like Rabbi Schmoley near her father-in-law, right? I mean all that CIA experience and nothing seemed off to her about that connection, that friendship.


Anyways, you guys know me. I am just asking questions. I don't know why, I'm just always just asking questions and we'll continue this. I just think it would be more fun to continue it with Ian Carol and trying to make that happen. And we can kind of tell you guys what are the rumors that are circulating. And again, I wanna inform you guys, this is not because anybody has any ill will towards RFK. Like I said, we were both massively supportive of everything that he is doing and would like to keep him focused on what he should be doing, which is actually going after health issues and our children not declaring pandemics and epidemics over racism and antisemitism.


That's just not what he's in there for. And it's problematic and we have to be serious if we want to take back our country of confronting the initial takeover of our country, which I begin, I believe happened on the day that JFK was shot. We have to have brave conversations. We have to be willing to be called conspiracy theorists. We have to be willing to be attacked nonstop by journalists. We have to be willing to be called anti-Semitic. We have to be willing to be called Adolf Hitler. We have to be willing to be called every name in the book if we are going to save our country. That's my belief in the bottom of my heart. And


If you guys gonna tell you a little about some sponsors, we have one Fatty 15. Do you like the way that sounds? It's pretty simple. Essential nutrients that keep our cells healthy and it it's these essential nutrients that keep us healthy. Studies show that C 15 is one of them and it works by strengthening our cells, improving our mitochondrial functions and protecting us against damaging free radicals. The result better long-term metabolic liver and heart health. Fatty 15 is a science-backed award-winning and pure C 15 supplement. By replenishing ourselves that essential C 15 zero nutrient Fatty 15 effectively repairs ourselves and restores our long term health. Fatty 15 has three times more cellular benefits than Omega-3 or fish oil. This functionality leads to a myriad of exciting benefits now and as we get older. Namely improved metabolic liver and heart health, smoother functioning joint, steeper sleep, and healthier hair, skin and nails. It comes in a reusable glass jar and refill capsules are shipped to your door quarterly in pouches that are made from recycled materials. Fatty 15 is on a mission to replenish your C 15 levels and restore your long term health. You can get an additional 15% off their 90 day subscription starter kit by going to Fatty fifteen.com/ CANDACE and using code CANDACE at checkout. Again, that's Fatty fifteen.com/ Candace and use code CANDACE at checkout.


Also remind you guys about PureTalk because if there are two things in life that are certain it's death and taxes, well now there is a third certainty and that is that If you are with Verizon ATT or T-Mobile, you could be saving a fortune every month by switching to PureTalk PureTalk, which is my cell phone company, is cutting the fat from the wireless industry. Just 25 bucks a month, you can get unlimited talk text and five gigs of data on America's most dependable 5G network. The average family of four saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to PureTalk. That is real money back in your pocket. And with Pure Talks US customer service team, you can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You can even keep your phone and your phone number right now. Just go to PureTalk dot com slash owens to make the switch and you'll save additional 50% off your first month. Again, that's PureTalk dot com slash owens to start saving today. PureTalk Wireless buy Americans for Americans.


All Right guys, now I, I can't wait to get into your comments about all of that. How many of you guys knew about that? I, I have no idea how in 2016 the media did not cover that sensational testimony. But you know, that's what we're here for. That's what the independent media is here for. Speaking of the independent media house in habit, Jessica Reed Kraus dropped a substack. You guys were all pinging me. Have you seen this? You didn't see me all weekend because I turned my phone off on Friday nights and I keep it off all day Saturday and on Sundays I give the day to the Lord and we actually had a cardinal elect in town and all of those things are infinitely more important than online drama. That was getting weird. It was just getting very, very weird.


Anyways, to briefly recap to you, house inhabit is what she goes by. Her name is Jessica Reed Kraus. Obviously she has a newsletter that was, I would say very popular, obviously new to the Maha movements. And she initially dropped the newsletter in which she name checked me, Tucker Carlson, Megan Kelly kind of said everyone was kind of biting her style. Tucker may have been funded by Iran and that I was floundering. I responded to that newsletter totally fairly, did not say anything personal about her attacker. And then she got very personal very quickly with me. I took it in light spirits. She called me a mean girl responding to that newsletter in Antisemites Plus that I was blocked by Trump, which we still have not seen evidence for.


She also made fun of my wedding and then accused me of being a secret pretty princess or something like that. Said I had some secret wealth which still also has not emerged and I'm deeply upset about that. Anyways, the next day I assume she's had a couple of glasses of wine and was gonna wake up in the morning and be like, okay, that was dumb. But she went very gloves off very quickly and began going after her former best friend Denise. I think thinking that Denise had said something to me about her personally, she absolutely and categorically did not, but she went on to her substack and called Denise a bad mom, an alcoholic. And nobody really understood why Denise was being attacked or why they were being told about Denise's personal life and relationships and her children.


And what I can say right away is that when these things happen, it is best to log off, right? People never wanna do that. They always think they can out tweet or outs share and change people's minds just somehow get through it by trying to change the narrative a thousand times. And that is 99% of the time wrong. 99.9% of the time I would say wrong. And so Jessica did that I guess through the weekend and then it culminated into her dropping another substack. And I can tell you right off the bat that it is not being received well and it is causing even more people to unsubscribe people that were waiting for her to kind of just do a Mia Culpa and say, I'm really sorry.


And that's not exactly what they got. I can kind of read you some of these responses. This person wrote my take on house inhabit substack from today as Jessica Reed Kraus addresses in her substack, the drama unfolding from this last week, I'm sorry to say, I'm not comfortable with any of it. I'm one of those people that didn't unfollow her or take a reactive dig at her regardless of how disturbing and belligerent I found her private texts to be that were being publicly circulated online in everyone's IG stories. I even went out on a limb offering her some encouraging advice in the dms to which she responded with an emoji. So I know she at least read it. Generally speaking, I'm rarely preemptive in response even if I start formulating a solid opinion early on, something breaking.


Why? Because I've learned that there's always three sides to any story, sometimes more and not everything is as it seems at face value. The parts I am genuinely uncomfortable with in her substack response article is one she still didn't issue an apology were the persons that she insulted, the ones that were her best friends. Two, she went forward with some clever wording, taking yet another dig categorically a passive aggressive one at Candace Owens. And three, she didn't quite understand what everyone's issue was with her behavior. Chalking it up to the fact that people, mainly women, are ready to tear other women down as they get bigger and more successful. No, my dear, you are absolutely wrong. People lost their trust in you based on information and your actions.


That's the bottom line. In fact, we don't even trust that you wrote your substack reply entirely independently at this point and for good reason. And that's what it all boils down to in this age of truth pursuit that we are all in. There's little room for reconciling BS If you value honesty, sure there's always a lesson to learn in these situations, Jessica, but it's not a lesson that you're going to learn that we now have to bring ourselves to move on from. It's a lesson that you'll hopefully learn from but also learn to live with the grace you are seeking. You have to earn it back. It may take a long time if ever. I thought that was really well said. And so basically in the Substack, which we can pull up Skyler If you want to, it was, you know, just not, like I said, the apology that people we were looking for, she kind of did say that she felt that moms were trying to take her down, which is just, I think so ridiculous.


And this has gotten so far away from just people being able to respond to criticism that you levy in any of your pieces. She does take another dig at me. She refers to me as someone who just talks in front of a camera, which is fine, I don't care. That is like a, I can take a light little bump there, that's totally fine. And then she does seem to still go after Denise while still protecting Olivia, which people found to be very strange. I Olivia Nazi, I just don't know why she's so inclined to protect her and not to protect her friend of 14 years. She said my peace was not a hit job on anyone. I didn't attack Candace Owens, Tucker Carlson or Ian Carroll.


I simply shared my perspective. That just seems very not true. I don't think suggesting that Tucker is an Iran propagandist can register as anything other than an attack. And she also copped to the fact that she didn't vote in the last election, which people found to be extremely problematic as someone who's engaged in politics. And I think that this just kind of wasn't what she should have done at all. And what I can tell you is that I did have a conversation with her because I don't hate her obviously I just don't hate people, I don't like people who plot against my life. And it was very similar to what the Substack was. I gave her free advice. I said Log off the internet.


You know, I think you are now gaslighting your readers. They obviously understand what happened here. They don't understand why you are defending Olivia Nazi while casting shade on your friend of 14 years. I explained to her that you, you know, she has said a lot of things behind the scenes that everybody is hearing spoke about the RFK Junior thing. And I told her that sometimes it is best to focus on your personal life and things that are of true value. And how she came across in those posts when she was talking about her access to the White House, which she's still in, that substack kind of said, Trump doesn't care about this.


Somebody told me he doesn't care about this. Which I don't think was the right tone to hit. What I can tell you is that I did find even more information about how this hit piece came together. And it is shocking that it truly is a case. If you read the text messages between these women about me it, it was like reading text messages or like I logged onto Aim Messenger when I was 12 years old and was reading away messages. It was, it's just a remarkably petty and just not something that I was interested in at all. You know, making fun of me and the way I speak on Theo V, you know, make just making fun of me in general. Like just very strange. And somebody telling her like Canice just trying to be you.


Like definitely another writer in her ear who wasn't even Emily just telling her like look she wants to be you. Like she's copying your reporting from three years ago. It was, it's just really small and it is that I think is she admitted to her credit, she did admit in that conversation that her entire work environment was toxic. That this and that is also something that Emily said that that is the office so to speak, environment, that they're all kind of petty and immature and mean girls and that she said that she was kind of realizing how not normal that was. And I said to her, yeah, not normal at all. Not at all what my team is. I've actually had the same team for five years, four and a half years now.


Same editor, same producer, missing my executive producer 'cause she moved. But same director, same Savannah who went from being my executive assistant to my manager. And I was just trying to kind of tell her that's what's normal. Like healthy relationships, having people on your team who you want to see do well, people that will have your back when you have major life changes like me leaving the Daily Wire and them like sticking with me. And I am just realizing that I think she is a part of that world that we often talk about that kind of trying to foster the Devil Wears Prada and thinking that, you know, access to Anna win and celebrities and politicians and being mean and putting people down is is the culture and it's not the culture.


It's not the culture at all, you know? And hopefully she learns from it. I did pray for her at Mass because I am in a very good habit of praying for people who attack me and do things. And the best part of being and doing bad things is the redemption. I hope she realizes that it's, it's the true redemption. It's really actually saying, I'm not gonna blame Emily. I'm not gonna blame this person or this person. I'm gonna blame myself 'cause this is my substack and I took part in these conversations and I need to own up to that. And when you do those things, you'd be shocked at how the world open up and will open up and forgive you. I just don't think she's there right now. And that's why I think her taking a break is probably the right thing to do because things have gotten incredibly toxic for her. And I will leave that there for now.


I'll leave it at All. Right guys, last word that I wanted to get to, there were people asking me my opinion about these Daily Wire bankruptcy rumors. Okay, so there have been exits at the Daily Wire for sure. First obviously be Jeremy Boring, left the CO CEO and said he's gonna go do some creative stuff and hasn't been heard from since then. The president also resigned, looks like steps down. And this was reported by James Lee, John Lewis out at the Daily Wire. And then over the weekend the big one came when there was, it was announced by James Lee that bent Key Kids had shuttered its doors and also that their PR person, their main PR person, Alyssa, also left or resigned or was fired.


He wrote the implosion at the Daily Wire is accelerating. What started with Jeremy Boring Stepping Down is now spiraled into mass layoffs and another firing of senior executive Alyssa Cordova, the vice President of Public Relations. Here are all the juicy details. The Daily Wire just fired Alyssa Cordova, the VP of Public Relations. And according to sources, Alyssa Cordova was Jeremy's minion. One who was responsible for crafting the company's aggressive and paranoid media strategy. Cordova allegedly stalked former employees online, kept folders of clipped videos of their enemies, helped wage internal vendettas under the guise of PR one source. The disaster of their PR strategy over the last year was cooked up between Jeremy and Alyssa.


End quote. Then he goes on for mass layoffs. The Daily Wire is also shuttering its kids division entirely roughly a quarter of the company. And internally people are furious. One source put it bluntly, if they let Jeremy go a long time ago, many people would still have jobs today. Everyone knows it. And this kind of started the, is the Daily Wire going bankrupt Rumors then to add some clarity to the situation, a journalist named Will Soer who used to work for the Daily Beast now works or is the CEO or something of Bulwark Bulwark confirmed, he got a statement from the Daily Wire and he said Ben Shapiro's Daily Wire has been hit by layoffs just a few weeks after CEO, Jeremy Boring who was trying to become a sort of conservative media entertainment mogul stepped down Daily Wire spokesman tells me, quote, as part of our ongoing plan to better align resources with business priorities and growth areas, the Daily Wire has made the decision to streamline and in some cases reduce some of our workforce.


This decision was based on business needs and operational efficiencies. We are deeply grateful to our impacted employees for their contributions and are providing them with severance and career transition support. Our focus remains on delivering the highest quality content and experiences to our subscribers while ensuring the long-term success of our business. End quote. And then Alyssa came and said that she was not fired, that she left voluntarily. Oh wow, this blew up. However, it's fake news. I resigned last Thursday voluntarily, but not with the drama that you've been led to. Believe. I love Daily Wire, Jeremy, Ben, and Caleb and will still be working with the company as a consultant. The four years I spent at DW were some of the most rewarding of my life.


I am will remain a fan and supporter and know they will keep doing great things. You dorks need to stop watching so many TikTok conspiracies. I was actually triggered when I saw that because like the one person that I can take it to the bank is a terrible human being is Alyssa Cordova. And I, I mean the stories and I I, I responded and I was like, okay. Like no, they made a fantastic decision whether she resigned, was fired. This person, it, it is fantastic that she's no longer there. And the way that I'm reading the situation, listen, you can cheer all you want at like the Benke Kids division, close closing. But I think a lot of times when you think of companies who think of individuals and how you feel about them, there are the workers at the Daily Wire are people just like you and me, who probably were huge can Owens fans who probably even listen, they probably are listening to the Canne Owens podcast right now.


And it sucks when there is a company image, maybe one that was spun by Jeremy Boring, that leads to people celebrating them being without jobs. So just remember that when, if you're applauding that there are real people that worked in that division, I don't think the bankruptcy rumors are true. I don't think that that would've been, if they saw, if they were under any financial pressure, they would've restructured and they would've cut the fat. And I think that it's much more likely a restructuring. And that by the way, is the right thing to do. You don't want to go bankrupt. So you get people in and you restructure and you get rid of things that aren't working and you get rid of personnel that are not working. And Alyssa Cordova is a, I mean a special human being.


And I say this and I, like I said on Twitter, I said, you'll be hard pressed to find a current person at the Daily Wire or a former person of Daily Wire who will come out and say that she was well loved. I find her to be remarkably toxic and I feel amazing that I can say that because she's no longer personnel at the Daily Wire. And So I think these moves are good. I think it is probably like a dark cloud being lifted. You know, a company can't, it just can't survive if there are people who are working against the company within it. And I would say that, Alyssa, good riddance, please, if you're thinking about hiring her, please call me and allow me to give you the ultimate recommendation on the things that she has done to people.


And I, I say this because you guys know how I am when people mess with my family and I consider her someone who personally messed with my personal relationships. So I'm just gonna leave it at that. I think it's likely a restructuring. And that is all I'm gonna say about that topic before I get to all of your comments.


All right, mind you, about Seven Weeks Coffee. Seven Weeks Coffee is America's pro-life coffee company. They're on a mission to fund the pro-life movement, one cup of coffee at a time. They're called seven weeks because at seven weeks a baby is the size of a coffee bean. And it's the same time a heartbeat is clearly detected on an ultrasound. That's why they donate 10% of every sale to support pregnancy care centers across the country. They've raised over $800,000 for these centers and they've saved thousands of lives. And I can tell you the coffee is fantastic. It's mold-free, pesticide free, shade grown, low acid, and organically farmed. So it checks all the boxes. And right now, when you subscribe a Seven Weeks Coffee, you'll receive a free limited edition Lent Tote designed to be a daily reminder to pray fast and drink Seven Weeks Coffee during this lenton season. So go to Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and save at 15% forever when you subscribe. Plus exclusively for my listeners, use code Candace for an extra 10% off your first order. That's a 25% total savings on your first order plus your free gift. So visit Seven Weeks Coffee dot com and use promote code CANDACE.


And of course, I don't know your exact financial situation, but If you are like thousands of homeowners that American Financing speaks to every month, and you might be struggling to keep up, barely making ends meet drowning in high interest debt, and it is completely not your fault because life did in fact get more expensive inflation hit America hard. If you're still carrying credit card balances with 20% plus interest rates while your mortgage is sitting untouched and you are ignoring the one thing that could turn to all around, which is your home, and this is where American Financing can help. Would you trade 10 minutes of your time for a shout at saving an average of $800 every single month? Because that is exactly what homeowners are doing when they call American Financing. A simple no obligation call could change everything. They have a team of salary based mortgage consultants, so there isn't any incentive to put you into a loan that does not make any sense for you. And there are no upfront fees to find out how much you could be saving. So don't wait. Talk to American Financing today and start feeling that relief. Call 807 9 5 12 10. That's 807 9 5 12 10 or visit American Financing dot net slash owens. That's American Financing dot net slash Owens.


Okay, let's see what you guys are thinking bu getting into the comment section. We have beefy Bitcoin. It says the amount of your neck that you stick out to show us the truth is astonishing. I pray for you at least three to four times a week when I remember you'll probably never get the credit you deserve because you go against the machine. But tens of thousands of Americans do know. You know what, that's, I'm not in it for credit. I really am not. I, I think about the fact that I'll be gone from this world and my children will inherit my cowardice if it's cowardice or my strength, if it's strength. And I really do believe that we are, we have been on the brink of a global awakening. And it is, it's individuals, it's it people that are independent minded, people that can't be bought by corporations that are helping to catalyze that.


And I learned so much from you guys. And like I tell you guys, I am also stubborn like my granddaddy. So blame him. Inspector writes Super Mob by Gus Russo explains the blending of the Italian and Jewish mafia and the early infiltration of government. I did know about that. I actually did read about that. They like collaborate with each other in New York and then out in la And By the way, the Kennedy's, you know Joe Kennedy, we'll get to that in Hollywood. Babylon, the second book that we're reading in the book club. Book club meets tomorrow, by the way. 'cause I was sick last week. But yeah, they were involved in some stuff. You know, you gotta get into learning how, how Hollywood was established.


Amir, hello Amir. My sister loves you. My sisters, both of my sisters love you. They watch your content. He writes, Candace is the big sister that we've always wanted. Thank you so much. You're so sweet and, and thanks for always having my back. I see you talking about me and tagging me and stuff. Mid runner, mid runner says we need a collapse show. Candace and Ian Carroll and James Lee called receipts. That would be so fun. I've actually never met Ian Carroll. I learned about him because he knew more about my life than I did at a certain point, which is kind of amazing. He, these two, James Lee and Ian Carroll definitely have sources and I don't know how, but they, you know, even if they, if they get it wrong, they correct it. And I just love independent journalism. So I'm a fan. Misty writes, burning Man used to be the artsy New Ages now it's become a disgusting drug fuel.


Hedonistic orgy. Yes. I used to live in Reno. The festival brought in the insane. Yep, absolutely. It's all about orgies drugs. I would imagine there's some cameras there because it's a lot of rich kids that go to that festival and do that kind of stuff. Bitsy Fiorino writes, stay strong Candace and keep spreading Christ's truth. Christ is king. Yes. I actually just saw it before I went live that Rabbi Al's daughter did a whole thing about like Catholics being problematic and you guessed it, antisemitic. I'm like, I would maybe stay away from the Catholic because I feel like we're like super gang gang this year, you know? And it's on the rise and it's lent season so your attacks, it can't enter.


I'm sorry sweetheart. You, you shall not pass. Lilia. Lilia Resto writes, it's my birthday. 1989 was a great year and I'm excited to add, make him a sandwich to my Candace library. I have collected all of Candace's recommendations, which keep me inspired. Christ is king. Oh, amazing. Happy birthday. Oh, 1989 I guess is your birthday, which means we have very close birthdays. My birthday is next month or tomorrow. Tomorrow is April. Today's April. Tomorrow's April. Yeah, April. My birthday's in April. So I'm just behind you. Adele writes, you have the entire Arab world behind you, Candace. Thank you. Thank you. The world is learning, which is amazing 'cause I've never been, I, I literally have never been to the Arab world and I need to make a trip out there because I just, I just feel like I know nothing but what I've learned in school.


And like I've said, I've fully admitted to the fact that I was, what you call it, Islamophobic for sure. Without question for a long time. My life now, I just hate liars. Doesn't matter. And it turns out that they come in all shapes and races and from all different countries and they're failing a lot this year. Snack rights. Can we get a prayer at the end of the show, please? I'm, I'm not gonna pray. I want you guys to pray for me at the end of the show, please. At the end of every show. And yeah, I always say it is just the prayers that are keeping me safe and people always ask what they can do. Like obviously you can support the show, obviously you can go on our website, buy a cap, do whatever and all that stuff works. But the most important thing that you can do is just pray. Because I think that is the only thing keeping me safe at this point with the collective cancellations and articles every day and attacks on my family.


And I was saying to my husband this weekend, I'm like, I don't know how we made it out of all that unscathed. And I think it's because my grandfather was just steadfast in prayer when I didn't deserve it. You know, like when I was like the way of the world and just not a good person. My grandfather and my grandmother just every single day, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray, pray. And I feel like they just like the love of that. And because they prayed over me, it gave me protection to get through last year. And now like some people in the world are praying for me and praying for the show and praying for our team. And that's what I think is now working. So keep the prayers up reminding you one more time that we had the book club tomorrow. So you guys head to Candace Owens dot com If you have not joined it.


I did get a little bit ahead of our US today. I gave them a little bit of a sample, but talking about that JFK piece is super compo is gonna be super compelling. We're just now getting into the CIA portion and I'm kind of glad that I, I got sick only because now it's even more fitting with all of this talk of RFK and what's going on and what's going on with Trump. And yeah, there's a lot to get into. We gotta talk about Trump and all of these weird anti-Semitism laws and speech laws that seem to be coming right now. It's not good. We'll get into all of that tomorrow. And of course guys, get your anti-feminist Merch. 'cause I was an anti-feminist before. It was cool. Okay, before it was cool. It still might not be cool to some people, but it's cool to me. You know, I don't like feminism, I don't like chauvinism.


You know, I just like the facts. The facts sometimes are pro male and the facts sometimes are pro female. Anyways, you guys will see you tomorrow.