
This is the way it feels to move through summer in Lululemon. Iconic aligns softness without the front seam for our smoothest look and feel ever summer won't know what hit it. Stretcher limits in the nonstop flexibility of the new Lululemon. A line no line pant in select stores and@lululemon.com.


Alright, you guys, happy Wednesday. Let's get straight into it. I mean, I'm always kind of straight into it. I gotta tell you yesterday's episode, they're really mad at me. The XO bots are really mad at me. How could I be so humane? How can I be so humane and say that I don't want war? Which is the reason that Ted Cruz and Tucker Carlson are warring at this moment. We have clips from that debate. But first, I have a confession to make. I am so bored with ash cheeks on the internet. Genuinely, it's beginning to put me to sleep. Like first it was this cultural phenomenon, the apocalypse. It was very shocking. Women, the boobs out demanding justice for their nipples. Then it became kind of interesting why people were committing their lives to this.


And now I'm very bored and I wanna talk about Sabrina Carpenter at the top of the show and her new album cover and why it's actually significant to a larger war that's happening against women. Plus, we will get into, I I have to cover Meghan Markle, that really very bizarre twerking video. Let's talk about all of it jumping right now. All right, you guys. So I was telling you I had so many stories while I was on maternity leave that I, I wanted to cover and I was keeping this running list on my phone.


And some of the stories are cultural, some of the stories are political. So I just very quickly want to start with this Sabrina Carpenter viral album. And I promise you I have something very important to say about this. This is not just a, a poppy topic, it's significant. So in case you're like me and you have no idea who Sabrina Carpenter is, this is an artist, is, her name is Sabrina Carpenter, and she's very popular with the young crowd. She is, according to my producers who had to do this whole dive for me this morning, 26 years old, a former Disney Channel actress, which I, I, the writing's on the wall there, right? If you come from Disney for whatever reason, you gotta have your butt cheeks out once you're out of Disney. But I want to say, I'm not trying to disrespect her whatsoever.


I legitimately do not know who this woman is. I don't know a single one of her songs. I had to have my producers pull them this morning. And that's not because me, she's not marketable. Clearly she is. I'm just getting to the age where it's me. You know, the music just doesn't sound good to me anymore. Okay? It just doesn't sound good. The voices don't sound good. The sound is not nice. I, So I, I sound like a grandma. Maybe I am. All of it is weird. And Poppy and I grew up listening to Laury Hill, right? Real vocals. Grew up listening to Whitney Houston. And you just have to admit that there is a quali qualitative difference between the music of yesterday and the music of today. Just to very quickly give you a sample of that, here is Whitney Houston, stripped down to just her vocals.


Take a listen. Just incredible. Just reminding you that that's what music used to sound like. And now we fast forward and we have Sabrina Carpenter, and we also wanted to pull just her vocals. And she does have backup, even though she says this is acapella, but this is Sabrina Carpenter's sound today. Whatever devil's inside you, don't let 'em out tonight. I tell them it's just your culture and everyone rolls their eyes.


Yeah, no. So it's just not for me. Like I feel like I could do that. It's like talking a lot. I can't mimic Whitney Houston. Anyway, Sabrina Carpenter, no insult again to her. If, if there's a, a buyer and you are a seller, whatever, it's the free markets. She has had a lot of brushes with the media because she has this extremely sexual brand, right? And like I said, it's a rite of passage for Disney people. Miley Cyrus, Christina Aguilera, they get all grown up and suddenly you wanna take their clothes off. And Sabrina is one of these individuals, despite being 26 years old, it's not like she's in her early twenties coming outta Disney, but she's 26 and she feels that she needs to crank up the controversy.


Like it's not enough to just be sexually explicit. Here she is on the cover of Rolling Stone. Her music is very sexually explicit, as I'm told by my producers. But now she's releasing her latest album cover. And I wanna show you guys this. The album is entitled Man's Best Friend. Take a look at this album. Now, in case you're listening to this just on audio, take a look at this. It's, she's, she's bent down on all fours, seems she's got her left hand touching a, a guy's knee. She's basically a dog. And so she's a dog standing before a man in a skimpy dress and high heels dress hiked up so that it's just under her booty cheeks or skirt hiked up and he's pulling her hair, right?


So this is, this is meant to be sexually explicit. And she drops this on her Instagram. My new album, man's Best Friend Get It. I look like a dog. And he's pulling, my hair is out on August 29th, 2025. And there was a bit of an uproar about this, a lot of an uproar about this on the internet when I was on maternity leave. And First and foremost, people going, oh my gosh, this is, this is so controversial. Couple of things that I wanna say right off the bat. This is not controversial. This is not even remotely controversial. We have reached peak saturation on the matter of boobs and ass on the internet. Like, like we, I am so bored with this. And I actually think that if she wanted to be controversial, she'd have kept her clothes on, gotten married, and have some kids on the cover of her album.


Like if she just had a nice family shot, then people would go, oh my gosh, what is she doing? By the way, that is exactly what happened to Hannah Neman ballerina farm. She just was being normal and, and had a family life on the internet on Instagram and was baking bread. And people came after her. They were like, how dare she do this? And that made sense to me because the culture has gone so extreme in the pornographic area that when someone keeps their clothes on, it can be quite shocking. I am factually so desensitized, desensitized to pornography or soft porn on the internet that if Sabrina Carpenter crawled into this room right now on all fours half naked, I I, I don't even think I would gas. I would probably ask her how she got into the house and ask if one of the kids left the door unlocked.


But I wouldn't be shocked. Okay? Second thing that I wanna say here, which is way more important, is something that me and Ian Carol touched on at the end of Monday's episode. And it's trying to get to the why of this, because I had too, probably too much time I think when I was on maternity leave. But I started thinking about the pop music that I got into when I was in middle school, and I was kind of horrified when I went back and I watched and listened to some of those old videos. Christina Aguilera, wonderfully talented, does not need based on her vocals to be taking her clothes off for attention. But she dropped an a like her first album, I was obsessed with it, and she was 17 years old and the song was Genie in a Bottle.


And when I go listen to those lyrics now, and I think about the fact that I was in middle school and she's speaking frankly about a guy that she wants to sleep with and, and saying, you gotta rub me the right way. I'm a genie in a bot bottle, baby. You gotta rub me the right way. And she was doing this, she was recording this. She was 16 years old. Yeah, it, it gets quite dark. You, you start to go, what is the why of this? Why do we routinely have these young women that come out and they're given these songs and some of them varying degrees of talent are all just naked all the time. And what me and Ian Carol touched upon, and this has been on my heart heavily, especially over the last couple of years, you know, I am just turned 36 actually in April of this year.


And I'm in the, the baby making ages where everyone is trying to get pregnant. People are having children, but the struggle to get pregnant is something that is stunning, right? And I wanted to make sure that I used my platform when I got back to say this to you, because there are so many wonderful people that I'm friends with, people that are in my family that are struggling to have just one child. And it's not because of their age, it's not because of their health. I'm talking about people that are in their twenties. It's because of something else. And I know that I lean towards conspiracy, I guess people say I'm a conspiracy theorist. I think I just follow the facts and factually speaking, based on the research that I have done and what I'm learning about our history, this is not by accident that so many women are struggling to be able to have one child.


There is very much a, a long running war on your fertility. And I just wanna make sure that young women have the opportunity to wake up to that. Because I know a lot of women as they get into their thirties and we start to have these conversations regret how they viewed their fertility when they were younger. Like there was something wrong with you. Like a lot of women growing up. And I'm, I put myself in this crowd, by the way, So I'm not, I'm not being sanctimonious here. You guys know where I was. I was left-leaning. I would've said I was a feminist. I would've said, you know, women need to take birth control because it frees them. And that is because we are having our minds poisoned. There's a war on fertility, there's a war on family.


And that's very real. That messaging is not by accident, right? You could use the example of the COVID vaccine, which we instantly knew it was impacting women's menstruation, which means it's impacting her fertility. But big pharma didn't admit to that for eight months, they allowed women to be gaslit. They allowed women to roll up their sleeves and get this vaccine. They knew women were having miscarriages because of this. And they wouldn't admit that until way later, until for some women it was just too late. And because I've done a series for those of you that are signed up to Candace Owens dot com, we are getting into birth control. And I did an entire deep dive on all of the, just the history of birth control. I want you to know that it's not by accident.


They knew when they were testing these products on women that were in asylums, that the goal was to make them infertile. The things that are on these Pam flips when you look into them, these inserts for birth control explicitly say, this can give you cancer. This may cause infertility, this may do this, this may do that. And that's not how it's being marketed to young women. Your brain is not developed when you're young. You think you're gonna live forever. You think everybody else is so old. You're looking at Candace doesn't know who Sabrina Carpenter is. She's so not hip, fair, fair, all of that is hip. You are not considering the adult that you are going to be down the line. And the reality is, is that culture has been warping our minds to believe that promiscuity is the norm, right?


That you can have abortion, you could have tons of abortions. You get to decide like you are cursed with fertility. Like fertility is a curse. Which by the way is the opposite of what every society throughout human history thought about fertility before. Now they, they had, even in pagan societies, they had fertility goddesses. It was always considered a gift. And then we fast forward to now, we fast forward to modern times and suddenly women are believing that it's a curse that you can have a baby and you're trying to stop it and you're putting all these pills in your mouth. You don't know what happens when you take them. But I don't know, maybe the doctor told you to take birth control because you had to get rid of a pimple. Because that's, that's how, that's when I woke up and was like, this is kind of weird.


Every time I go to the doctor, they're trying to get me on birth control. And so it makes you feel like I shouldn't take it. They'll be like, I have a headache birth control, I have a pimple birth control. My menstruation cycle's not normal birth control. And I want you to all begin to see the conspiracy and that especially 'cause I know there are so many young women that watch this podcast, that there is very much a war on your fertility and marketing, this sort of promiscuity to you as some sort of form of freedom. I mean, Sabrina Carpenter, you're supposed to look at this and say, wow, she is so brave and stunning and strong and sure of herself And so in control that she's on her knees acting like a dog, being sexually suggestive to men calling herself a man's best friend.


Like, this is feminism. This is modern feminism and we should celebrate this. We don't need to attack the person. I just want you to know that's a lie that, and she is not even aware of the fact that that's a lie because she has people around her in Hollywood that are telling her that this is what, this is what they want. People want sexy red, they want you always with your clothes off. We don't get to have people that were just talented anymore. Women, you're not enough unless you're taking your clothes off and you're supposed to feel like that's empowering. It's not. And So I want you guys to, I, I just had it in my heart to say that First and foremost to women to know that when you start to realize these things and when you start to reflect and say maybe what Candace was saying was not so crazy, maybe the fact that we're constantly being told that we're at war with the natural order of things, like what your body does naturally is problematic, right?


That's what we're basically told in school. And here are pills that can fix it. You will one day reflect on it and and realize that they have been convincing you to slowly poison yourself for a very long time. And so Sabrina Carpenter in selling promiscuity knows and or doesn't know rather, but the people around her know that promiscuity, well you can sleep, have many partners and do stuff for men. Now there's birth control and that's gonna be fine If you get pregnant, you can get, have an abortion. And also, by the way, if she comes out of that and she wants to get married, well If you have a lot of partners, actually you do reduce your value on either side of the aisle. And that's not just conservative talk, that's common sense. Men want to feel that they have won something and if they know that you are available to a lot of other men, they don't necessarily feel that.


And you may not agree with me, my politics, I get it, I'm a conservative. But I had to say that because to watch people go through the struggle of having children and hearing so many people express regrets over, you know, what's in our food, what medicine we're taking, what they believed when they were younger, I feel that if I have a platform I need to to speak against it. And so that's just pretty much all I wanted to say about that. Before we get into, not the war on our fertility, but the war between Tucker Carlson and Ted Cruz.


First I wanna remind you guys about Gold Co because you may have heard that Ron DeSantis signed a bill that would recognize gold and silver as legal tender in the state of Florida, exempting them from sales tax. Yeah, that is a law that is set to take effect on July 1st, 2026 pending ratification by the state legislature. Now why did they do this? Well, governor DeSantis explained it by saying quote, this is our ability to give you the financial freedom to be able to protect yourself against the declining value of a dollar end quote. I guess all that inflation and skyrocketing national debt. Not to mention the recent credit downgrade for the US may have opened his eyes. This is exactly why I've partnered with the Precious Metals company myself. The writing has been on the wall for a long time now. If you wanna learn more about how gold and silver can help you protect your money, reach out to my partners at Goldco. They are a great company that I trust and they've helped me out tremendously. Just visit Candace likes gold.com to get a free 2025 gold and silver kit and you'll also learn about their unlimited bonus silver offer. Again, go to Candace like gold.com. Candace likes gold.com.


Okay, the great debate that is taking place on the internet right now. First and foremost, before we even saw the full debate, which Tucker Carlson really just dropped. It was just a clip that was making the rounds now, which made you recognize they were about to go out at, about Iran and war. And we have this divide that is happening within the MAGA movement, If you will. Now, I wanna say this at the top. I like Ted Cruz. I have met him. So me attacking his ideas is not me attacking the man. He's very, he's very kind. And Tucker Carlson, him have obviously landed on opposite sides of this thing. Both of them have been kind to me in the past. So Tucker essentially is, is pressing Ted Cruz in this initial clip about what he even knows about Iran, given the fact that he believes that American troops should, could and maybe already are going to war or getting in involved in Middle Eastern conflict again at the behest of Israel.


I'll let you listen to that clip yourself. How many people live in, around, by the way? I I don't know the population at all. No, I don't know the population. You don't know the population of the country you seek to topple? I how many people living around 92 million. Okay. Yeah, I I How could you not know that? I, I don't sit around memorizing population tables. Well, it's kind of relevant because you're calling for the overthrow of the government. Why is it relevant? Whether it's, well because it's 90 million or 80 million or a hundred million. What? Why is that Relevant? Well, 'cause If you don't know anything about the country, I didn't say I don't know anything about that. Okay, what's the Ethnic mix of Iran? They are Persians and percent predominantly Shia. Okay? This is, No, it's not even, you don't know anything about Iran.


So Actually country, not the, the Tucker Carlson who expert on a ranch, you're a senator Who's calling for the overthrow of the government. You're the one who Don't dunno anything about the country. No. You don't know anything about the country. You're the one who claims they're not trying to murder Donald Trump. You're the, I'm not saying that. Who can't figure out it was a good idea to kill General Soleimani and said it was Bad. You don't believe they're trying to murder Trump? Yes I do. 'cause you're not calling for military strikes against them in retaliation. If you really believe That we're carrying out military strikes today. You said Israel was Right with our help. I said we, Israel is leading them, but we're supporting them. Well this, You're breaking news here because the US government last night denied the National Security Council spokesman Alex Pfeiffer denied on behalf of Trump that we were acting on Israel's behalf in any offensive capacity at all.


No, we're not bombing then Israel's bombing then you just said we were, we are supporting Israel israelism, this's high stakes. You're a senator. If you're saying the United States government is a now we're worth Iran right now. People are listening. Hey. Okay. So a lot happening there. I wanna first respond to the earlier portion where he's just asking him some basic facts about Iran. Now, typically, if you're gonna talk about a debate that you're involved in, some things could not matter. Like if I said, I don't think that Israel has a right to just keep murdering Palestinians. And someone said, well how many Palestinians were alive in 1994? It would be irrelevant murder's wrong murder is always wrong. So it's a, a perfectly acceptable position to have. But this is not that.


Right? And the reason why this matters is because Ted Cruz has power. Ted Cruz can vote and he is making it very clear via his tweets that he believes that America should get involved if this escalates to a world war. He believes that America needs to get involved in this conflict. So that's very serious. He has the power he to represent himself in a vote that could determine that your sons, my sons, your brothers, our brothers, sons, cousins, whatever it is, could get drafted into this conflict, right? So when you hold that much power, it is incumbent upon you If you are going to represent the American people that we need to get involved in this conflict, it is incumbent upon you to also run through the estimation of whether or not we can win this conflict.


It's one thing to say, do we have a right to be involved? And his he believes, yes, we we should get involved in Israel's drama. And the reason that he believes that, by the way, is Tucker Carlson has been lobbied by apac, I mean, sorry, not Tucker Carlson. Ted Cruz accepts money from the APAC lobby like many of our politicians do. And he accepts a lot of money. He has accepted almost $2 million from apac despite the fact that his salary as a senator is about $170,000 annually. He also, on top of that, accepts money from lobbyists. That's how they, that's the reason why they don't wanna leave DC 'cause they're making a lot of money via various lobbies. And so he has accepted almost $2 million from the American Israel pac.


And I believe that that's potentially what's guiding his decision. And I'm assuming that Tucker Carlson does as well because it's clearly he's not being motivated by an idea that he thinks we can win. He doesn't say that he doesn't, he he would have to reasonably go, okay, and not only that, but the population's 90 million. Here's what we've got. He hasn't done any of those assessments. He just knows that we have to defend Israel. And yeah, you should absolutely have a ballpark estimation of the population size, right? If I said, let's go to war with China, I know China's got like 1.7 billion people and I'm gonna run and go, mm, maybe we shouldn't go to war with China because that's a lot of people. He doesn't know the answer to that. So that's problematic. And so when they're getting into this discussion, you, you have to wonder what is motivating it aside from if he's going to represent that it's something more than just his APAC dollars, which he's pretending that he just believes that we should be involved.


And this is when he gets to explaining that he believes there is a theological basis for us to be married to Israel's foreign policy. Take a listen. Growing up in Sunday school, I was taught from the Bible, those who bless Israel will be blessed and those who curse Israel will be cursed. And from my perspective, I wanna be on the blessing side of things of The go. Those who bless the government of Israel, Those who bless Israel, is what it says. It doesn't say the government of it says the nation of Israel. So that's in the Bible. As a Christian, I believe that. Where is that? I I can find it to you. I I don't have the, the, the scripture off the tip of my, you, you pull out the phone and use the, It's in j it's in Genesis.


But so you're quoting a, a Bible phrase. You don't have context for it and you don't know where in the Bible it is. But that's like your theology. I'm confused. What does that even mean? Tucker? I'm a Christian. I want to know what you're talking about. Hey, Where does, where does my support for Israel come from? Number one, because biblically we are commanded to support Israel. But number two, Hold on. No on, hold on. You're a senator and now you're throwing out theology. And I'm a Christian, I am allowed to weigh in on this. We are commanded as Christians support the government of Israel. We are commanded to support Israel. And we're told what does that Mean? Israel? We're told those who bless Israel will be blessed. But, but what, hold on, define Israel. This is important. Are you kidding? I, this this is a majority Christian country Define Israel.


Could do you not know what Israel is? I that would be the country you've asked like 49 questions about. So that's What Genesis ref, that's what God is talking about The nation of Israel. Yes. And he's so is that the current borders, the current leadership, he's talking about the political entity called Israel. He, he's talking about the nation of Israel, yet nations exists and he's discussing a nation, A nation was the people of Israel is the nation, they're the Senate. Is the neighbor God referring to in Genesis, is that the same as the country run by Benjamin Netanyahu right now? Yes. Yes it is. And I'm really happy he said that because when you hear it, you realize how ridiculous it sounds. Even if you're not following a theology, If you don't identify as a Christian, you realize that you have a senator that is sitting across saying that his number one reason, he didn't say, one of the reasons said my number one reason that I support Israel is because the Bible commands me to do so.


And just so you know, the Bible does not command, and this is what Tucker Carlson is getting to in that clip. It absolutely does not command you to support the modern state of Israel. The genesis is, is pointing to the modern 1948 created state of Israel. And and you must support it despite the fact that it is very much involved in what can only be described as demonic behavior since its creation. Right? And so you're gonna ignore every other biblical passage. You're gonna misinterpret this one. It's a, a dispensationalist heresy dispensationalist heresy, which was factually funded by the world Zionist Congress.


And we can do another episode on that. As I present to you guys all of the evidence that what it guided the notations, this really stems from the Schofield Bible, the heresy of the Schofield Bible. Schofield himself was an absolute fraud who got funded and was overseas and alleges that he wrote all of these notes in the Bible and is telling people how to read their bibles the first time that notations were put underneath the passages. So this is what Genesis says and this is what it means. And this is how this heresy arrived in America. Then somehow this guy is able to, it becomes the most printed book and Oxford Press gets behind it because like a random pastor, you get, you get the idea here. It was very much a funded effort to have Christians misunderstand the Bible.


And Ted Cruz is one of these Christians. And so he says this, his number one reason that he supports what they're doing, so he is, is willing to support the criminality of Benjamin Netanyahu because he's just in the land of Israel. Let's see, saying it's, it's a nation state of Israel by that argument. If suddenly the current Israelis in Israel all left and we put in a bunch of Iranians, then he would say the same thing. 'cause it's a place, right? So Ted Cruz would say, my Bible commands me, I will be blessed. I bless those who bless Israel. He's talking about a place, a physical place. And anybody could be in there and he would back it. It's an absolute nonsense for him to suggest this. And like I said, it's also a theological disaster and it's so important for people to learn the history, the true history of the Schofield Bible and this sort of modern dispensationalist belief, which has been so toxic to our foreign policy and has been pushed in large part, it's, it's even the hyphening of Judeo-Christian values.


I'm a Christian, I am not, I am I, I'm not Jewish. I am a Christian. My values are Christian. And frankly it, you should believe that a country which has involved itself as Israel has in black male, in murder, in bombing children, in murdering and and starving women and children to get what it wants. The deception. And I mean you could talk about it on a widespread level, you could talk about it on a historical level, you could talk about it on a molecular or a personal level. It it is like a requirement to support Zionism. You just have to lie. You have to lie like all the time. I mean they are just every day pushing this idea that I'm funded by Qatar, not a shred of proof.


It's completely false, it is untrue. And they say it every day because they have no other arguments. All they have to do is keep hoping that people like Senator Ted Cruz, if especially if they're being funded by apac, will completely misinterpret the, the genesis and believe that no matter what they have to support the policies of BB net and Yahoo, which not even the Israelis support, right? They don't even support him. They're protesting against him in wartime. So that's that's very, it should terrify you, frankly. It should terrify you. It's also ironic that we are told that Iran, they can have nukes because they're a bunch of rabid fundamentalists, right? Religious fanatics.


And at the same time you are saying that Israel doesn't have to abide by international law. They don't have to even speak or acknowledge the fact that they have nukes. It's okay that they stole that from America. They stole weapons from America. It's okay that Jeffrey Epstein is running a blackmail ring on our politicians. A sexual black was running a sexual blackmail ring via the Mossad. It's okay. And they don't have to answer questions about JFK and Jack Ruby, otherwise known as Jacob Rubenstein and his involvement. We just have to accept that whatever they do, no matter how toxic and horrible and demonic it is, it's perfectly acceptable because God is going to bless you If you bless this land.


Yeah. God wanted you to leave us with a 1948 real estate problem. It's, it's completely, it's completely ridiculous for them to be making this argument. And so when you see them go at it and there's more clips that are coming out and, and do you have, there's also one more clip, you know that eventually Ted Cruz and I did not even see this until a couple of minutes ago. You know, eventually Ted Cruz is just gonna go where the Zionists go, which is okay, I don't have an argument anymore. But now I have to imply that you're Antisemitic If you don't support BB net and Yahoo, right? This intentional conflation of Israel, the foreign nation with the Jews. And lo and behold he does it take a listen, It's a very weird thing, the obsession with Israel when we're talking about foreign countries.


It's Hardly An obsession. You're not talking about Chinese, you're not talking about Japanese, you're not talking about the Brit, you're not talking about the French. The question, what about the Jews? What about the Jews? Tell now, Senator, You're asking the questions Tucker, you told me you told, you're asking why are the Jews controlling our foreign policy Senator? That's what you just asked Senator. I'm hardly saying that and I have many That is Exactly what you just said. Well Actually I can speak for myself good. And tell you what I am saying. Good on behalf, not simply of myself, but on my many Jewish friends who would have the same questions, which is to what extent, and I, it's interesting you're trying to derail my questions by calling me an antisemite, which you are. I did not. Of Course you are. And and rather than be honorable enough to say it right to my face, you Are, I'm sitting I A squeezy fee line way implying it or just asking questions about the Jews.


I'm not asking questions about the Jews I have. There's nothing to do with Jews or Judaism. It has to do with the foreign government. Isn't Israel controlling our foreign policy That's not about the Jews You said I'm asking you. And By the way, you're the one that just called me I think as sleazy feline. So let, let's be clear. It's sleazy to imply that an I'm an anti-Semite, which you just did. No, I just said, why Is that the Only question you're asking? You answer it. Gimme another reason. If you're not an antisemite, gimme another reason. I will. Why? The obsession is Israel. I I am in no sense obsessed with Israel. We are on the brink of war with Iran. And so these are valid questions. But you're Not asking If I can finish, you Asked me why I'm obsessed with Israel. Yep.


Three minutes after telling me that when you first ran for Congress, you elucidated one of your main goals, which is to defend Israel. Yes. And I'm the one who's obsessed with Israel. I don't see a lawmaker's job as defending the interest of a foreign government period. Okay. Any government including the ones that my ancestors come from. So that's my position that does not make me an anti-Semite and shame on you for suggesting otherwise. And I mean that. And that's low and you know it's low. So why don't you just answer my questions, I'll answer anything straightforward, rational way. You certainly have the IQ to do it. Shame on you. Is is cute by the way Tucker. It Is. It's not cute. I'm offended. You're, you're offended. I'm obsessed with the Jews. You just told me that you ran. You just call me A sleazy Feline. It is sleazy to imply that I'm an antisemite for asking questions about how my government is run.


If you wanna count How many questions you asked about what about the Jews, what about Israel, what about, I Never asked about the Jews. I I have, this has nothing to do with the Jews, whatever that means. This has to do with a foreign government. And once again, shame on you for conflating the two. Yeah, they're doing all the tricks. And there actually is this, this Israeli former Israeli minister, I think her name is Shale shamut and she's on camera saying that this is a trick that we use. Like if all us fails, if anybody questions Israel, we just call them Antisemitic. And so this is like right from the handbook of the Zionist handbook, which is like, if, if something we do is so indefensible say that people noticing is obsession and that it's because they hate Jews, it's the oldest hatred in the book.


You just hate Jews. It's like, no, you are taking billions of dollars from us every year and you're demanding that we get involved in your Middle Eastern conflict. Of course we have a right to talk about Israel and like I said, you will see this over and over again. And when people decide I'm not, I'm actually not offended by that because I know it's not true. And I know that it's basically a really poor debate. Attack is an ad hominin attack and they seek to become more educated about the state of Israel. The more that you discover, the more indefensible it becomes. Case in point, I'll give you something that happened in the past. You guys remember when Kyrie Irving, they went out and tried to cancel this man, cancel his entire basketball career because he shared a link. He absent any commentary, he went into Twitter and he tweeted out an Amazon link to a documentary.


Now if he, if the reaction that he got, if nobody reacted, I don't even think anyone would've seen the tweet, honestly it was, it was so absurd. And it was a tweet to a documentary that was entitled from He Bruised to Negroes and they just said, oh my gosh, he has to go through steps to be allowed back in the NBA Skylar. Actually, could you pull up what the steps were that they wanted? Kyrie Irving, I should have had you pull this up before the show, but like they wanted Kyrie Irving to go through six steps and of course the A DL was involved, they wanted to make him like donate money to the a DL go spend time in Brooklyn with Jewish people because he sent shared a documentary link, which If you wanna think, okay, if you're making the argument that we are the original Jews of this land and you're not producing any evidence to that effect, any person has a right to say I agree with that.


I don't agree with that and you should just be able to debate it. And they were gonna cancel Kyrie Irving's entire life. Let me know when you have that Skyler. Okay, here we go. Sources the nets have delivered Kyrie Irving, six items he must complete to return to the team. He must apologize and condemn the movie. He must make a half a million dollar donation to anti hate causes. He must go through sensitivity training, anti-Semitic training, meet with the A DL and Jewish leaders and then meet with Josiah to demonstrate understanding. All he did was share a link to a documentary. I kid you not. And so here's what's really crazy because I had to basically when I was similarly being canceled for saying Christ is king and for me not agreeing with what's going on in Gaza, I got really educated about topics and I was shook by the fact that they are canceling Kyrie Irving Israel is for information that actually came from Israel itself or what was Israel, what was before Israel.


It was really just Palestine before Israel became a nation. Look up Abraham Pollock. This is incredible by the way. The thesis of that documentary is that these are not even the original Jews that actually these are CSARs from a turka community. So there's this like cian conspiracy theory and they call this an Antisemitic conspiracy theory. I wanna be clear to suggest that the people that are occupying Israel today are kazarian. Jews are are C are the kazarian are from like the kingdom of Cria is an anti-Semitic conspiracy theory. But now watch this Skyler pull up Abraham Pollock. And this is what I mean, it's the tricks that they play. Where did this anti-Semitic conspiracy theory come from? It came from them.


It came from, it came from somebody who said, I want to figure out who the ashkenazis are. And he was more than qualified to do it as an anthropologist. And he was living Abraham Pollock. Here we go. Abraham Nahum Pollock was an Israeli historian, a professor at Tel Aviv University since its inception, professor of medieval history and founder of the Department of Middle Eastern history. His main areas of research were Jewish history, Arab history, nations of Islam and Africa and the history of the Caesars. Now scroll down, and again, I am doing this all live so it might take a second here. But essentially he publishes a book and says, aha, I've done it. My research is over. Actually we are the Kazarians and we are from a Turkic tribe.


And they had these Turkic tribes, the ish Kenage, the Ashkenas. And that's who we actually are. I wanna be clear, this book was published the book called Kazaia History of a Jewish Kingdom in Europe. And he states that the, the CSARs were the demographic foundation of the Jews who inhabited Eastern Europe. And this was such groundbreaking stuff that he did. Look at this, this is, this is 1941. He says they didn't, they then mass converted to Judaism. He was awarded Tel Aviv University awarded him. Thank you for doing this research again, this is before the modern state of Israel. And then guess what He also, you can see there, he served in the IDF. So we're not gonna call him Antisemitic, are we?


He served in the IDF through the formation of the state of Israel. So this guy gets awards from Tel Aviv University and now he's serving in the IDF when they just kick out a bunch of Palestinians. And after they do this, they say stop publishing his book 'cause it doesn't help what we are trying to do. That's on the Wikipedia page. I don't want, i, I want this to be shown that this is on the Wikipedia page that rabbi said we should stop publishing this book because it doesn't help our argument that we're now making that we are the original Jews. This is you, this is on this Wikipedia page. Okay, so Kyrie Irving in theory could have just read this book which was published by someone who received awards for the research that he did tracing the ashkenazis back to this kingdom of, of the CSARs.


And then he never, they never removed his awards, they never called him antisemite. They never said, well we've debunked his scientific activity. In fact the rabbis said this is not helpful for us to say this, that we are CSARs now that we have established the modern state of Israel that's on this Wikipedia somewhere, you can scroll down, we should probably find it. Saying that it was not helpful I think was the exact terms. So when I saw this, I was just like the actual audacity to attack Kyrie Irving to give him six steps to say that he's an anti-Semite for something that you know, that your own historians published as fact and received awards for before the creation of the state of Israel before you pulled this book is asinine.


It is absolutely asinine. And the more you will find little things like that where the things that we are being called antisemites for, essentially it's it, you know anything about the history of the modern state of Israel, like If you learn about Bella Hadid's family and how they got the land and stuff, that is when they attack you the hardest when there was a truth there is when they attack you the hardest. And there are tons of books I've read, more books like that came from former I, former IDF soldiers and people that lived in Israel and there are are tons of historians who have written books to that effect. But I just wanted you to know like that is a level of gaslighting that they take part in now. Like oh the science, I guess it's like COVID, the science changed, the anthropologist was wrong, he never got his award revoked, but like, okay whatever.


Here it is in the Wikipedia page. Thank you guys for finding this. It reads nonetheless the same assumptions which Pak presented in his book were the target of criticism in various circles because of their possible ramifications on the right of Jews to settle in Israel as early as 1944. The Jewish historian Aaron Ziv asserted quote, I do not know what enjoyment and dignity he finds in in our Turkish Mongolian descent rather than our Jewish ancestry. And so they just shut it down. They were like, this is not okay. And they stopped publishing this book. So I just wanted to do a very late defense of Kyrie Irving because like I said, the more you look into things, it's the lies, it's the deception, it's the audacity to try to ruin the lives of others when they discover something that is patently true or at least you accepted as being a patent truth.


If you've changed your history and decided that this is no longer relevant and that Abraham Pollock is a raging anti-Semite, fine, but you better hang him before you hang Kyrie Irving is all I'm saying. 'cause I'm getting a little bit tired about that. By the way, further to that point, I wanted to show you this AP headline today. Speaking further to Ted Cruz's assertion that it's a, a Christian understanding that we must support this state. 34 people were killed today in the deadliest day of shootings near Gaza's new food distribution center. So kids are running for food and they are being shot. That footage is available. You could look at it on, on XI retweeted it. Obviously we can't show it on YouTube or we will get hit with some sort of a, you're not allowed to show violence on YouTube.


But again, how you watch this every single day, how you watch these children crying, how you watch these adults bleeding out and you with a straight face say that God is going to bless me if I look the other way. Makes me a little bit uncomfortable. Okay? So that's all I'm gonna say about that topic very quickly. Also want to switch to a more fun topic or a lighter topic before I get to some of your comments. I also wanted to say that Meghan Markle, releasing her baby mama dance was something that I saw and it was interesting. So in case you missed it, Meghan Markle, who has struggled to be liked, I would say, I think that's a fair assessment and I really, this year or last few years, I was like, I really wanna just look at her with a fresh pair of eyes because maybe with everything happening, maybe she really did just wanna go to America, live in la, loves this man to death and just didn't wanna be a part of the royal family.


Okay, love is like that sometimes it is really hard with her and her, I would say lack of brand clarity. So she decides to release this clip of her and her husband dancing twerking in the hospital before the birth of her daughter. She released this recently, I wanna be very clear. She released this, released this a couple of weeks ago and nobody's really sure why she released it as like A-A-T-B-T to when we like when hot sauce wasn't working, when spicy food wasn't working. And so with nothing left to do here she writes, four years ago this also happened that both of our birth of both of our children were a week past their due dates. So when spicy food, all that walking and acupuncture didn't work, there was only one thing left to do.


Laugh. And here's the clip and it's her and it's Prince Harry and he's got some good moves and she's dancing and she's holding her belly and they're in the hospital and she's twerking and dancing. And this is supposed to be really relatable except it bothers me. And I will tell you why it bothers me. And you can tell me If you think that I'm being unfair. It bothers me first because it's a lie, right? She's not in the hospital trying to induce labor by twerking. The hospital will not give you a bed because you're trying to induce labor. You are not allowed to. I take it from me, I've had four children, they won't, unless you are literally in the middle of labor. Even If you are in the middle of labor, if you're not dilated enough, they're not gonna give you a hospital bed. Okay? So you didn't go to the hospital and say, Hey, I'm a week overdue. Do you mind giving me a room and admitting me So I can try to twerk with Harry and see if I get the baby going?


No, you already agreed to the induction because you were a weak pack stew. You were in the hospital and they were about to give you Pitocin to induce the baby. And then you had this idea with your husband that you should twerk and put up a camera. That's the part that really bothers me. Put up a camera, fixate it, and then both of you start twerking. Because in her mind she was thinking, I'm gonna release this later in a Netflix doc or release it later to show people how relatable I am. Otherwise you can have a cute moment with your husband without recording it. Like why? Why would you record this for any reason? Why would you record this in the hospital? And in case you think that I'm being unfair, a week after she drops this, she goes on a podcast, Emma Greed's podcast, aspire and Emma greed questions her.


You know, she gets a lot of hate. People don't think you're authentic. Like what do you have to say to people who don't think you're authentic? And here's what Meghan Markle says, You have to be authentic. Just be authentic. Yeah. Did you see my baby mama dance? I mean, stop it. First of all, can I just tell you the timing of that? The timing of that? We were, we maybe watched it like 20 times yesterday and I was like, Come outta there. So she's saying, you need proof that I'm authentic. I just dropped myself twerking. Obviously I'm authentic. So she's bringing that up to say there is now pr I I have proven that I am authentic because I twerked with my husband in a room. That's not a normal way to answer the question. If somebody asks me about my authenticity, I would say I don't need to justify that I authentically am who I am.


Like, you know, me and my husband don't feel the need to respond to the internet, but she's like, we dropped the clip and that proves we're authentic. Did you see my baby mama Twerk? It's giving Hillary Clinton hot sauce comment on the Breakfast Club notoriously when she was running for office and she went on Power 1 0 5 and they, at that time, Beyonce's song was like number one in the world, it got hot sauce in my bag. Swag. I think that's from formation. And they asked Hillary Clinton again, like to be more relatable. And here, here's what Hillary Clinton actually said when, when she was running for president. What's, what's something that you always carry with you? Hot sauce. Really? Yeah. Yeah, really?


Are you getting formation right now? Mr. Hot sauce. Hot sauce in my back. Swag. Hot sauce. Really? Yes. Now listen, I just want you to know people are gonna see this and say, okay, she's pandering to black people. Okay, Is it working? Yeah, Respect. She's like, yeah, I'm pandering, but is it working? I actually kinda respect her for that. I kind of love Hillary for that moment. It was so real. But that's what that is giving. And like I said, there is no brand clarity. It's like she's so lost. It's like two weeks ago, Meghan Markle is selling a $3 million jars of jam as she pulls fresh honey from the backyard to, you know, happy music and dropping little heart sprinkles on baking saying that she just loves to drop sprinkles everywhere, like in her cereal, wherever in the most unrelatable opening for a cooking show, you know, fully in hair and makeup, wearing all whites with famous people as she walks through her garden outside giving Martha Stewart that that's her like literally last month.


She wants us to believe that that's genuinely who she is. She is Martha Stewart. She is Gwyneth Paltrow. And that's why it works for Gwyneth Paltrow because that is who Gwyneth Paltrow is. She grew up unbelievably rich. She cannot relate to us. Gwyneth Paltrow cannot relate to us. And that's why people love her because she keeps it a hundred. You know, she's like, I drink broth in the morning. I had a pony when I was one. I don't even know what it means not to have a chef and a housekeeper 24 7 a day. I can't relate to little people and I respect that. I, I like g when a paltrow for that. It it's, it's authentic. Meghan Markle is both Gwyneth Paltrow and telling you this is the taste of the other side.


When you go to your friend, billionaire friends mansions and you pull the honey from the back so that you have fresh honey to bake, to give to gifts to your friends. But also she twerks, I just need one or the other. I need you to twerk. I need sexy red, I need Cardi B. Keeps it authentic, you know, or I need you to be Gwyneth Paltrow. And then the last cringe thing that I saw that I really needed to get to was that she was still using her HRH title like her Royal Highness title When she gives personal gifts to her friends. That is the most pretentious thing that I have ever heard. Especially for someone who claims she doesn't wanna be a royal. Why are you signing off things to your friends, her Royal Highness, the Duchess of Sussex, if they're your friends, they should smack you in the face.


Literally. I actually have a title, by the way, you guys may not know this, it's very fancy. 'cause like, you know, my husband's entitled in in the uk, so I'm technically literally the honorable Candace farmer. Please punch me in the face 22,000 times if I ever start selling products on Candace Owens dot com that says the honorable Candace farmer. I just wanna relate to everybody in the podcast. So I'm sending you just little gif and sprinkles. The honorable cancel just punch me straight in the face. I can't stand the authenticity, the inauthenticity. It has to stop. I tried with you, Megan. Really? You gotta pick a lane, you gotta stay in it. Okay. That's all I'm saying.


Okay, before I read some of your comments, talked about a lot of stuff today. Want to remind you about The Wellness Company because you remember that viral video of RFK using Methylene Blue to stay focused, energized, immensely resilient? Well, you can now experience those same benefits from Recharge from The Wellness Company. The doctor formulated Nutraceutical that delivers a never seen before combo of methylene blue, NAD and PQQ, which creates a unique formula designed to optimize the mitochondrial function, improve your energy and enhance your mental clarity. Methylene Blue crosses the blood brain barrier to enhance your focus and executive functioning by increasing your A TP production, which is the true fuel of our cells. It also works to potent antioxidant and anti-inflammatory, helping protect against aging and cellular damage. So if you're looking for a real mental and physical edge, recharge will deliver it. Head over to TWC Health slash Candace and you could use Code Candace and you'll get 15% off plus free shipping. You will feel the difference of thinking clearer with Recharge. Again, visit TWC health slash Candace and use promo code Candace at checkout.


Also reminding you about Pure Talk because I can tell you right now, you could cut your cell phone bill in half and you could support a US company that shares your values at the exact same time values like supporting our veterans and creating American jobs. And I could also tell you that you don't have to sacrifice coverage to do that because it will be on America's Most Dependable 5G network. I'm talking about the only wireless company that the show endorses, which is Pure Talk, a wireless company that is veteran led and they invest in a US customer service team so that you have the best support possible. If you're with Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, join the hundreds of thousands who have successfully cut their cell phone bill straight in half. That's right. The average family saves over a thousand dollars a year when they make the switch. Pure Talk is mine and my family's cell phone company and it can be yours too. You can switch in as little as 10 minutes by going to pure talk.com/owens with plans that start at just $25 a month. There's no reason to wait. Go to pure talk.com/owens and make the switch to Pure Talk wireless buy Americans for Americans.


All right, you guys, let's get into your comments. What are you guys thinking today? What is on your mind? Okay, Sarah, regarding Sabrina Carpenter writes, Sabrina Carpenter's, aunt voiced Bart Simpson. She's an agent of the industry groomed for this. Yeah, If you guys are in my book club, 'cause we're reading Hollywood, Babylon. You get it, we get it. It's always been about sex and we're gonna get next week talking about the sex parties and rituals they had while they were making some films early on. It's crazy. You are correct. The industry has always been this way. Buckeye Bell writes outside of Sabrina Carpenter's concerts the morning after pills were passed out to everyone, even minors. My producer says, actually that was Olivia Rodrigo.


So a different artist. And yeah, this is sad that they are doing this handing out morning after pills. And you can see that here on the article. Why, why can their talent not carry them? Or do you recognize that there is very much an agenda and I'm telling you it there is a war on your fertility and by the time most women wake up to it, it can be too late. Scott writes, Ted supports Israel because the Bible says he must then he says the Ayatollah is a religious zealot. He's a lunatic, but a particularly dangerous kind of lunatic because he's driven by religious fervor. Yeah, that's pretty crazy. That's what I mean. It's like, are you guys perceiving that it might be a little hypocritical to say they're dangerous, they're religious fanatics and then at the same time saying, I must support Israel because my Bible doesn't command me to, because I think it commands me to, because of one of the most successful misinformation campaigns ever, which has impacted our country and has impacted our foreign policy and our politicians, which is the Schofield Bible.


Marcy writes, So I guess the nineties babies must live through two Cold Wars and one World war then sucks to be us. Absolutely sucks to be us. Monica Nuno writes, hi Candace, you're amazing And so inspirational. And I wanted to ask some advice on how I could level up my research game. I'm a victim of the failed public school system. You have to buy books. That is the only way to do it If you, they've even sanitized the web already. And so every you, you knew this during COVID, you couldn't find any other opinion about COVID. The shot was amazing. It's it's so great. And I actually found that even when I was doing like the shot in the dark series on Vaccines for Children, I had to pay to access old medical studies.


It was actually quite an expensive exercise, which is why I then created the shot in the dark series to be able to give that to parents because they're protecting what they're really doing is they, they want a white history so that we're kind of living in this ever present. I just, exactly what, 1984, the book by George Orwell suggests like they want you in a, in this ever present, there is no such thing as history because once you learn history, it disrupts your ever present. What greater example of that, by the way, than the topic of Israel? I was living in an ever present and I actually knew nothing about the history. But yeah, that, that it really is. You have to go and you have to buy books and you have to really research and connect to other people and be willing to have conversations with people that you would normally go.


That idea sounds completely crazy. And usually they're, it's coming from somewhere, you know? And, and if they're wrong, you're gonna discover that with your own research. And if they're right, you're gonna be grateful that you allowed in an idea that may have seemed strange to you. At first, eh writes, I was dumb enough to get the j and j COVID backs in 2021 for work. Got pregnant about six months later and was a non-viable pregnancy with Trisomy 17. Doctor said, it's a genetic anomaly. I'm too scared to try again. Don't be too scared to try again. I that don't at all be too scared to try again. And you know, the COVID vaccine without question, they, like I said, had to admit that it was impacting women's menstruation and they never wanted to connect the dot that it could be impacting your fertility.


Of course, if it's impacting your menstruation, your menstruation is the marker of your fertility. That is literally what it's all about. And we're, they've removed us so much from our bodies. And yeah, it is good that we're able to have these open conversations though, and people are learning about vaccines in a new way. I think COVID e everything that we lived through was actually a net positive because the stuff that I'm saying like saying, oh, I have a whole series dedicated teaching about vaccines. I could have never probably said without being caricature as anti-vaccine crazy five years ago. So yeah, the health conversation is getting better in America. Ment writes, it's really interesting how the very same Republican voters and politicians who criticize sleepy Joe for funding Ukrainian war efforts are so pro-war against Iran.


What is the difference? The difference is that Joe had an excuse because he had dementia. What's Trump's excuse? That's what I wanna know. What's his excuse? I actually like, I'm like, okay, well Joe had dementia and somebody else is running the show. What is Trump's excuse? Why would somebody else be running the show? Why is DB net and Yahoo running the show? He doesn't have an excuse and that's why the base is upset. We have a right to be Juniper. Barry writes, I love you sis in Christ, wondering what and who convinced you to convert, convert to Catholicism? The Schofield Bible was published in 1901. KJV was in 1611. The Catholic faith looks nothing like the original way of Christ followers not being contentious. Just curious.


That's not very interesting. It's like who put together the Bible? And people are like, when, when people say the Catholic faith looks nothing like the original way of Christ followers, I I genuinely don't understand that comment. And I, I found that for me, and again, this could be a much larger episode and it should be, but when I had my hangouts about the Catholic faith, 'cause when me and my husband got married, I, I was Protestant, he was Catholic, I realized that I was just saying stuff. I didn't know why I said it. I didn't know who ga put that in my mind. And typically if I'm saying stuff that I can't defend and it it's just like a, like it's trigger friendly, like Catholics worship Mary, where did I get that from? Who told me that? Why does every person who has an issue with the Catholic faith have a hangup?


And they, they say this is not true. Catholics don't worship Mary, but why do we all, why did we all say that? Or I guess when I was a Protestant, why did we say that? I'm going that strange. And I thought it was very strange that Christians in America seem to be, and I'll even say this about Christian influencers. They have more ill will towards Catholics than Jews and Israel. Like, that seems weird, right? Like, okay, we're both in the New Testament. Why? You have to realize, you have to be conditioned that way if you're, you're trigger is, I would rather defend the state of Israel and BB Netanyahu than to defend a Catholic. Someone ced you with those ideas. So it started with just challenging my own mind. And obviously my husband is the head of the household And so it was gonna, these conversations were being had because we were having children.


And I, no matter what believed that the, my husband is the head of the household and therefore our children were going to be baptized Catholic. But I wanted to understand him. I wanted to understand why with all of the bells and smells of the Catholic church, why he was drawn towards it. Especially because he was raised in the Anglican church. He strong evangelical Christian, his family and his faith. And he decided to transition, I mean to convert to Catholicism when he was at Oxford University when he was majoring in theology. And I think my husband is the most brilliant person I know. So I knew there was something that I was missing. Like what moved him away.


Somebody who was always had strong faith and always followed the wanted to learn about theology. It was always driven towards the topic of theology, what made him abandon evangelicalism and decide to convert to Catholicism, which was no small decision in the household that he grew up in. And all of that began me on my journey. And then of course, like the weird media insistence that we had to worship Israel became a little uncomfortable for me. Anyways, you guys wanted to let you know that the oh, one more person, Britney Douglass writes, when it comes to debating Candace's top tier Candace and Jason will get into that. I have to pull some clips of that for you guys next week. But Tucker is not far behind her. They leave people rethinking their lives. Tucker is fantastic.


I am, I'm just a student. I'm always learning and I don't even consider myself to be a great debater. I think that If you tell the truth, you don't have to worry about a debate because it's just the truth. And that's all I have to say about that topic. I wanna remind you guys that we have a new shot in the dark episode that's up on the website this week. It is about chickenpox and we'll get into the inserts on that. And us 90 kids already know that they're BSing about this vaccine. 'cause we all had the chickenpox and we all survived. We had chickenpox parties, we were doing the Meghan Markle twerk with all our siblings when we got chickenpox. And now they're telling kids they're gonna die from it. It's the same thing for every vaccine. You don't remember it, the the illness and you have no memory of it and you're terrified to ever get it because you assume everyone was dying.


But let me tell you guys, nobody was dying from chickenpox. Nobody lost their lives to chickenpox. We were just having parties. It was itchy though, and it was uncomfortable. I will say that. All right you guys. Tomorrow I'll be dropping an episode with Russell Brand. So stay tuned for that. Other than that, we'll see you then.