
You know, I'm supposed to be in a fantastic mood today. I woke up like it was Christmas morning because it was supposed to be Blake Lively files, her Amendment Day, which will in the future If you elect me president, be a holiday. But guess what? No such amendment has been filed just yet. Hasn't been dropped. And So I am taking that personally anyways, over the weekend we had tons of things happening in Blake and Ryan land, especially the brilliant PR decision to hit the red carpet for Saturday Night Live's big 50th anniversary. So we are definitely going to discuss that. And also moms TikTok people, all of the slews out there, we finally got some attention. We have felt like we are part of this lawsuit. Yes, well, Justin Baldwin's lawyer, Brian Friedman gave us a little shout out with Billy Bush.


I have that for you. And lastly, the internet is very divided on Elon Musk's 13th Baby Mama announcements. I don, you're probably like, how many Baby mamas does he have? A lot of them. And people are wondering if this signifies that conservatives are frauds. I'd interested to hear what people on the left think about this announcement. We're gonna discuss it, don't worry, all of that coming up on Candace. So Blake and Ryan have not been seen obviously ever since Justin Baldon launched his massive response to their lawsuit.


All of the details, the text messages and the public essentially turned on them. They were spiking the ball. They had the New York Times doing their dirty work. They were like girl marching with Taylor Swift. Everything was going their way for two years. They almost got this movie out of Justin Baldon and Wayfair Studio's hands and then internet sleuths got on it. And so we were kind of waiting for them to reemerge. And in my imagination, in my crazy PR imagination, I did not foresee that they would go right back into the belly of the beast that we are all trying to slay. I I did not think that they would come up with this brilliant idea to hit a red carpet first. And that's exactly what they did. They decided to hit the red carpet at Saturday Night Live.


So you guys take a look at them walking here just so we can see this Comcast Coming out of that. I just wanna be very clear, for those of you that don't know how these events work, they wanted to be photographed on the red carpet. That's something that's super compelling. Do not miss that little detail. You are very much allowed to decline to walk the red carpet. So If you were just like, we need to get out, we need to get back to our lives, just resume our lives in some capacity and go to this event, you can just go in through a side door, go in through a front door. You don't have to have a bunch of paparazzi stalking you.


You just sit down, take your seat and enjoy an event. And I would've been less offended if they had done that. But no, they wanted to be seen, they wanted their photos to be be publicized. They wanted people to see them smiling amongst their A-list friends. And then it gets of course worse because they wanted to be so seen that Ryan Reynolds, of course, inserted himself into an SNL cameo. And in case you haven't seen it, I'm sure you have, let's just watch what he does. The context is Tina Fey and Amy Poer, I love them both dearly great movies are essentially having all of these stars stand up and surprise they're asking them questions and they're supposed to be like a funny skit. And you let me know If you thought Ryan Reynolds was really funny.


Here, take a listen. I have a question. Oh, hi, Ryan Reynolds. Hi. Hi. Hi. How's it going? Great. Hi. What have you heard? Get it. He's just being his funny Deadpool self guys. So ironic. And it's so funny. He is like mocking the situation. And I do wanna point out to the homie Kevin Costner behind him because what's excellent about this, in case you missed a little bit of this double entendre, is don't forget that we were informed that part of Ryan's mental issues is because it stems from the fact that he didn't have closure with his father.


And his father passed without closure. He told us that he got really intimate with us when he was trying to, I don't know, beat up Justin Baldoni. And part of that story arc is the fact that he's obsessed with Field of Dreams, the movie that Kevin Costner was in. And for some reason he's obsessed with this movie because it has to deal, deal with fathers and a father passing. And in some skit he says he thinks that movie is real life. So it's amazing that Kevin Costner happens to be the person that is sitting behind him. And you can just see he is not pleased. He just doesn't find it to be funny. He seems to be trying to look to see if he can catch Blake's face there. And he just didn't find it funny.


He, he did not break character once. He just was like, okay. And there were other people as well who didn't find it to be entertaining and were just sort of like, okay. And you could see that they didn't want to be inserted into, I guess what you could now refer to his various Deadpool scenes where he wants people to think that he's surrounded by friends because he's a very small insecure man. And so what makes Ryan feel good about himself is money in power and proximity to power. And of course, my thoughts on this, the internet did not like this at all. Not shocking at all to see that there was this vicious reaction to this. These are just some of the top comments that were on SNL's Instagram posts. They wrote the top comment here.


It was funny until the cringe Ryan Reynolds couple made it awkward, read the Room, get Out, could have done without Ryan and Blake. So exhausting, missing Ryan Gosling, which is really funny. I didn't know Saturday Night Live approves bullying from Ryan and Blake. And that is kind of one of the First and foremost deep ironies of what's going on here is the fact that Saturday Night Live has made itself almost an enemy, I would say, of half of America because, you know, they were very much, okay, it's fine. You can have your political beliefs. They ha have established themselves as liberals. And for years we kind of heard this message, you know, Trump, Trump is a bully. Trump is a bully. Trump is a bully. Alec Baldwin skit after Alec Baldwin skit after Alec Baldwin skit, whether you believe it or not, that's how they've branded themselves.


And now you have them being the first to accept Ryan Reynolds. Right? And the first to say, we don't actually care. We know we have access to the messages. We know how he was speaking, how bleak Lively was speaking, how gross they were in trying to essentially say we have power. And you don't, we're friends with Taylor Swift, but all of that gets wiped away because guess what? He is, his agent is Ari Emanuel. He's a powerful Hollywood guy. And we all respond to Hollywood power and there's a hypocrisy and a fraudulence there that the public is, is picking up on. And so that's really interesting. Now, we could speak about a thousand reasons why the public did not like this, why the public did not find this to be funny. And I would say the first thing is because, Ryan, you are forgetting this case is supposed to be about sexual abuse, right?


You have told us that your wife suffered a form of sexual harassment and yet for whatever reason, you cannot stop mocking that sexual harassment in front of every camera that you see. I don't know, is that a first, like the first instinct of a man, if I, if I came home my husband and said I was sexually harassed, he'd be like, lemme put it into a, a movie script and act it out. Yeah, that would be so great. And I'm gonna bring my A-list homies and I'm gonna keep writing about intimacy coordinators. That would be weird. That's not something that actually a man who serves to protect his family and his wife would do that would just, it wouldn't be their first instinct at all to try to make money off of it and to try to humiliate this person and to keep mocking it. Your, your whole lawsuit alleges that you're, you, you struggled with anxiety from this abuse, and yet your husband is free to go mocking, mocking it.


And so yeah, we can actually hear Brian Friedman, Justin, he's lawyer who responds to this little cameo, this non funny skit, and he's pretty much echoing the Internet's sentiment on this. When he appeared alongside Billy Bush for an interview, take a listen to what he had to say. What did you think when you saw, you know, Ryan, you know, make light of the situation, I guess makes, try to find some humor in all this. I, you know, I'm unaware of, of anybody, frankly, whose wife has been sexually harassed and has made jokes about that type of situation.


Yeah, Yeah. I, I, I can't think of, of anyone who's done anything like that. And so it, it, it surprised me. He's absolutely correct. And again, he just wins for his, his sincerity, his his ability to connect with people, regular people outside of the Hollywood bubble. People, women, many women who have actually survived sexual abuse, sexual harassment, whatever it is, rape, real rape who are offended to watch this couple pretend that she's a victim of it as they just can't stop mocking it. And the reality is, If you wanna know the answer to the question of why is Ryan able to just keep mocking it? Because what's actually funny to him is not the sexual harassment.


What's funny to him is that he found a tool to be able to stage a hostile takeover of a business. And they were high, they were totally high on their own supply of power. They were enjoying it. They were enjoying humiliating. Justin Baldon, like I said, they got so close to winning this, they were so close to the end of their evil plot, unabashed plot to put him in the basement just for like an extra sprinkle of terror. Like we just are, we're so high on our own supply, we're telling people to fire him. We're calling him a rapist, allegedly, according to the documents filed, like he said, this WME we're using our dragon to talking about alii. And really this was because we now have so much power that we can stage a hostile takeover a business, and nobody can touch us.


Okay? And the public doesn't like that. They don't like it at all. They see right through it. And I would say another reason that the public didn't respond well to this was because we have already accurately deduced that the both of you are raging narcissists. You think you can simply, simply hit up your A-list friends to further enable your abuse. Basically what they are signaling by hitting this carpet and intentionally getting photographed is they're watching everyone on TikTok, they're watching everyone on Instagram say, what you did is not okay. And they're standing in front of the world and they're saying, we can't be canceled because we're too connected. So what, sorry for the rest of you guys, sorry for the rest of you idiots who are beneath us. We just have to make a phone call to Ari Emanuel and we can get into a skit and how we treat people doesn't matter.


And that's exactly what this evening looked like to the rest of us. Like your billionaire friend, agent Ari Emanuel phoned up his friend, Tina Faye, Amy Poer, and asked if they would like to include you in the skit because you wanna be in the skit and they oblige because why wouldn't they? As Bethany Frankl said, it makes for great TV and views for Saturday Night Live. It was a good marketing decision for Saturday Night Live, a terrible marketing decision for Blake and Ryan and for Hollywood. And if you're wondering like many people are, whose idea could this have been? My instinct says likely Ryan's, because it is his distinct pattern of behavior. He has demonstrated this over and over again according to his teacher. Remember the one that emailed me from Vancouver, Canada?


He's been doing this since he was 12. Like he thinks he can get out of anything by just acting. Remember that email we received, the teacher that was telling us that when he kicked him out of the drama program, then he just came back and put on fake tears and then said how sorry. He was then afterwards looked at the teacher and said, I was just acting, you know, and, and demonstrated some form of a sociopathology there. Like there's something wrong with him where he just thinks, give me a camera and I can persuade the masses. And let me tell you something, I only know one other person who's like that, who truly believes that. And it's a terrifying thing. They just, they cannot see their own demise even when they're in the midst of it, because they have learned to believe so much in them themselves. They are true narcissists.


And that's what I see in Ryan. He's like, camera lights, camera, action. People will remember that I'm hilarious that they love me, that I'm so funny. They'll find this to be self-deprecating and they'll fall back into my arms. Not what happened. Okay? The public rejected this. Another element of this that I wanna point out briefly is I keep maintaining my position that Ryan is obsessed with Scarlett Johansen in an unhealthy way because she was the one who walked away, nothing, sends a narcissist over the edge more than losing control. And I believe that her having chosen early on to walk away from him and becoming in, I should say becoming, maintaining her infinite success over him, she's infinitely more successful, has stung him in a way that he's never going to let go of.


And when you look through that case, there are so many elements of Scarlett Johanssen in it. How he got close to Chaing Tatum randomly putting him into this Deadpool movie for a cameo when the reality is that he was working on a movie with Scarlet Johansen and then suddenly Best Friends and he's out and wreck him. Blizz plank. Everybody that he was trying to squeeze Justin Baldoni with, you can then also attach the same elements to what he was doing to Scarlet Johansen. Scarlett Johanssen had just signed with Wayfair, was supposed to be her de directorial debut. And he's buzzing through Hollywood trying to literally get Wayfair blacklisted, blacklisted from Hollywood, blacklisted from WME trying to get Justin Baldoni, who's working with Scarlett Johansen fired and branded a rapist.


I mean, what is going on here? And So I thought that it was interesting that he chose to make his first appearance at Saturday Night Live. Her husband, her current husband, Colin, I, I'm, I think it's Colin Jost, I think it is Co Colin Jost, pardon, who is one of the lead writers at Saturday Night Live. And so this is kind of like her home in a way. It's definitely his home in a way. So it's her home knew she was gonna be there and I feel like he just has to be in the room and has to be seen by her at all times. Anyways, we park that aside because as I said, today is supposed to be Amendment Day. And so we kept refreshing. I've, I've told my director and producer, if anything comes in, I, I will just depart.


I will just goodbye and leave you guys here because I need to start pouring through all the documents. And I'm going, that amendment was due yesterday. Apparently, what I have now learned is that since it was a holiday, they bump it to the next day. So she has until, I hate to tell you this, midnight to file this amendment. And I am just like, why are you waiting to the very last minute to file this amendment? What, how is this going to save you? And then the question becomes, what could they possibly include in this? At this point it would have been wiser for them to take the mediation route to settle, okay? To say we cannot win this. But I can tell you that that's not exactly a planned route of escape for them anymore at this moment because Justin's team is not indicating that they're open to that until his name is forcefully cleared.


Okay? This is what Brian Friedman also had to say on Billy Bush. Take a listen. So there was mediation, like there was gonna be, there was an idea of mediation and both sides, your side and, and Blake's shot it down. No one wa no, were you open to mediating this? And the other side said, no, 'cause oh, I don't understand why this, this, this could, this could and should end, but it has to be them, right? Well, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll comment on what I can in what it was in what was filed with the court before the rule 26 hearing. The question was asked about whether we would be willing to go to mediation and whether we were open to that.


Our answer to that was no, we're not willing to do anything until Justin is cleared of being called a predator of being called a sexual harasser. Until that is determined to have not happened, we will be doing this. That is the way I'm telling you, that guy right there, he's like my twin flame, whatever that means. He's like, my homie be, I think we're twins we're, it's like, I don't know what's going on, but that is how my perspective, it's like no one's even partially bending the knee here. We're not doing this. You tried to brand this man who has a family, who has children into the public eye as somebody who would be known as a rapist even though she didn't accuse him of rape.


What she described in that lawsuit was like a guy who just like could not control himself, was constantly talking about pornography and wanted her to, to show her news. Like when, If you read the, the law, the lawsuit that she initially filed that CRD complaint rather that she initially filed and you had no context as I had no context. I didn't know Justin Baldoni from a Hole in the Wall. You know, I had never heard of Justin Baldoni 'cause I'm not into Hollywood. I don't really watch movies. And when you read it, that is, that is the only portrayal that you walk away with. You walk away with the sense that this guy is so creepy. Like all he wants to do is talk about sex, sex, sex, sex, sex. And he wants to talk about how you have sex. He wants to talk about orgasms. And she removed all that from the context for a reason for she was, it was meant to destroy him, her and Ryan wanted to destroy this man.


And so Brian Friedman is leading the way for all men who go through something like this who go through a woman for sports, a woman and her husband, which is even weird. This might be the first Me Too movement that is being guided by a another male being Ryan Reynolds. There's no putting this genie back in the bottle until you fully say I was wrong. I apologize. He's none of those things. And then we can start speaking about settlements until you have the humility, which I don't think they, they do till you have the humility to admit what you did. I think Brian Friedman has to keep fighting. And I wanna say this, what's also happening in case you've missed this, is everyone's kind of jumping ship. At least par partially I should say. Because we have Brandon Lenner, who I wanna remind you was read the lawsuit.


You love these people like in the moment who just have to get involved, read the complaint for the, for the love of God. He says, most of these people are heathens, godless, it's Hollywood. They worship themselves, but he's like for the love of God, If you even love the Lord, he wrote then read Blake Lively's complaint. That's how impassioned he was. Team Blake. And of course we kind of deuced that it was because he got love bombed. And I'm willing to forgive that if he just as Brian Friedman is suggesting, gives us the full Mia culpa, you know, I want the full, I am sorry she tricked me. I now realize that her and Ryan were love bombing me. I had no business watching that Rex a match they probably lost anyways.


And whatever contacts they gave me at WME is not worth me being a part of persuading the public that an innocent man is kind of like a rapist who can't control his sexual urges. Okay? But he won't do that. Instead he's backing out slowly. And he did this in a manner of stopping by C-B-S-C-B-S news sitting across from Gail King. He was promoting 1923, which is another series that he's involved in. And they just kind of ask him, what, what team, what team are you on? Team Blake or team Justin? He's had a change of part it sounds like. Take a listen. I would imagine at this point you're Bennett, you said I'm not in it, but are you team Blake or team Jess? He said, I don't speak English, Gale. I'm, I'm team.


I'm team. It ends with us. Yeah. Annie's team Taylor Paramount. Plus he's team Taylor. Yeah. Yeah. You a little nick on his knuckle there. No, no. Congratulations Bennett. I didn't expect you to end. I'm just playing messing with you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But we're glad you're here and continues. He's like, yeah, Gail. Yeah. Trained in martial arts. That's real funny. Yeah. Gail, you got jokes. Thank you Brenda. You hear that guys Now he's team. It ends with us. I don dunno, that wasn't the team. It sounded like to me when I read that Instagram post. What for the love of God, read the complaint. Read the complaint, she pinned it to the top of it for the love of God. If you go to church on Sunday, If you, If you say you're Hail Marys, please read the complaint.


Oh, I'm just team. It ends with us. No, no Brandon, you're a coward. You are a coward because you are still being controlled by power, I suppose somewhere deep down there's a good person in there. Okay? And that's why I said that I respected when her brother-in-law after reading Justin Baldwin's response, essentially issued a statement and said, look, I had, I didn't know everything and I, I realized like I kind of want anything to do with this and I don't, I don't encourage the bullying. And people came down to him, but I was like, no, this is actually respectable. Now that he is seeing the other side, of course he believed his sister-in-law, now he's realizing he maybe spoke too soon and he pedaled away from it. And that's respectable. What Brandon is doing is not respectable. What Brandon is doing is saying, I know where my bread is buttered. I know WME Ariel Emanuel, the most powerful man at WME who is trying to take the company private, who is their direct agent and he's a billionaire, has come out strongly and said, we're gonna a-list our way out of this.


Essentially like, oh, Justin Baldoni, bologna, bologna, baldoni. Remember that guy? That's what that is. What Brandon is afraid of, that is who he is afraid of. 'cause WME is his agency And so he's gotta now remain neutral. And If you stayed neutral from the beginning, that would be fine. I'm team and ends with us. But you wanted team and ends with us. You were team put bologna, baldoni in the basement. And so I'm not a fan of this, I'm not a fan of what you're doing. Like I said, I suppose you're probably a good person behind the scenes. I've seen some of your red carpet interviews. You don't seem to be like super woke and annoying, but what you did was wrong. And when you do something wrong and you make a mistake, the best thing you can do is have the humility to admit, Hey listen, I said way too much too soon.


Shouldn't have involved myself. I he could say something basic like, I wish both parties luck, you know, on the rest of this and would like to respectfully realize, bow out and realize I didn't know everything. Do that. And you might get a little bit more respect from me. All right, now just a reminder of for you guys of what we're looking for in this upcoming filing. Obviously what I'm just giddy for and I I'm assuming what her team must recognize by now is that they need to add some teeth to it, right? They, they just have to add some teeth to this lawsuit. We now have from his side text messages, we have a solid timeline. We've got a website that we can browse and read before we go to bed. We can read bedtime stories, just like reading messages between Blake Lively and Justin Baldon and Ryan Reynolds.


She now needs to illustrate her her allegations more thoroughly because the first time around it honestly read more like an a fantasy novel about a damn soul in distress. Okay? Here's what she said to remind you to jog your memory regarding her helplessness in this situation after she survived this tragic sexual harassment that she experienced on set. Now remember, we're supposed to believe, I want you to imagine this as we go over these initial filings that she, that she stated we're supposed to imagine that Blake Lively was marching around town with Taylor Swift, arguably one of the most powerful and resourceful individuals in the world alongside her husband, who has enough money and power to fundamentally transform the script of Deadpool at a whim to mock Justin bald alongside other a-listers and to fly her, her mates all around, everybody that's in, in the uk that Justin Baldon knows everybody, that he knows his colleagues to watch football matches.


But Blake is totally helpless. She doesn't know how to file a sexual harassment suit. Right? Here's, here's the actual language as described above, Ms. Lively and others attempted to raise concerns to Mr. Baldon and Mr. Heath regarding certain of the conduct described during filming. But they were not addressed given the futility of asking Mr. Baldon and Mr. Heath to address their own behavior. After unsuccessfully attempting to raise concerns with Sony, Ms. Lively expressly told Mr. Baldon and Mr. Heath that there were serious HR problems on set. Mr. Heath responded that they knew implying that someone had mentioned it to them and that Ms. Lively had raised concerns in response. Mr. Heath told Ms. Lively that he thought she had wanted to see the nude video of his wife.


She's still describing as a nude video as a woman giving birth. It's absurd. Okay? In the same conversation when Ms. Lively expressed her upset that Mr. Heath and Mr. Baldon had hidden the fact that she had been exposed to a covid outbreak on set, she and her infant contracted covid. Instead of acknowledging responsibility and committing to safety moving forward, they expressed upset over production days, missed and resulting costs despite receiving multiple detailed reports by Ms. Lively and others about Mr. Baldon and Mr. Heath's misconduct. Wayfair failed to investigate those reports or to otherwise institute protections for the cast. This is so, even though the incidents discussed above among others did not take place in isolation and many, if not all, were witnessed by others now.


So she's basically saying like, I tried to report but I didn't know what to do. I literally Googled like she's a part of a union s after is a union, okay? I Googled sexual harassment complaint. First thing that popped up in Google was a number. It was like, here's where you call If you like to make a complaint about sexual harassment. She couldn't do it. She was just trying. She was just, oh my God, oh, I'm just so powerless. I'm just trying to say that something happened and nobody's listening. 'cause the men hold all the power and I have no proximity to power. Meanwhile, ha, I'm ksi, here's my dragons. I'm so powerless, I have no power. It's, it's just ridiculous. And so that's what we're looking for. We're looking for her to show us when, where, and how and why she was powerless.


And of course the best way for her to do this is to get someone to join on this lawsuit, which her lawyer had implied at that very first hearing. But here's what's interesting. So I had heard two weeks ago that someone, I don't know specifically who, but someone was shopping around the alleged HR complaints that she kept referencing. And by the way, they tried to shop around these camp, these complaints back in August of last year when everything was going down. And she was convinced that he was behind this PR campaign. They, there was a lot of rumors that there were all of these HR complaints against Justin Bald. Those rumors appeared in TMZ. And we know that Leslie Sloan PR has a solid contact in TMZ and gets articles dropped, which is Blake's PR firm. And at that time, because these rumors were scrolling around, Sony came out and they said there, there were no HR complaints that were made.


So recently, two weeks ago, these alleged HR complaints that were sent to Sony, made to Sony, written to Sony, start making their way again to TMZ, to the Daily Mail and also to the New York Post. And they declined to publish them because people were saying, we don't know if these are real because they've redacted so much information on them that allow us to determine whether or not they're real. So whoever was behind this, because they couldn't get a big person to publish this, which makes me think they're not gonna include it in their new amendment. 'cause why are you trying so desperately to get the public to see them started leaking to independent media people and we're going to talkers and trying to be like, Hey, just so you know, these are the HR complaints, hoping that a talkers and internet mom slews would absorb the risk of showing fake complaints so that they could get sued by Sony or, and also hoping that it would somehow transform the public perception and make people believe that there were all of these complaints.


And so they leaked onto TikTok. I'm gonna show you them and just briefly discuss them because they're irrelevant because we have no way of confirming whether they're real. But I do believe that they came from Blake Lively's campaign because I had heard for weeks they were trying to get this published. And so the first one is like butt gate and it's exactly, it's, it's the public is supposed to believe that this went to Sony. Her lawsuit states that she went to Sony, but they've curiously removed who made the complaint removed what date the complaint came in. Why would you do that? Why would you remove that? Why is that redacted information? I'll tell you my suspicion is because I think all of these com complaints came in on the same date and that would've flagged the public as weird. Like, oh it seems like all of a sudden one person just made a bunch of complaints about one individual and that one person is probably Blake Lively or even Ryan Reynolds.


And it basically summarizes and said that he was trying to help an actress with her pos, her posture and had touched her butt in the process. And I think they're trying to make us think that this was what happened to Jenny Slate. Now we've heard Jenny Slate is not willing to come on in this lawsuit, which means that they're now trying to leak what happened to Jenny Slate. That's my opinion. That's what it looks like. Okay? Then there's this one, a second HR complaint allegedly, which I think is completely faked because Sony has already come out and said that there were no HR complaints, but maybe there's a record of a phone call. I don't know. Who knows? And this one is essentially about, and this is supposed to make us think that it's the young lily bloom, which she alleged and she wants us to connect the dots here.


So she alleged this in her initial CRD complaint and this is about an orgasm scene and like what he said off camera, which made this person uncomfortable, I'm telling you, this is dirty PR games. Dirty, dirty PR games. And then we have leaked HR complaint number three. Again, dates are covered and this they do, you can see that the date of the complaint says M which has to be may due to the fact that that's when principal photography took place. And we also know from Blake's lawsuit that May 29th is the date that she alleges that they went to Sony. Okay? She's saying she went to Sony and another actress went to Sony, or it could have just been Blake picked up the phone and complained on behalf of all of them to Sony, which I think is way more likely and that's why they're covering the date and they're covering the complainant.


I think it was Blake Lively. I think she put in all of these complaints on the phone and maybe there was some record. But that one essentially is obviously Blake Lively. 'cause all of that, everything that happened there is what is included in her initial complaint about her talking about the birthing scene. And she was uncomfortable and whatever, whatever it is. So that's a, that's a huge marker to me that they're now trying to get talkers to bite on this. It signals to me that tonight we can anticipate that there's not gonna be teeth in this, that they're, that they're just trying to win the PR war, that they're going out a Saturday night live hoping it's gonna make people amenable at or, or make people feel like, oh, I forgot how much I like him, how much I like him. They're also trying to get TikTok or a sway and go, oh, you know, pull the Brandon Snar read the HR complaints.


He was harassing all of them on the exact same day. There was just one day of filming where he just was a monster. He just couldn't stop himself. He could not fulfill his sexual urges. And he just came on set and was like, let me fix your posture and grab your booty because that's Justin bald. I guess my, my cousin's crazy. He couldn't, this was just one day in May where he just went crazy. Unleashed the dragon of sexual harassment. We're supposed to believe that 'cause we're dumb. We're internet, we're internet sleeps. We're just the moms on the internet. And so it's nonsense. I am obviously gonna be awake. I'm not gonna be able to get any sleep tonight. I'll be refreshing until midnight to see when it comes in, making notes at 1:00 AM But it does make me happy to know that we are getting somewhere.


It does make me happy to know that we are getting at least the credit we deserve. And so to sum this up, I wanna show you that we got a shout out. We got a shout out by Billy Bush. I'm talking about all of the TikTok slews and the moms Billy Bush and Brian Friedman, which is awesome. Take a listen to what they had to say. You've Seen social media, you've seen some mainstream media, certainly not the New York Times, but you've seen social media and these talkers and and people on YouTube. They're amazing. They're brilliant. Yeah, Candace Owens, they dead. Candace Owens has been on this like you wouldn't believe she's, she's a tigress and she, but, and that Steph with the deets on TikTok, I mean, there's so many people that are fascinated here, but they're justice warriors, you know what I mean?


They see in injustice. And now with metadata and all this stuff, you can track so much of this stuff. I mean, people are doing, you know, you, you've got free paralegals out there, man. And, and, and they, you know, I arguably we could live in a justice system one day where those types of people that have that type of information, they're willing to do that type of diligence should actually be the jury one day. And as you know, they are the jury for years because people are canceled, people have projects taken away from 'em, people are ridiculed, people are, are, are shunned.


You know, right away, right when the allegation happens, there's no the, the the, and these people actually give someone a chance. Ah, that feels so good to acknowledge that all of our internet sleuthing and psychotic timeline making, he also, they didn't, they didn't mention be better. Obviously Marcos has been amazing on this from the very beginning as well. There are so many people that are out there and yes, they are not gonna pull one over us. We don't care how much money you have, we don't care about your Hollywood influence. We care about justice, we care about my cousin Justin Baldoni, my kombucha drinking cousin. And we are gonna see this all the way through for him. All Right guys, If you are watching this on YouTube, please go ahead and hit the subscribe button. We're so close to 4 million subscribers right now.


Also wanna throw it to one of our sponsors. You know how much I love PreBorn? They have been with us since the beginning. We know that Planned Parenthood is spending millions targeting vulnerable, winning women that are and convincing them that the abortion pill is a quick, easy solution. What they don't really tell these young women is that there's a lot of devastation that follows. I have had friends who have done that in college. There's pain, there's regret. There's the reality that settles in that you're ending a life and people are not really educated about that pain that can seep in. And that's why PreBorn is stepping in through innovative technology. They're reaching abortion determined women before they take that pill before it's too late. In fact, to date, PreBorn network of clinics has rescued over 300,000 babies and they have seen over 90,000 women come to Christ in the process. And it does not stop there because PreBorn network of clinics are with these moms every step of the way, offering counseling, maternity supplies, and the support that they need to choose life. And they cannot do it without us. Just $28 provides an ultrasound to a woman that is in crisis that is literally it. $28 will help her see her baby and choose life instead. So If you wanna donate, you just dial pound 2 5 0 and say the keyword baby. Again, that's pound two 50 baby. Or you can donate securely at PreBorn dot com slash Candace. Again, that's PreBorn dot com slash Candace.


Also, my skin is looking amazing. You think it's pregnancy? Do you see the glow? I think it's nimi. Actually. January might be over, but there is no better time than now to continue embracing positive change. So if you're ready to maintain the new year, new momentum, look no further than Nimi Skincare. From gentle formula to luxurious treatments, Nimi offers everything you need to keep your skin glowing right now. If you use code Candace 10 at checkout, you'll enjoy 10% off your order. So whether you're pampering yourself or surprising a loved one, now is a perfect opportunity to try Nimis transformative skincare at a great price. Because Nimi is not just another beauty brand. They celebrate faith, family freedom, their products are made here in the USA, if you're looking for something extra gentle, they have NAMI's clean fragrance-free formulas. They're completely ideal for sensitive skin and those that seek a pure approach to self-care. So use code Candace tend today@nimiskincare.com, NIMI skincare.com, promo code Candace 10, and you'll save 10% on your purchase. So give yourself or someone special, the gift of glowing refreshed skin nimi skincare.com. Promo code Candace 10.


All right, Elon Musk's 13th child. Let's debunk that first because I have a long suspected that Elon Musk has way more than 13 children just right out the gate. Let's stop pretending. Okay? Like I feel like, I don't know, I just get a vibe from him. It's like a futuristic, weird vibe like Silicon Valley. I don't know. I feel like he's got 26 out there. I feel like Elon Musk has 26 children and I, I find it weird, but he's like, he was working with Amber Heard he was dating her and then suddenly she pops up with the child and yeah, so we're calling this Elon Musk 13 child that we know about. And the reason why we know about this is that you have an influencer named Ashley St. Clair. I've actually worked with her in the past at Turning Point USA and she also worked for the Babylon Bee.


And she made an announcement on X, which we're gonna discuss. And the announcement says, five months ago, I welcomed a new baby into the world. Elon Musk is the father. I have not previously disclosed this to protect our child's privacy and safety, but in recent days it has become clear that tabloid media intends to do so regardless of the harm it will cause. I intend to allow our child to grow in a normal and safe environment. For that reason, I ask that the media honor our child's privacy and refrain from invasive reporting. And this was supplemented, by the way, with a huge report in the Daily Mail that I had read. And essentially it definitely was an invasion of privacy, no matter which way you slice it. It was very weird to hear them talking about how they walked around the hallways of her house and they spoke to, or her apartment.


She lived in some swanky apartment and they didn't say exactly where it was, but they gave you the proximity. They were like, it's close to the town hall in Manhattan. Not necessary, literally not. You can announce this child, you can say they live in New York, no reason to give a proximity to where the child is and to describe the swanky building and to say, they also said what kind of a car she drives, like she drives a Tesla, this is all in their article. And, but they had walked in the hallways and spoken to people that lived there. And I just thought, this is not safe. Like instantly my instincts, like I'm, I'm pregnant. Like there's no reason to be any way describing where she lives. And So I instantly said, you know, the media's horrific for this. They should never do that. They should never, ever, ever put any children at risk. Irrespective of how you feel about Elon Musk, irrespective of how you feel about Ashley St.


Clair. It just defies my, my motherly instinct, my maternity instinct, my maternal instinct, pardon to, to read that kind of stuff. It's just too much. We don't need it. Okay, now then the conservative movement began arguing, you know, everybody screaming at each other to just give you some quotes, which I'll read to you now from the article that she had dropped, just so you can have the story from her eyes as we have not heard from Elon Musk, she said, I was told to keep it a secret. She did this exclusive thereafter with the New York Post. I was told to keep it a secret. I was being asked to keep it a secret forever. I was completely isolated during my pregnancy, every part of my career and everything I used to do I couldn't do anymore.


I was told not to tell anybody. There was a cohort of very violent stalkers who started threatening my toddler. They would send me photos of him with blood on it and that I would witness his blood splattering death and say that I was Elon's poor. It's very hard to understate how much I'm processing right now. I am sad that my hand was forced by me to do this. But there's also a sense of relief. Relief because I have been forced to live in secrecy for almost a year of my life. I cannot explain the kind of primary pain you feel as a mother and you're talking to people and they ask you about the one kid and you have to lie and carry this burden and a secret. So she has one other child and she's saying that essentially she was asked to keep this private and to keep this silent, and that she felt conflicted about only acknowledging one of her children.


St. Clair then said she notified his team that she would be writing about her claims on X the Friday before she hit send. He ignored it, she claimed. So this relationship obviously is not a healthy relationship. And so this instantly becomes a blowback and a discussion within conservative media. And you know, I said to her, my husband, and I'll be praying for you because we will like of course absolutely. Like it's obviously the situation is terrible. And if, If you needed to know how nasty it was, Elon Musk then responds to Mayo, Milo, Opolis on X, who is accusing her of having plotted to have his baby like a gold digger type situation. And Elon Musk responds to a tweet that she sent out in 2020.


It reads to me like a joke, like I don't like when you said some, she tweeted, somebody get me in touch with Elon Musk. You know, I need to get Elon Musk attention for a marriage proposal, please, Greg. And then Greg replies, he's got a kid with a woman already seems unlikely to work out. And she said, well, he actually has seven kids and goes through women pretty fast laughing face. I didn't take this seriously. I don think like if you're really trying to plot to marry, like you would put this on the web, the Elon Musk replies and writes, whoa. And that is just to me like, okay, you're Elon Musk, okay? You're the richest man in the world. If you wanted to have an entire team of people, If you wanted to hire an entire team of people to research every tweet that that girl has ever sent in her entire life, you had the ability to do that.


Okay? So I don't see a victim in this. I don't see a victim in this. I think it's a valid discussion for people to be saying what is, what are the implications here for the conservative movement? And so there are a couple of debates that are happening right now. All of them are happening on the internet and none of them really have anything to do with one another. So I kind of wanna break it apart. First is just the argument of whether or not you should celebrate the birth of a child to a single mother. Because some people ran and said, congratulations, Ashley. Like I said, I would pray for you. Some people say congratulations, and they're like, oh my gosh, you're not a conservative If you say congratulations to a single mother or a child born out of wedlock. This is where like, I just don't feel like I fit in anywhere because First and foremost, I am a child that's born out of wedlock.


I could never imagine, even if I ran into a woman at Boston Market, I do love Boston Market, there's not any down here, but like, I'm from the north and she had just had a child and I don't know, she just said like, I just had a baby like three hours ago. I'd say, oh my gosh, congratulations. I would just naturally say that because I've been pregnant and I've been pregnant for four years. I just, I can't stop being pregnant. And it is just, there's so much happening in your body and when you finally give birth, like it is this huge thing. It is just a lot happening in your body and it, it is a congratulations. It's, that's why I feel I have the sympathy for elephants. When I found out that elephants are pregnant for two years, I wanted to like dedicate the rest of my life speaking about how unfair it is for elephants.


I they deserve more than a congratulations. You've been pregnant for two years. And So I think a lot of times people who don't even understand what is happening, like in your, like I, they don't understand why you might say congratulations to someone after they have a baby. You know, giving birth, just the going through labor, all of it, it just to me is a congratulations. And So I guess what I'm saying here is I'm very biased on that matter and I, all of you better congratulate me when I give birth in early May. I expect every single person to congratulate me for giving birth in, in May, but this is bleeding into people who are saying, okay, now does that transform? Like if, if the person at Boston Market, this person I made up was a single mom, and she's like, well, I just gave birth and I'm not married, then I go, oh no, not congratulations.


Well, would I be reading ads for PreBorn if that were the case? Like if, if like what are we supposed to shame people? Now you can say, okay, but the Ashley St. Clair situation is different. This isn't like a single mom like my mom school of hard knocks didn't grow up in the best situation. She did eventually get married to my father, but she, she had all four of us first and then they got married. So I'm a child out of wedlock. So yeah, I, there you go. I've broken this on the internet. It's amazing. My mom was not married and So I, am I supposed to believe that no one should have congratulated her when I was born? Don't answer that question. My haters in the comments, I know how this goes. I know how this goes. She's gonna be like, that's what's wrong with you. You were born out of wedlock and your mom didn't get married until you were four. I knew, I knew that's where this was gonna go.


But the point is, is that like, I just think like it's birth giving birth is like a miracle. It's, there's so many things that happen to the female body. It's just such a beautiful godly thing. It's, it's amazing. It truly is. And I would never not say congratulations to someone on the basis of whether they were married or not. Even though I didn't say congratulations to her, I would've said, congratulations her if I saw her at Boston Market. That's kinda my point. The other element though is people are arguing whether or not Ashley St. Clair did this on purpose. It's an entirely different discussion. Okay, that's an entirely different discussion and you can debate that. And now the debate is being had of as to whether or not conservatives in media are frauds, right? Is cultural conservatism fraudulent? And the partial answer that I would say to you, because I feel like we're always arguing in terms of influencers, is that there's a reason why I've kind of removed myself from politics like I was.


I feel like I was so much more involved in politics until I got up close to it. And I realized that there are so many people who run around on their Christian platforms and they say they're Christians and blah blah blah, but they just don't have the courage to say anything nice about a gazen kid when they're blown up by a bomb, it doesn't matter because they care more about their politics like this. So are you really a Christian? And that's DC for you? Like just so you know, that's dc. It's incredibly disappointing. It's a good, incredibly, If you truly believe in what you believe in, you know how they say like, don't meet your idols. Like don't go to dc You are gonna come across a bunch of people that drink nonstop. You're gonna come across people that are sleeping with each other, people that are taking deals from lobbyists who will literally tell you to get an injection and pretend that it's based in logic and reason when really it's based on who's buttering their bread.


You get a bunch of people who would allow every single Muslim to be annihilated as long as APAC gave them a Czech. So these are all, again, different discussions to be had. But on the question of whether or not I deserve going back to me a congratulations. When I give birth to my fourth child in five years, the answer is, you better or I'm gonna beat you up. And that's what I really wanna say on that matter.


Before we get into some of your comments, foremost, wanna throw it to American Financing? The average person say is feeling the financial strain more than ever. Expenses are up, wages are aren't keeping pace and many people are finding it nearly impossible to, to make ends meet with little leftover. After covering the basics, it's no surprise that many are resorting to credit cards just to get by often carrying high balances and interest rates in the twenties or even the thirties. So if you're a homeowner and you're stuck in this cycle of mounting debt, you should call my friends American Financing because their salary based mortgage consultants are saving homeowners an average of $800 a month helping you put your hard-earned money back where it belongs. Plus, If you act now, you might even be able to skip your next mortgage payment. There are no upfront fees, so it costs you nothing to find out how much you could be saving each month. It is time to break free from the stress of debt by calling my friends at American Financing Today. You can visit American Financing net slash Owens and there is also a number for you to call, but I, the number is 807 9 5 12 10. Again, the number is 807 9 5 12 10. Or you can visit American Financing net slash Owens.


All right, you guys is get into some of your comments. Can't wait to hear what your thoughts are. We have Eve, who says, in my opinion regarding Ryan Reynolds, he doesn't care about Blake because he is dating Hugh and Blake is dating Taylor. Yeah, I said it. I have seen this conspiracy theory before about Blake and her being in a relationship and I used to like dismiss it, but after I read Hollywood, Babylon about all of these lavender, as they called them, couples intentionally in Hollywood who just cover for each other. And then somebody pointed out to me, Calvin Harris's tweets about how he grew a beard right after he broke up with Taylor Swift because he wanted a producing Grammy. I was like, well that is weird that Ryan Reynolds like just kisses Hugh Hefner off script and riffs and does that all the time.


And he is constantly talking about his bromances. And I've heard rumors, but my personal opinion is it's not relevant to the story. So even if they were both homosexuals, it wouldn't transform or make what they did to Justin Baldon, right or wrong, right? So I was just like, I could look into this, but it doesn't have any bearing on the situation at hand. And truly this is about justice, not about who is sleeping with who. I don't feel, though, going back to just your point about whether or not he cares about Blake, there's something about that relationship that is very odd. I think Ryan really cares about himself and if Blake and Hugh were hanging off of a cliff and he could only save one, he would drop Blake without any questions asked. My opinion, Alyssa says, I won't sit here and be told that JB did these salacious actions.


If there was a modicum of truth, B L's initial complaint would have painted him way worse. This is a disgusting, empathetic attempt. Yeah, she could have just dropped it all in the first complaint. She should not have to wait until the 15th hour in order for her to issue her amendment. She'd be like, oh, okay, you really want to go at it? Here you go. Here's all of the details, all the messages she could have put up a website. Look at how fast Ryan Friedman's team has acted, right? They had, they did not have the runway that Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds team have, and they had been plotting this for a year seemingly so it doesn't make sense to me either. Brian Schwartz writes Ksi and Deadpool pulling a very expensive publicity stunt maybe. Yep. I would say they were. And it was about just wrangling the rights away from Justin Baldon and pretending that she has this like elaborate career when in reality Wake Lively isn't even a Beat list Actress, she's a sea list actress.


You know, I liked her on Gossip Girl 'cause Gossip Girl was fun and I was young, but there's no depth there. You know, no one's like screaming for her to win Academy Awards. Christina writes, they should make both Blake and Justin take lie attacker tests, then make the results public. Yeah, they would never, ever, ever do that. I just want Taylor Swift's text messages. That's all I care about. That is the treat that I think that I deserve at the end of all of this. And I wanna sit down with my cousin Justin. That would be amazing. Could you imagine if he and I sat down on the internet together? It would be so fun because we have nothing in common other than like justice. I don't even know. I don't. I'm actually me and Brian Freeman. I feel like we have a lot in common, but it would just be really fun. Liz in Seattle writes, can you please investigate Michelle Obama being Michael.


There's a video out there showing her with a male appendage and being a male, can you please use your super sleuth skills and prove if it's true or not? I have never seen anybody send me like, you know, a bible of evidence, so to speak, in the way that I was given a Bible of evidence regarding Bridgette Macron. I've heard people say that I've seen the Ele generous video and that to me is not gonna be a compelling enough argument to state that Michelle Obama is a dude. So if somebody has like a trove of evidence the way that Xavier Posar has, I could be interested, but again, I haven't seen it. So that's not next. I do have another investigation though that I'll probably be announcing at the end of this week. I've been keeping a big secret from you guys.


Like a big secret. A super big secret. You're gonna be like Candace, no way. And I'm gonna say, yeah, way, way, okay, way. That's that'll be next. And then I'll be in maternity leave after that one. But that one's gonna be explosive. It's gonna melt your brains. Ribs rites something is off with Musk. He's fathering a hundred kids, but is he a father to any, it's weird that conservatives view his behavior favorably given how critical they are, rightly of the black baby mama culture. I do not favor that. I have criticized Elon from the beginning. I have said I deeply appreciate I canalize what he did in terms of freeing speech on X and I respect that. But in terms of how he lives his life, I have long said that the quick marriage of everyone just suddenly being like, yes, like Elon Musk everywhere.


I mean he became a conservative five minutes ago and I just don't feel that we know enough about him. We have not fleshed out what his actual ideas are. And in my opinion, If you don't believe in family or If you have some futuristic AI view of a family that could also spell out you being okay with like artificial wombs, then you and I are not aligned and you are not a conservative 'cause what are you conserving if it's not the family unit? That's my personal opinion. So I have never been shy in explaining my opinion on him. And yeah, that's it. Just letting you guys know. By the way, hit subscribe button if you're watching on YouTube. Also, the next book club episode is gonna be a week from today, February the 25th. I'm going to try to email everyone in the book club initially, just that you know which chapters we're gonna be covering.


'cause it'll be much more formulated than the introductory book club that we had two weeks ago or last week rather. Also stand as Cups are back. You guys sold us out. They are back and available on the website. The everything is faking Gay one. These are the ones you gotta get guys. This is basically our show in a nutshell. We know that everything is nineties, fak and gay. All right you guys, I will see you tomorrow.